An Improved Fuzzy Logic Based Navigation System for Mobile Robots	2003	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	In this paper, we first describe some "goal-unreachable" problems found in fuzzy logic-based algorithms for mobile robot navigation systems. Then, a new algorithm is developed to solve one of the problems, i.e., a problem with nearby obstacles. The resulting navigation system has been implemented on a real mobile robot, Koala, and tested in various environments. Experimental results are presented which demonstrate the effectiveness and improvement of the resulting fuzzy navigation system over conventional fuzzy-logic navigation algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
A design for a tandem AGVS with multi-load AGVs	2003	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	A tandem automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) is obtained by partitioning all workstations into multiple zones and assigning a single vehicle to each zone. In this paper, we propose an analytical model to design a tandem AGVS with multi-load AGVs. Using simulations, the performance of the proposed model is shown by comparing it with a conventional multi-load AGVS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Markov chain,Multi-load AGV,Tandem AGV system
AGV routing for conflict resolution in AGV systems	2003	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems are important for material handling in automated manufacturing systems (AMS). However, it is a great challenge to effectively manage them due to some of their features, e.g., the number of AGVs being fixed, prior unknown requests, and changing AGV initial positions. This paper aims to find the shortest time routing while both deadlock and blocking in them are avoided. We first find the shortest routing based on a layout of an AGV system, and then perform rerouting whenever necessary to avoid deadlock and blocking according to a deadlock avoidance policy previously developed by the authors. The algorithms are presented and illustrated through examples.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	14	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Conflict-free routing of AGVs on the mesh topology based on a discrete-time model	2003	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	Automated Guided Vehicles (or AGVs for short) have become an important option in material handling. In many applications, such as container terminals, the service area is often arranged into rectangular blocks, which leads to a mesh-like path topology. Therefore, developing efficient algorithms for AGV routing on the mesh topology has become an important research topic. In this paper, we present a discrete time model, based on which a simple routing algorithm on the mesh topology is presented. The algorithm works by carefully choosing suitable parameters such that the vehicles using a same junction will arrive at different points in time, and hence no conflicts will occur during the routing; meanwhile, high routing performance can be achieved. Analyses of the task completion time and the requirements on timing control during the AGV routing are also presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
The development of the advanced carrier system by IDC (Intelligent Data Career)	2003	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper shows propose the inexpensive and flexible carrier system with the AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) which is practical in the manufacturing process, making use of IDC (Intelligent Data Career) with the big capacity data and two-way communications. The characteristics of this system are "the simple and easy change of AGV route and number", "easily coexistence with a person". In order to verify the possibility of the system realization, we developed an algorithm of AGV traffic rule on our new concept and confirmed the effect of proposal system by computer simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A distributed route planning method for multiple mobile robots using Lagrangian decomposition technique	2003	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	For the transportation in semiconductor fabricating bay, route planning of multiple AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) is expected to minimize the total transportation time without collision and deadlock among AGVs. In this paper, we propose a distributed route planning method for multiple mobile robots using Lagrangian decomposition technique. The proposed method has a characteristic that each mobile robot individually creates a near optimal route through the repetitive data exchange among the AGVs and the local optimization of its route using Dijkstra's algorithm. The proposed method is successively applied to transportation route planning problem in semiconductor fabricating bay. The optimality of the solution generated by the proposed method is evaluated by using the duality gap derived by using Lagrangian relaxation method. A near optimal solution within 5% of duality gap for a large scale transportation system consisting of 143 nodes and 15 AGVs can be obtained only within five seconds of computation time. The proposed method is implemented on 3 AGVs system and the route plan is derived taking the size of AGV into account. It is experimentally shown that the proposed method can be found to be effective for various types of problems despite the fact that each route for AGV is created without considering the entire objective function.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	19	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed autonomous robotics systems,Multiple mobile robots,Route planning,Semiconductor fabricating bay
i-Fork: A flexible AGV system using topological and grid maps	2003	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	In this paper we describe the navigation and planning of the i-Fork system, a flexible AGV intended to operate in partially structured warehouses where frequent floor plant layout modifications occur. This is achieved by using a combination of topological and grid maps in such a way that the operator work in layout modification procedures is greatly reduced. The system is currently working in an agricultural company with great success.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	20	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A motion planning approach to fast parking control of mobile robots	2003	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper studies the general parking problem for unicycle-modeled mobile robots by combining the motion planning method with tracking controller design. We add a re-designed virtual trajectory to the original trajectory such that the parking problem can be transformed into a tracking problem. Consequently, a new global tracking controller is proposed to achieve the locally exponential convergence. Further improvement of the tracking performance is achieved using linearization and pole placement method. The proposed controllers are quite simple and can be easily implemented. The effectiveness of the proposed methods is validated by several interesting experiments including the parallel parking and the back-into-garage parking.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Mobile robots,Nonlinear systems,Parking control,Tracking control
Effective OHT dispatching for differential material handling services in 300mm wafer foundry	2003	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper tackles the problem of providing differentiated material handling services in a highly automated environment of 300mm wafer foundry manufacturing. A preemptive dispatching policy is proposed and studied to expedite the movement of high priority products while keeping the incurred delays on regular ones being acceptable. Simulation experiments based on realistic data from a local 300mm foundry fab are conducted. Numerical results demonstrate that the proposed policy is sound in reducing the transport delay of high priority products to the extreme. Some features of the policy are also explored.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	11	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Development of a look-ahead AGV controller for a clean bay operation	2003	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	This paper presents an AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle) routing procedure for wafer and LCD production. During the production, when the destination buffer of a part is full or no part is ready when a machine is ready to get a part, this procedure determines how to resolve this difficulty in routing. The procedure looks ahead to get the information of the future state of a system for the routing. The procedure determines where an AGV should go with a part which just finished its operation between the central buffer and the next machine. It also determines where to get a cassette for an empty local buffer space from between the previous machines and the central buffer. For the determination, it uses estimated expected waiting time for AGV service obtained by a stochastic modeling.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV controller,LACP,Look-ahead,Routing,Semiconductor and LCD
Intelligent control of route deviation of an automated guided vehicle	2003	Harbin Gongye Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Harbin Institute of Technology	To study the automated guided vehicle (AGV's) fixed track control mode, an AGV's mathematic model of control system of the track deviation was built, and the dynamic structure chart through analyzing the interrelation between the deviation and the speed of the wheel was obtained. Through small deviation linearization, the nonlinear system was simplified into a single input/output system. Multipoint signal acquisition and fuzzy control theory are used to improve the control precision of the AGV's track deviation with sinusoidal signal loaded into the system, the system displays good characters and stability, which proves the approach is correct and workable.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Fuzzy control,Mathematic model
Design and development of an automated guided vehicle	2003	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	This paper reports on the development of the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) Hellenak that it is manufactured at the Machine Tools Laboratory of the Technical University of Crete. It has been designed with the use of parametric technology. The size of the model was 1.2 meters long and 0.7 meter wide. Vehicle's load capacity is 200 Kg and volume capacity exceeds the 1 m 3. Hellenak has a four wheel kinematics architecture (two powered wheels and two castors). A PC on board using Microsoft Windows operating system is controlling the vehicle. It can be controlled via Ethernet link from a remote terminal. Currently, it is equipped with two odometers and seven optic-electrical distance sensors, two digital cameras, four analog outputs, fourteen analog inputs and many digital inputs-outputs. Hellenak is able to move straight, make turns and spin around it's center of movement, even when loaded. A real time path-planning algorithm has been created to test the motion accuracy of the vehicle under development.  2003 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	7	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Simulator of multi-AGV robotic industrial environments	2003	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	This paper is concerned with simulation of floor shop layouts that may contain a number of robotic manufacturing cells and a number of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) that commutate between dynamically determined starting and end nodes. We describe improvements of the AGVs pure pursuit path planning algorithm that were achieved by using a simulator for the off-line and on-line testing purposes. Simulator enables more efficient planning of the whole manufacturing process, optimization of the number of AGVs for a given floor shop, and easy modifications before implementation of the real system.  2003 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	10	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Use of retrofitted series industrial trucks as Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) Einsatz umgerüsteter Serien-Flurförderzeuge als fahrerlose Transportfahrzeuge (FTF)	2003	VDI Berichte	The use of an industrial truck converted into an AGV has been successfully tested at the Unna distribution centre of Karstadt Warenhaus AG. The vehicle picks up Europallets from buffer stations, conveys them to an elevating platform of the stationary materials handling equipment, and places them there. Occupation of the buffer stations is detected by a laser scanner arranged at the ceiling of the hall. Following the positive test result, i.e. a throughput of more than 31 pal./h, this vehicle has been put to permanent use after adaptation of the route. Further applications of automated industrial trucks are currently investigated. These are recurrent transport sequences such as charging and discharging of transport units at elevating platforms of stationary materials handling equipment. The AGVs allow to save both manual operations and the use of mechanised buffer stations. Using automated narrow-aisle stackers as AGVs, changing aisles and handling pallets and plastic stock boxes (600 × 400 × 300) without a driver, can be another main application. investigations in this respect and the determination of safety measures are in progress.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Germany	0	Engineering (all)	None
Dynamic negotiation strategy-based AGV flow	2003	International Conference on Mechatronics, ICOM 2003	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems are used to transport materials in industry. A previous intelligent agent-based controller was used to maintain the movement of AGVs in such systems. The controller maintained deadlock free flow in a layout known to encounter deadlocks when employing an industrial controller. However, the agent-based controller, did not function satisfactorily in terms of the number of deliveries made by the AGVs, when compared with results obtained from a simulation of the industrial controller. This paper presents research into the improvement of the performance of the negotiation algorithm employed within the agent-based controller. The modification to the algorithm results in a 37.6% improvement in the number of deliveries made.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Engineering (all)	None
An object-oriented simulation and extension for tandem AGV systems	2003	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	An object-oriented simulation modelling environment, AgvTalk, is presented to provide flexible modelling capabilities for the simulation of many alternative automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems. The hierarchical features and modularity of AgvTalk create possibilities for the extension and reuse of simulation object components. The detailed behaviour of each object in the AGV system can also be modelled easily and exactly in AgvTalk because there are no limiting modelling constructs. The modelling capabilities of AgvTalk are demonstrated by designing and simulating a conceptually different configuration AGV system, known as the tandem configuration. For the tandem and conventional AGV systems, the characteristics and design methodology in AgvTalk are described. Simulations between the two systems are compared using AgvTalk in a job shop environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV systems,Object-oriented simulation,Tandem configuration
The shortest path determination in AGV systems by using String composition	2003	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	In this paper we first describe in detail a string composition algorithm introduced in [1], then we also extend the notation proposed in [2], where application of the string composition to manufacturing systems analysis and design was explored. At the end of the paper we give an example of string composition applied to the shortest path determination for successful path planning in a multi-AGV (automated guided vehicle) system.  2003 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	7	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Establishing Limits of Kinematic Based Control for Wheeled Mobile Robots	2003	Proceedings of the International Conference on Machine Learning; Models, Technologies and Applications	This paper introduces a dynamic model (based on the assumption of pure rolling) that is capable of monitoring the wheel forces and slip conditions during AGV maneuvering using computer simulation. The impetus behind the current work is to establish the quantifiable limits for which kinematic models are valid for the control of nonholonomic Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). Subsequently to ascertain whether the performance of the existing control reduced operating ranges are sufficient for assembly and general industrial type operations where increased productivity is required. Simulation results of the dynamic model are reported.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Artificial Intelligence	None
Lateral control of tractor-trailer vehicles	2003	IEEE Conference on Control Applications - Proceedings	This paper dealt with the problem of designing and tuning a control system for steering a tractor-trailer vehicle along a highway and keep it in the current lane automatically, using information from a stereo vision sensor system mounted inside the cabin. The lateral control strategy combines a feedforward part with a feedback term which has been designed based on H∞ control theory. Field tests have confirmed that the designed control algorithm provides desired performances under a large set of conditions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	5	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Co-operative control,H-infinity control,Lateral control
Learning from the expert: Improving boundary definitions in biomedical imagery	2003	Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (Subseries of Lecture Notes in Computer Science)	Defining the boundaries of regions of interest in biomedical imagery has remained a difficult real-world problem in image processing. Experience with fully automated techniques has shown that it is usually quicker to manually delineate a boundary rather than correct the errors of the automation. Semi-automated, user-guided techniques such as Intelligent Scissors and Active Contour Models have proven more promising, since an expert guides the process. This paper will report and compare some recent results of another user-guided system, the Expert's Tracing Assistant, a system which learns a boundary definition from an expert, and then assists in the boundary tracing task. The learned boundary definition better reproduces expert behavior, since it does not rely on the a priori edge-definition assumptions of the other models.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Introduction of flat pickup cores to an inductively coupled power transfer system for fast moving optical sensors	2003	IPEC 2003 - 6th International Power Engineering Conference	This paper describes a magnetic coupling design process of an inductively coupled power transfer (ICPT) system for fast moving optical sensors. Using the finite element method (FEM) for the calculation of the open circuit voltage and short circuit current of a power pick-up let us calculate the power available to the sensors. There is a close match between the calculated and measured power value. As a result of our research a system containing a set of four flat pickup cores are proposed and possible control methods are discussed. In comparison with the existing system based on an E-type core, the proposed system can deliver the same amount of power to meet the power requirement. But the cost and size of the sensors are greatly reduced along with the increased protection class.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Inductively Coupled Power Transfer (ICPT),Moving Sensors,Power Pick-up Design,Power Supplies
An approach for performance evaluation of software architectures using prototyping	2003	Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Software Engineering and Applications	The fundamental structure of a software system is referred to as the software architecture. Researchers have identified that the quality attributes of a software system, e.g., performance and maintainability, often are restricted by the architecture. Therefore, it is important to evaluate the quality properties of a system already during architectural design. In this paper we propose an approach for evaluating the performance of a software architecture using architectural prototyping. As a part of the approach we have developed an evaluation support framework. We also show the applicability of the approach and evaluate it using a case study of a distributed software system for automated guided vehicles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	3	Engineering (all)	Architecture evaluation,Architecture prototyping,Performance evaluation,Software architecture
Power efficiency improvement of a contactless power supply for moving sensors using a soft switched detuning technique	2003	IPEC 2003 - 6th International Power Engineering Conference	A soft switched detuning control (SSDC) method is proposed in this paper to improve the efficiency of the power pick-up for industrial moving sensors with wide load changes such as frequent on-off operation. The switching conditions of the existing hysteresis or PWM controllers are monitored to determine whether the pick-up circuit need to be detuned to reduce the resonant output current. This helps to reduce the power losses without affecting the maximum power transfer capacity as the circuit can be tuned back easily. Soft switched detuning control is designed and its effect on the power efficiency of the supply is analysed. Simulation results show that the proposed method can significantly reduce the standing losses making the contactless power supply practically more feasible to operate at no load or very lightly loaded conditions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Inductively Coupled Power Transfer (ICPT),Moving Sensors,Power Control,Soft Switching
A phase controlled variable inductor designed for frequency stabilization of current fed resonant converter power supplies	2003	IPEC 2003 - 6th International Power Engineering Conference	This paper presents a novel method of dynamically tuning a current-fed resonant converter to keep the operating frequency constant. A linear inductor is phase-controlled at different firing angles so that its equivalent inductance can vary smoothly from a fixed value to infinity. As a result of such control the resonant operation of the current-fed converter power supply can be dynamically tuned at a system level regardless of external disturbances and load changes. As for the local phase control of the inductor, ZCS (Zero Current Switching) technique is used to minimise the losses and stresses of the semiconductor switching devices. Simulation results show that the proposed method can maintain the operating frequency of the current-fed resonant converter approximately constant in a wide range of load and circuit parameter variations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	7	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Inductively Coupled Power Transfer (ICPT),Phase Control,Power Supplies,Resonant Power Conversion
Autonomous Decentralized Control for Formation of Multiple Mobile-Robots Considering Ability of Robot	2003	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	The studies about multiple mobile robots have been developed. Formation control is an important theme since it is applicable in various themes. "Leader-Following" strategy is a suitable method for controlling multiple mobile robots in formation. Because it is easy to control robots and to express a formation of robots. But in this strategy, it is difficult to consider the ability gap of a robot like human being. In respect of autonomous decentralized control, it is important to control robots in most suitable formation considering the ability of a robot. Each robot has to be controlled by each controller according to the ability. The purpose of this study is to control multiple mobile robots in formation considering the ability of a robot using "Leader-Following"strategy. At first, new idea which is called performance index is denned and new controller is proposed based on performance index. Second, compliance controller using a virtual repulsion is suggested in this paper, so that each robot can avoid collision. Finally simulation results show the validity of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ability of a Robot,Autonomous Decentralized Control,Collision Avoidance,Formation Control,Leader-Following Strategy,Performance Index
A novel intelligent technique for mobile robot navigation	2003	IEEE Conference on Control Applications - Proceedings	In this paper, we develop and implement a novel navigation algorithm for a mobile robot system combining a fuzzy-logic architecture with a Virtual Centrifugal Effect Algorithm (VCEA). The resulting navigation system endows the robot with the ability of negotiating an approaching obstacle, thus leading to a graceful and smooth avoidance behavior in a dynamic environment. This navigation system has been implemented on a real mobile robot, Koala, and tested in various environments. Experimental results are presented which demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	11	Control and Systems Engineering	Dynamic environments,Fuzzy logic,Goal-seeking,Mobile robots,Navigation system,Obstacle-avoidance,Virtual centrifugal effect algorithm (VCEA)
A neural-network approach to delivery time estimation for 300mm automatic material handling operations	2003	International Conference on Machine Learning and Cybernetics	This paper presents a neural-network-based approach for prediction of average delivery times of lots that move from one intrabay loop to the other in 300mm AMHS. A neural network model is developed for each intrabay AMHS. Inputs to the proposed neural network model are the combination of intrabay loadings, automated material handling resources, and ratios of priority lots against regular ones. A discrete-event simulation model based on the AMHS in a local 300mm fab is built. Its outputs are adopted as the inputs for training the neural network model with the back propagation method. This neural-network approach is applicable to implementing a transport time estimator in fab scheduling and dispatching functions in realizing fully automated 300mm manufacturing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence	300mm AMHS,Neural network
Solution of the manufacturing transport control using Petri nets	2003	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	An analysis of the transportation systems used in the flexible manufacturing systems is introduced in the paper. Based on the analysis a class of the transportation systems is delimited, whose modeling and control is the subject of the paper. Important property of those systems is unidirectional zone movements of the automatic guided vehicles and transport requirements occurring spontaneously during the work of the system. A special group of the colored Petri nets interpreted for control is used for the control specification. The Petri net helps to analyze the function of the transportation system and to write the control program.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	Colored Petri nets,Discrete event dynamic systems,Petri nets,Transportation systems in manufacturing
Reactive fuzzy dispatching rule for automated guided vehicles	2003	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	The Automated Manufacturing System (AMS) scheduling complexity increases with products customization, due dates, alternative routes and no foresee demand in the system. One of the important aspects in shop floor is to ensure that the parts will be at the right position and at the defined time. In this sense it's necessary to have a good transportation system witch allows flexibility and integration, considering a designed performance to the manufacturing system. AGVs have been used to reach this performance, but there is a serious problem for the dispatching rule definition. There are some dispatching techniques using single rule and composed ones, where the main idea is to consider a good performance for the entire manufacturing system. This work presents an approach for a definition of an AGV dispatching rule based on fuzzy logic, that considers the actual status of the manufacturing system and takes the decision on real time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	AGV dispatching,Automated guided vehicle,Automated manufacturing systems,Dispatching rule,Fuzzy systems
The SEP-approach to evaluate large-scale intelligent freight transport systems	2003	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	In this paper we present the SEP-approach, an approach to evaluate intelligent logistic systems and their control systems. The SEP-approach consists of four phases in which three types of models are used; Simulation, Emulation, and Prototypes, of control systems and logistic resources. In the first phase a simulation model is made of the physical logistic processes. A second simulation model is made containing the logic of the control systems. This simulated control system is used to control different models of the logistic resources throughout the entire SEP-approach. In the second phase emulation models- are made of the logistic resources. The emulated logistic resources are controlled by the simulated control system. In the third phase the simulated control system controls prototypes of logistic resources. In the fourth and final phase combinations of simulated, emulated, and prototype logistic resources are used simultaneously, all controlled by the simulated control system. This provides a 'rich ' test environment in which several aspects of the automated freight transport system can be studied, e.g. communication equipment, obstacle sensors, scheduling and routing of AGVs, and safety control systems. The SEP approach was successfully applied to evaluate Automated Guided Vehicles and material handling stations for the Underground Logistic System Schiphol. The ULS Schiphol is future large-scale automated logistic system in the Netherlands. By applying the SEP-approach the control systems and logistic resource designed for ULS Schiphol were evaluated before implementation and commissioning.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	Automated logistic systems,Emulation,Prototyping,Simulation,Testing
On-line scheduling for flexible manufacturing systems based on fuzzy logic	2003	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) have been designed to meet market requirements, that demand products that are quality and ready to deliver. In order to meet the market requirements, the methodologies used in the FMS scheduling must consider a highly dynamic environment, where it is often necessary to meet or to react to uncertain demands and to get better use of its resources. An on-line scheduling procedure based on fuzzy logic is proposed in this wo.rk, whose main characteristic is shop floor tasks scheduling using production rules of an expert to meet several measures of performance. A simulation study was carried out with the objective to verify the applicability of the proposed approach, using a simulation tool integrated with a Decision Making System (DMS) based on fuzzy logic.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	Decision making system,FMS,Fuzzy systems,On-line scheduling,Simulation
Holonic system architecture for scalable infrastructures	2003	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	In a previous paper Gruver, Kotak, van Leeuwen and Norrie proposed a Holonic Systems Architecture for manufacturing co-ordination. In another project Daimler-Chrysler demonstrated that a holonic approach resulted in significant improvements in productivity and robustness of their engine assembly line design and the technique was found to be scalable and could be implemented in a stepwise fashion. Presently NRC is examining the ways of evolving a hydrogen infrastructure for fuelling hydrogen in fuel cell vehicles. Such an infrastructure will need to be scalable, reliable and cost competitive. Therefore we chose to use the holonic approach for modelling and simulation of such an infrastructure, which presently does not exist and will initially be sparse and highly distributed. This paper describes the original design features of the holonic system architecture, the hydrogen infrastructure requirements and the enhancements we made to the architecture in the process of implementing the test application. We used a 3-D simulation technology to create a virtual hydrogen infrastructure, created holons to proxy its elements (i.e., hydrogen generation, storage and dispensing stations, vehicles and highways with alternate routes) and the interface between the virtual and holonic worlds. We systematically introduce holons which proxy real physical devices, to demonstrate how this architecture could be phased in from a virtual model to the physical world without changing the holonic control.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	Holon,Simulation,System architecture
Use of genetic algorithms to solve production and operations management problems: A review	2003	International Journal of Production Research	Operations managers and scholars in their search for fast and good solutions to real-world problems have applied genetic algorithms to many problems. While genetic algorithms are promising tools for problem solving, future research will benefit from a review of the problems that have been solved and the designs of the genetic algorithms used to solve them. This paper provides a review of the use of genetic algorithms to solve operations problems. Reviewed papers are classified according to the problems they solve. The basic design of each genetic algorithm is described, the shortcomings of the current research are discussed and directions for future research are suggested.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	195	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Selection of dispatching rules on multiple dispatching decision points in real-time scheduling of a semiconductor wafer fabrication system	2003	International Journal of Production Research	Semiconductor wafer fabrication involves one of the most complex manufacturing processes ever used. To control such complex systems, it is a challenge to determine appropriate dispatching strategies under various system conditions. Dispatching strategies are classified into two categories: a vehicle-initiated dispatching policy and a machine-initiated dispatching policy. Both policies are important to improve the system performance, especially for the real time control of the system. However, there has been little research focusing on combining them under various situations for the semiconductor manufacturing system. In addition, it is shown that no single dispatching strategy consistently dominates others in all situations. Therefore, the goal of this study is to develop a scheduler for selection of dispatching rules for dispatching decision variables in order to obtain the desired performance measures given by a user for each production interval. For the proposed methodology, simulation and competitive neural network approaches are used. The results of the study indicate that applying our methodology to obtaining a dispatching strategy is an effective method considering the complexity of semiconductor wafer fabrication systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	46	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Collaborative timed petri net for holonic process planning	2003	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	Holonic manufacturing system (HMS) is a paradigm based on cooperative multi-agent system theory to effectively configure resources to deal with uncertainties in today's manufacturing environment. Optimization of HMS is a challenging problem owing to the distributed multi-agent system architecture and sophisticated collaboration processes among agents. Direct application of contract net protocol is not feasible due to the lack of capabilities to model and compute the cost function of the complex production processes. This paper focuses on development of a framework to optimize the performance of HMS by extending the contract net protocol with timed Petri nets. By combining the capability of collaboration and coordination offered by contract net protocol with the advantages of Petri net theory in modeling and analysis of complex production processes, we propose a class of collaborative Petri net (CTPN) to adaptively model the holonic manufacturing processes and to optimize the throughput or works in process (WIP). An algorithm is proposed to facilitate the computation of the cost function based on CTPN models.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Contract net protocol,Holonic manufacturing systems,Multi-agent system,Petri net,Production planning
Modelling and analysis of wafer fabrication scheduling via generalized stochastic Petri net and simulated annealing	2003	International Journal of Production Research	Some of the important characteristics of the semiconductor wafer fabrication factories are re-entrant process flows, a dynamic and uncertain environment, stringent production control requirements, etc. that pose a major challenge to the scheduling decisions in integrated circuit wafer fabrication process. Keeping in view the high capital investment and quick response to the market changes, it is essential for the integrated circuit fabrication process to exercise effective control on its production operations so that production resources can be employed in a flexible and efficient manner. The present research has focussed on the development of a generalized stochastic Petri net model that faithfully captures dynamic behaviours such as re-entrant processing, machine failures, loading and unloading, etc., pertaining to wafer fabrication. A simulated annealing-based scheduling strategy using mean cycle time and tardiness as performance measures was also developed to obtain an efficient and robust schedule for a known hard problem. Analysis of variance was applied to examine the interaction effects of various scheduling rules and to identify the main as well as the interaction effects of dispatching rules, dispatching rules and set-up rules, and set-up rules and batching rules. Paired t-tests were applied to assess the performance of rule combinations for lot and batch scheduling. The proposed simulated annealing-based solution methodology was tested on a well-known data set adopted from the literature and its performance reveals that simulated annealing-based scheduling rules work better than existing rules in terms of the two performance measures mean cycle time and tardiness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	41	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Scheduling material handling vehicles in a container terminal	2003	Production Planning and Control	Increasing global trade has created the need for efficient container ports. The goal of the port is to move containers as quickly as possible and at the least possible cost. Goods that are delayed at the port are inevitably tardy when delivered to the customer, and thus sanctioned by late charges. Two key activities in the port are (i) unloading of containers from truck and then storage in the export area, and (ii) removal of containers from import storage and then loading onto the trucks. Since containers are large and heavy, specialized material handling vehicles are required for transporting them within the terminal. The focus of this paper is on port terminals where straddle carriers are primarily used to move containers. Container terminals typically have well developed computer and communication networks. Through these networks a terminal scheduler will control and schedule the movement of the straddle carrier fleet in real time. The objective of the terminal scheduler is to minimize the empty travel of straddle carriers, while at the same time minimizing any delays in servicing customers. This paper presents a straddle scheduling procedure that can be used by a terminal scheduler to control the movement of straddle carriers. At its core, the procedure is driven by an assignment algorithm that dynamically matches straddle carriers and trucks, as each becomes available. The procedures were developed and tested in collaboration with the largest container terminal operator in the Port of New York and New Jersey. Using a simulation model of the real system, the superiority of the proposed procedure over two alternative scheduling strategies is illustrated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	27	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container terminals,Straddle carrier,Vehicle scheduling
Dispatching and conflict-free routing of automated guided vehicles: An exact approach	2003	International Journal of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	This article presents an exact solution approach for the problem of the simultaneous dispatching and conflict-free routing of automated guided vehicles. The vehicles carry out material handling tasks in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). The objective is to minimize the costs related to the production delays. The approach is based on a set partitioning formulation. The proposed model is solved to optimality by a column generation method, which is embedded in a branch-and-cut exploration tree. The proposed model and solution methodology are tested on several scenarios with up to four vehicles in the manufacturing system. The results show that most of these scenarios can be solved to optimality in less than three minutes of computational time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	61	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Column generation,Material handling systems,Routing
Controlling mobile robots in distributed intelligent sensor network	2003	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	Mobile robots need sufficient sensors and information on the environment in order to navigate. In this paper, we propose a system of mobile robots, which is controlled in a distributed intelligent sensor network. In such a networked space, the environment is divided by distributed sensors. Each area is monitored by a distributed sensor device, which connects with other distributed sensor devices and robots throughout the network. As a result, the mobile robots are able to accomplish tasks simply by following orders from the sensor devices in the networked environment, although the mobile robots are not self-contained with information on the environment and sensors for self-positioning and control. We test several situations to verify the proposed system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	110	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed decision making,Intelligent networks,Mobile robots
Agent-based holonic design and operations environment for distributed manufacturing	2003	Computers in Industry	This paper describes a practical system framework for holonic design and operations in a distributed manufacturing environment using multi-agent systems (MASs) and simulation techniques. Three components are proposed and developed in this system: holonic control, virtual simulation, and human/system integration. With the common system goal as the objective, the holonic control, established upon the JADE™ platform in a distributed method, acts as the brain of the entire system. The virtual simulation simulates actions and operations of the physical devices under the holonic control. While the human/system integration facilitates human experts' interaction with the system to choose or override the system's holonic solution. A conceptual material transport system is developed to demonstrate and validate the proposed idea. These key attributes of holonic manufacturing system (HMS), such as robustness when faced with perturbation, autonomous, cooperation and coordination were tested and validated in this open and distributed environment. It shows that the proposed system can satisfy the agility, distribution, and robustness requirements. Crown Copyright  2003 Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	54	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Cooperation and coordination,Holonic manufacturing system,JADE,Multi-agent system,Virtual environment
A micro-AGV for flexible manufacturing in small enterprises	2003	Integrated Manufacturing Systems	The extensive development of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) over the last two decades is outlined, and a vehicle for use in small assembly processes such as electronic equipment manufacturing is described. This micro-AGV is intended for bench-top use, and is guided by wall sensors between workstations. Traction is provided by two stepper motors, which receive their signals through appropriate drivers from an on-board microcontroller. This device controls the vehicle in accordance with data stored in a non-volatile memory, representing the node locations of the workstations in the path. Graphs of speed and electricity consumption against stepper pulse length are presented, and the issue of battery life is discussed. Circuitry for the stepper driver and the microcontroller interface is given. Specific applications of the vehicle in the electronics manufacturing industry are discussed, and a design of processing environment is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Zimbabwe	10	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Manufacturing industry,Small firms,Zimbabwe
Analysis of Paper Roll Cycle Times	2003	Gatfworld	An analysis of paper roll cycle times, which is a critical contributor to overall productivity in any high volume web printing operation was presented. Three roll loading techniques to determine minimum required paper lengths for successful auto loading was studied. It was found that paper weight and reel diameter could significantly impact splicing cycle times, and also serve as benchmarks that printers could use to estimate their own requirements. Preparing reels at a central location, and using an automated guided vehicle (AGV) could also eliminate the 3.8 minuits erquired for preparation at the splicers.	Trade Journal	d	re	Review	Germany	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	None
Highly Efficient Contactless Electrical Energy Transmission System.	2003	IEEJ Transactions on Industry Applications	This paper proposes a new concept, for a contactless electrical energy transmission system for an elevator and an automated guided vehicle. The system has rechargeable, batteries on the car and electrical energy is supplied at a specific place. When electric power is supplied to the car, it runs automatically and approaches the battery charger. Therefore, a comparatively large gap is needed between the primary transformer at the battery charger and the secondary transformer on the car in order to prevent damage which would be caused by a collision. In this case, a drop of the transformer coupling rate due to the large gap must be prevented. In conventional contactless electrical energy transmission technology, since electric power is received by a pick-up coil from a power line, a large-sized transformer is required. And when the distance over which the car runs is long, the copper loss of the line also increases. The developed system adopts a high frequency inverter using a soft switching method to miniaturize the transformer. The system has a coupling rate of 0.88 for a transformer gap length of 10 mm and can operate at 91% efficiency.  2003, The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	13	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicle,C-I shaped transformer,contactless electrical energy transmission,elevator,soft switching
Evaluation of correlation methods applying neural networks	2003	Neural Computing and Applications	This paper deals with a new perception of classic correlation methods on the basis of neural nets. We present and examine neural nets that evaluate the similarity between two arbitrary vectors in a process of measurement or pattern recognition. Thus, classifying patterns by means of feature vectors is feasible just as by correlation methods. Furthermore, we show that the difference correlation procedure and the squared-distance correlation procedure can be presented directly as special cases of the neural methods. Using an example of a typical recognition problem and Gaussian-distributed measuring errors, computer simulations have yielded that neural and correlation procedures are almost identical in behaviour regarding the error rates. Consequently, the neural procedures presented can be understood as a generalisation of correlation procedures.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Software,Artificial Intelligence	Classification,Correlation methods,Neural networks,Pattern recognition,Pre-processing,Structure analogy
Navigation of decentralized autonomous automatic guided vehicles in material handling	2003	IEEE Transactions on Robotics and Automation	This paper presents a navigation methodology for decentralized autonomous automated guided vehicles used for material handling. The navigation methodology is based on behavior-based control augmented with multirobot coordination behaviors and a priori waypoint determination. Results indicate that the developed methodology fuses well between the desire for optimal vehicle routes on the one hand and decentralized reactive operation on the other.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	46	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Material handling,Mobile robot,Multirobot cooperation
Optimally locating multiple dwell points in a single loop guide path system	2003	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	Dwell points for idle vehicles affect the performance of automated guided vehicle systems. An exact polynomial-time algorithm to solve idle vehicle positioning problems in both unidirectional and bidirectional single loop systems is developed to minimize the maximum response time. The proposed algorithm considers several potential locations for the first dwell point and applies a dynamic programming procedure to obtain the remaining dwell points for each initial location. The algorithm is streamlined by applying certain optimality properties. Computational results show that the algorithm can solve large-scale problems in reasonable time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	11	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Virtual cell formation	2003	International Journal of Production Research	The concept of a virtual cellular manufacturing system (VCMS), which operates very much like a traditional cellular manufacturing system (CMS), has attracted considerable attention in recent years. Unlike traditional cellular manufacturing systems, virtual cellular manufacturing systems are most suitable in production environments that experience frequent product mix changes. Whereas, in traditional CMS, the shop floor configuration is fixed, in VCMS the shop floor configuration changes in response to changes in product mix over time. Therefore, the life of a given shop floor configuration continues as long as the product mix remains relatively unchanged. Furthermore, whereas in traditional cellular manufacturing systems, a machine cell occupies a contiguous region of the shop floor, the same is not necessarily true with virtual cells. Virtual manufacturing cells are simply logical cells in which the machines belonging to the same cell need not occupy the same contiguous area. Because cell members are logical instead of physical, machines in a cell can be at any location on the floor. In this paper, we present a methodology for designing virtual manufacturing cells.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	46	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Analysis of dynamic dispatching rules for a flexible manufacturing system	2003	Journal of Materials Processing Technology	This paper presents a simulation model of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) which subjects to minimization three performance criteria simultaneously such as mean flow time, mean tardiness, and mean earliness. The dispatching rule will be changed at a frequency that is varied by the number of outputs produced by the system. Therefore, the dynamic nature is event-triggered rather than changing the rule at a regular time interval, which is passive. Three indexes are calculated to represent the three criteria under monitoring and the indexes are ranked in descending order: the greater the index, the worse is the situation of the criterion in the system. Thus, an appropriate rule will be selected for the next operation in order to tackle that criterion with the largest index. This mechanism is so called pre-emptive method. Furthermore, the indexes can be biased so that particular criterion can have a greater weighting as set by the decision-maker. Results show that a solution (range of frequency) can always be determined to change the dispatching rule so that the system is better than just using fixed FMS scheduling rule.  2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	51	Ceramics and Composites,Computer Science Applications,Metals and Alloys,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dispatching,Dynamic scheduling,Flexible manufacturing systems,Pre-emptive,Simulation
Robotic tactile recognition of pseudo-random encoded objects	2003	Conference Record - IEEE Instrumentation and Measurement Technology Conference	This paper discusses a model-based method for the blind tactile recognition of 3D objects. Object surfaces are permanently encoded using distinct geometric symbols embossed on object surfaces with the terms of a "pseudo-random array, "(PRA). The PRA window property allows identifying the absolute coordinates of the investigated surface area within the encoding PRA. Knowing how different object-models were originally mapped on the PRA allows recovering the identity of the touched object by a simple consultation of the data-base storing this mapping.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Multi-agent based simulator with high fidelity virtual sensors	2003	Conference Record - IEEE Instrumentation and Measurement Technology Conference	Nowadays the distributed implementation of measurement/data processing/control systems is gaining importance. This process is driven by application domain needs. Wide variety of applications (e.g. mobile-robotic, intelligent vehicle, autonomous-guided-vehicle systems) can be modelled as a collection of interacting, highly autonomous, complex dynamical systems (entities). In these application domains each individual entity has a unique range of possible interactions with its environment and should rely on its own "information gathering" methods to understand its environment. This characteristic puts emphasis on sensing and sensory data interpretation. The resulting sensor data interpretation problem demands sophisticated evaluation/test environments, which incorporate high-fidelity sensor models. The paper describes a multi-agent real-time simulation framework, which allows high-fidelity virtual sensors (incl. imaging sensors) to be incorporated in the experiments. The resulting tool provides reproducibility, full control of the environment and a flexible mix of real and virtual components in simulation experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Unidirectional AGV guidepath network design: A heuristic algorithm	2003	International Journal of Production Research	In an AGV system, the design of the guidepath network is one of the most important factors that determine the system effectiveness. Many alternative guidepath design schema have been introduced in the literature. However, the methods generally address the static production environment where the product mix or machine routings are assumed to be stable over time. In today's dynamic production systems with small lot sizes and short product cycles, the assumption of an unchanging product mix over an extended period is unrealistic in some situations. Considerable system inefficiency can be introduced when a network designed under the assumption of a stable product mix is used when indeed the product mix has changed. To avoid this kind of hidden source of inefficiency, what is needed is a tool that can recognize when a previously designed network is inappropriate for a new product mix and then uses the new product routing information to reconfigure a new network appropriate for the new production condition. A heuristic algorithm for the design of AGV guidepath in an environment with changing product mix is proposed here. The algorithm not only makes it possible to adapt the system network as the product mix changes, but also produces new designs at reasonably short computational time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	34	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
The effect of material flow and workload on the performance of machine location heuristics	2003	European Journal of Operational Research	Depending on the problem structure and routing strategies a machine location problem plays an important role in controlling the material flow of work-in-process in discrete product manufacturing environment. In this paper we investigate the effect of material flow and workload on the performance of heuristics for solving an important design problem for job routing and material flow in a manufacturing system. In this research we first develop a model for workload or traffic intensity between machines in a shop floor and then identify different structures of the problems, especially the data. This measure is then used to evaluate the effect of workload on efficiency of the heuristics to solve machine location problems. Some concluding remarks are made on to the effect of the workload or the traffic intensity of materials within the machine cell on the performance of some known heuristics. Conclusions are also made on the performance measures such as makespan, transporter utilization and machine utilization, depending on the problem and data structures.  2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Heuristics,Job routing,Machine location,Material flow,Performance,Workload
An Evaluative Study of Operation Grouping Policies in an FMS	2003	International Journal of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	The increased use of flexible manufacturing systems to provide customers with diversified products efficiently has created a significant set of operational challenges for managers. This technology poses a number of decision problems that need to be solved by researchers and practitioners. In the literature, there have been a number of attempts to solve design and operational problems. Special attention has been given to machine loading problems, which involve the assignment of job operations and allocation of tools and resources to optimize specific measures of productivity. Most existing studies focus on modeling the problem and developing heuristics in order to optimize certain performance metrics rather than on understanding the problem and the interaction between the different factors in the system. The objective of this paper is to study the machine loading problem. More specifically, we compare operation aggregation and disaggregation policies in a random flexible manufacturing system (EMS) and analyze its interaction with other factors such as routing flexibility, sequencing flexibility, machine load, buffer capacity, and alternative processing-time ratio. For this purpose, a simulation study is conducted and the results are analyzed by statistical methods. The analysis of results highlights the important factors and their levels that could yield near-optimal system performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	20	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Aggregation and disaggregation policies,Flexibility,Flexible manufacturing systems,Operation grouping
Application of net reduction to feedback controller design of petri nets	2003	Ruan Jian Xue Bao/Journal of Software	The problem of constructing a Petri net feedback controller, which enforces the conjunction of a set of linear inequalities on the reachable marking of the plant modeled by Petri net, is discussed. A new net reduction--HMSNR (holding marking sum net reduction), is presented, which fuses all the constrained places into one place whose marking is equal to the sum of the markings of the constrained places. The net reduction eases design of controller and holds remarkable advantage especially for the systems with large scale. The method is proved to be simpler and more efficient than the method presented by Moody, et al., using an applied instance that is also used by Moody, et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Software	DES (discrete event system),Net reduction,Petri net,Supervisory control
Manufacturing system development framework using a data models driven approach	2003	International Journal of Production Research	We report on a data models driven approach for the development of a manufacturing system framework. Relational data schemes are used for the creation of data models. A modular approach is adopted for the creation of complex manufacturing system configurations. Each module is created by selecting the appropriate resources from the data models and is represented as a standard module template in the module library for future use. Several modules can be integrated together through an automated guided vehicles system to model a complex manufacturing system. Each module is autonomous in creating and executing its plans, but cooperative with other modules to realize the system's overall goals. For effective control of parts in the system, an event-based simulation strategy is implemented. The developed algorithm can resolve the situations arising due to any deadlock or conflict during a simulation run. System data tables are regularly updated as and when an event occurs in the system. The updated information includes machine status, part location and status, and capacity status, etc. of all parts and resources. A case study comprising eight part types with five different flow patterns in a three-module system is taken to show the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Transshipment of containers at a container terminal: An overview	2003	European Journal of Operational Research	At container terminals, containers are transshipped from one mode of transportation to another. Within a terminal different types of material handling equipment are used to transship containers from ships to barges, trucks and trains and vice versa. Over the past decades, ships have strongly increased in size, up to 8000 TEU (Twenty feet equivalent unit container). In order to use these big ships efficiently, the docking time at the port must be as small as possible. This means that large amounts of containers have to be loaded, unloaded and transshipped in a short time span, with a minimum use of expensive equipment. This paper gives a classification of the decision problems that arise at container terminals. For various decision problems, an overview of relevant literature is presented. Quantitative models from this literature, which try to solve the problems are discussed. Finally, some general conclusions and subjects for further research are given.  2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	504	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Container terminal,Literature overview,Logistics,Material handling equipment
Estimating total distance for hauling import and export containers	2003	Journal of Transportation Engineering	This paper introduces a planning model to estimate the total distance traveled by prime movers in transporting import and export containers between a port, warehouses, and container yards. The total distance includes the empty trip distances traveled by the prime movers, which occur between jobs of towing containers. As the actual data of empty trips and their distances are often difficult to obtain, the gravity model has been used in the estimation process. This model has been applied to estimate the total distance traveled by all of the prime movers in Singapore, based on the existing container volume, port locations, terminal capacities, land use pattern, and road network. Comparison has also been made with a hypothetical scenario where all of the port operations are consolidated into a single terminal. The results show that, if the container ports near the central business district are shifted to a megaterminal nearer to the major industrial zones, approximately 4.9-6.8% savings in the total distance traveled could be achieved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	2	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container shipping,Freight transportation,Imports and exports,Ports
A 5/3-approximation algorithm for scheduling vehicles on a path with release and handling times	2003	Information Processing Letters	In this paper we study a particular type of vehicle routing problem that arises in the context of scheduling an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in the Flexible Manufacturing paradigm. Here we consider the problem of scheduling the vehicle when the sites are located on a path and the depot is at some arbitrary location. The objective is to determine the schedule with minimum completion time such that each site is visited only after its release time and handling times are taken into consideration. We provide a 5/3-approximation algorithm for the same. This improves the previous approximation ratio of 2 due to Karuno, Nagamochi and Ibaraki [Ann. Oper. Res. 69 (1997) 193-207].  2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	20	Theoretical Computer Science,Signal Processing,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Approximation algorithms,Design of algorithms
Performance of two real time control strategies for AGV systems: A case study	2003	European Control Conference, ECC 2003	2003 EUCA.Real time control of material handling devices is essential to guarantee efficiency and flexibility of automated manufacturing systems. This paper presents a performance based comparison of two control policies previously presented by one of the authors to avoid deadlock and collisions in zone controlled Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVSs). Coloured Timed Petri Nets are used to model the dynamics of AGVSs and implement the control strategies stemming from the knowledge of the system state. Several simulations of an AGVS with varying fleet size show the effectiveness of one of the considered control strategies compared to the alternative policy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle systems,Coloured timed Petri nets,Deadlock avoidance,Discrete event simulation,Real time control
Incorporating heterogeneous distance metrics within block layout design	2003	International Journal of Production Research	This paper focuses on optimal design of block layouts when using more than one distance metric within a single facility. Previous work in block layout has assumed a single distance metric, usually the shortest rectilinear distance between department centroids, during the design step. However, most facilities have more than one method of material handling and alternative material handling systems can imply alternative distance metrics and cost structures. Specifically, up to three distance metrics within a single facility are considered - the shortest rectilinear distance between centroids (appropriate for automated guided vehicles and fork-lift trucks), the Tchebychev (maximum) distance (appropriate for overhead cranes) and the shortest Euclidean distance between centroids (appropriate for conveyor lines). Optimal block layouts using each of these distance metrics individually and then collectively are compared and contrasted. This approach can also be used to compare layouts when the choice of material handling system is not clear. It is argued that incorporating the distance metric that best reflects the planned material handling device is more realistic than previous formulations, avoids block layouts that are sub-optimal for the material handling systems installed, and is quite workable within a heuristic optimization framework.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	6	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Improving workplace material handling through consolidation of cribs and a dispatching system	2003	Integrated Manufacturing Systems	The lost time arising from travelling and waiting of the production operators and manufacturing inspectors at the tool and gauge crib counters can be considerable in a large manufacturing plant. This travelling and waiting time can be eliminated or minimized by consolidating the tool and gauge cribs near the master crib, extending the totebox system and providing a dispatching system. In the proposed system the tools and gauges will be delivered at the workstation by the dispatchers. The new system would improve the utilization of the tool and gauge crib attendant's time and reduce the tool and gauge inventory. The case problem revealed that a net annual labor cost saving of about $320,600 and a saving of $242,100 from the reduction of tool and gauge inventory could be achieved. The additional floor space requirement would be about 1,700sq. ft and the implementation cost would be about $144,500.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	1	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Improvement,Manufacturing,Materials handling
Dynamic scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems using neural networks and inductive learning	2003	Integrated Manufacturing Systems	Dispatching rules are usually applied dynamically to schedule jobs in flexible manufacturing systems. Despite their frequent use, one of the draw backs that they display is that the state the manufacturing system is in dictates the level of performance of the rule. As no rule is better than all the other rules for all system states, it would be highly desirable to know which rule is the most appropriate for each given condition, and to this end this paper proposes a scheduling approach that employs inductive learning and backpropagation neural networks. Using these latter techniques, and by analysing the earlier performance of the system, "scheduling knowledge" is obtained whereby the right dispatching rule at each particular moment can be determined. A module that generates new control attributes is also designed in order to improve the "scheduling knowledge" that is obtained. Simulation results show that the proposed approach leads to significant performance improvements over existing dispatching rules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	14	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems,Learning,Neural networks,Scheduling,Simulation
Cyclic deadlock prediction and avoidance for zone-controlled AGV system	2003	International Journal of Production Economics	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are now becoming popular in automated materials handling systems, flexible manufacturing systems and even containers handling applications at seaports. Its performance affects the efficiency of the entire system. Deadlock formation is a serious problem as it stalls the AGVS. The objective of this paper is to develop an efficient AGV deadlock prediction and avoidance algorithm for container port operations. Deadlock in a broad sense is a situation in which at least a part of the system stalls. There are a lot of situations in which the system may stall and most of these situations can be avoided through the control and navigation system. This paper discusses the development of an efficient strategy for predicting and avoiding the deadlocks in a large scale AGVS A variety of deadlock-detecting algorithms are available, but these methods work mainly for manufacturing system where the network layout is simple and uses only a small number of AGVs. The AGVS under study has complex layout and involves close to 80 AGVs. The proposed solution is implemented using the Automod simulation software, and the performance of the technique is presented. Simulation shows that all the potential deadlock situations can be detected and avoided via this methodology. Also, the proposed strategy is computationally efficient and is able to provide the movement decision to the vehicles within the 1.5-s sampling time.  2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	48	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Container port,Cycle detection method,Deadlock prediction
An arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian finite element method for interactions of airflow and a moving AGV in a cleanroom	2003	Finite Elements in Analysis and Design	The motions of the airflow induced by the movement of an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in a cleanroom are numerically studied. This subject is an important issue of microcontamination control for the semiconductor process. The characteristics of the airflow induced by the movement of the AGV are dynamic and are classified as a type of moving boundary problems. An arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian finite element method with moving meshes is adopted to analyze this problem. Two different moving velocities of the AGV and two different positions of the wafer cassette under Reynolds number Re = 500 are considered in details. The results show that the recirculation zones, which inhibit removing microcontaminants, are observed around the AGV and wafer cassette, and the formations of recirculation zones are remarkably dependent upon the moving velocity of the AGV and the position of the wafer cassette. These phenomena are remarkably different from those of a moving AGV regarded as a stationary one.  2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Analysis,Engineering (all),Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Applied Mathematics	None
Optimal routing of multiple-load AGV subject to LIFO loading constraints	2003	Computers and Operations Research	When simple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) having no random access load transfer mechanism are used for carrying multiple loads between workstations, the loads cannot be handled independently. This paper considers the case when loads are placed in flat pallets and each new picked up pallet is loaded on the top of batch of pallets already carried by the AGV. To avoid use of excessive space and time needed to reorder pallets in the batch, the loading-unloading procedures should be performed in accordance with last-in-first-out (LIFO) rule. In this paper we formulate the condition of existence of AGV routes in which, it visits each workstation only once and meets LIFO constraint. We also suggest an algorithm for finding the shortest one among such routes. Examples are provided to illustrate the performance of the algorithm. The loads transfer task is defined by an oriented graph G = (V,E) in which vertices vi (1 ≤ i ≤ N) correspond to loading/unloading nodes in a network. Arc (vi, vj) ∈ E corresponds to existence of load to be transferred from node vi to node vj. The distance between each pair of nodes is defined by a matrix D = {d(vi, vj), I ≤ i ≤ N, l ≤ j ≤ N}. An autonomous agent has to deliver loads in accordance with graph G. The loads are stored in the stack of the agent and are loaded and unloaded using last-in-first-out (LIFO) rule. To fulfill the transfer task the agent has to pass through all the existing vertices in some order that ensures that for each arc (vi, vj) ∈ E vertex vi is visited before vertex vj. Conditions of existence of a sequence of vertices which allow all the loads to be transferred without violating LIFO rule and visiting each vertex only once are formulated. An algorithm for finding the shortest tour meeting LIFO constraints is developed. The possible applications of the algorithm are scheduling automated guided multiple load vehicles or routing autonomous intelligent agents with stack memory organization in computer network.  2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	30	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicle,Autonomous agent,Last-in-first-out rule,Optimal routing
An agent-based transportation route planning method for led fabricating line and its evaluation using Lagrangian relaxation	2003	JSME International Journal, Series C: Mechanical Systems, Machine Elements and Manufacturing	In most of Light Emitting Diode (LED) semiconductor fabricating line, AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) are used to transport the products between the facilities in order to ensure dust-free operation in the transportation systems. It has been demanded to realize the route planning system which speedily derives a feasible transportation route so that each AGV does not interfere with other AGVs. In this paper, we applied an agent-based optimization method for the route planning problems with multiple AGVs in LED fabricating bay in which the total transportation time is minimized. In the agent-based method, each AGV agent independently searches its candidate of route. The imitated pheromone is effectively used to generate the route which avoids the collision among AGVs. In order to evaluate the performance of the proposed method, the lower bound of the original problem is obtained by using the Lagrangian relaxation technique. The performances of the proposed method are evaluated by using the value of duality gap for a large scale problem. The effectiveness of the agent-based optimization method is demonstrated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	5	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Auto guided vehicle,LED fabricating line,Pheromone communication Lagrangian relaxation,Route planning
Connecting transport AMHS in a wafer fab	2003	International Journal of Production Research	Automated material handling system (AMHS) plays a significant role in wafer fabrication. In this paper, a new concept of an automated material handling system in a 300mm wafer fabrication, called the connecting transport AMHS, is proposed. It can accomplish the wafer moving tasks by using different types of vehicles between bays and, within each bay, by a single system with interconnected lines. In the connecting transport system, the time that is spent waiting for an empty vehicle is eliminated effectively, and the WIP level can be reduced. Four different vehicle types are found and their operational issues are also discussed. Furthermore, three different combinations of vehicles are found and the AMHS for a 300 mm wafer fab can be one of the above three methods, or any mixture of these methods. A simple mathematical model is used to determine the minimum number of vehicles for the different connecting transports.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	36	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Role of laser sensor systems in automation and flexible manufacturing	2003	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	New industries and production plants require a flexible system, which is capable of picking up objects of various shapes, weights, and colors with arbitrary position and orientation. Such a system also needs recognition and guiding sub-systems. The recognition system includes target function for the recognition sub-system and relation between object characteristics and recognition target. The laser sensor system can be used for such object recognition. Wire-based telemetry and control systems can cause many problems in shop floors and factories, and so there has been a strong growth of interest in wireless guidance like vehicles equipped with laser guiding and navigation systems. For the continuous measurements of parameters such as temperature, etc. optical laser sensor technology seems to become more applicable at this stage. This article describes the operational principles and the use of the most advanced laser sensor systems for quantity measurements, guiding, navigation, pattern recognition, and vision systems for inspection purposes. A variety of laser-based sensors, which can be used as sensing devices in manufacturing, and production technology, are described in this study. Adaptive cruise control systems that can be used in automobile industry to monitor distance and speed are described in this report. As a typical example, the principal operation of a laser guided mobile robot using a laser navigation system is also described.  2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Computer,Flexible,Laser sensor,Manufacturing,Robot system
Development of advanced parking assistance system	2003	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	This paper is the first to apply a multilevel driver assistance system in the development of a system to aid in the parking process. The development of this system is described within the iCAN (intelligent CAr Navigation Systems) project framework. A parking assistance system, parking administration system, and employed sensor system are described. The general architecture of a driver assistance system based on path planning and human-machine interface (HMI) modules is proposed. The paper follows describing the parking assistance system development using this architecture. The parking possibility region-based path-planning method proposed for implementing the proposed architecture is described, as is the design of the system's HMI. A prototype of the parking assistance system based on the proposed architecture was constructed. The adopted hardware, software, and implementation solutions in this prototype construction are described. Finally, the results of lane and row parking experiments conducted using the prototype system are shown.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	83	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Driver assistance systems,Human-machine interface (HMI),Parking assistance system
Concepts for dynamic obstacle avoidance and their extended application in underground navigation	2003	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	An effective approach to dynamic obstacle avoidance for mobile robots is described in this paper. The main concepts in this approach include local Polar Object Chart (POC) for defining possible ways out, obstacle definition, detour mode, anchor for preventing getting lost, steering delimiting and velocity delimiting. The presented concepts and methods were tested and verified both by simulations and experiments on a developed prototype industrial Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). This paper also presents the extended application of some of the concepts in underground navigation.  2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle,Mobile robot,Obstacle avoidance,Underground navigation
Integrated design for routing and network in AGV systems using co-evolution	2003	Proceedings - 2003 IEEE International Conference on Robotics, Intelligent Systems and Signal Processing, RISSP 2003	2003 IEEE.Integrated design process for automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems is proposed in this paper. There are two problems to design AGV systems: transporter routings and flow-path network. These two should be solved at the same time, because one problem depends on the other. This issue is solved with cooperative co-evolution in this paper. Both problems are represented as different species and genetic algorithm is applied to them. AGV systems are evaluated through simulations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Human-Computer Interaction,Signal Processing,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,flow-path design,transporter routing
Application of fuzzy control method to AGV	2003	Proceedings - 2003 IEEE International Conference on Robotics, Intelligent Systems and Signal Processing, RISSP 2003	2003 IEEE.The control arithmetic for AGV (automated guided vehicle) was studied by self-adjusting fuzzy control technology and a fuzzy controller, which took a single chip as its core, was developed. The fuzzy controller was tested for AGV and the results indicated that the fuzzy control arithmetic satisfied the requirement of AGV and the AGV could follow the given reference trace with higher precision.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Human-Computer Interaction,Signal Processing,Artificial Intelligence	None
A dispatching method for automated guided vehicles by using a bidding concept	2003	OR Spectrum	A dispatching method is suggested for automated guided vehicles by using an auction algorithm. The dispatching method in this study is different from traditional dispatching rules in that it looks into the future for an efficient assignment of delivery tasks to vehicles and also in that multiple tasks are matched with multiple vehicles. The dispatching method in this study is distributed in the sense that the dispatching decisions are made through communication among related vehicles and machines. The theoretical rationale behind the distributed dispatching method is also discussed. Through a simulation study, the performance of the method is compared with that of a popular dispatching rule.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	22	Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicle,Distributed dispatching method,Simulation
Supervisory control for closed agv systems with dynamic vehicle routing	2003	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  IFAC Robot Control, Wroclaw, Poland, 2003.The paper concerns closed AGV systems with bidirectional guidepath network, unidirectional vehicles, zone control for avoiding collisions, and dynamic route planning. An AGVS is represented as a DES (Discrete Event System) that models the feasible system dynamics. We study the problem of the system liveness and associate this properly with the permanent ability of the vehicles to attain any edge in the network. Jn order to provide the required admissible behavior we define a supervisor, and, using the liveness conditions obtained in our earlier work, we develop algorithms for the supervisory control. An optimal (maximally permissive) policy for guarding the event occurrence is proposed for systems with biconnected network, and a suboptimal policy for the general case of the network structure.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	1	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV system,Deadlock avoidance,Supervisory control
Parallel tabu search for a pickup and delivery problem under track contention	2003	Parallel Computing	This article introduces the Pickup and Delivery Problem under Track Contention, a particular vehicle routing problem in which loads have to be transported between origin-destination pairs by means of vehicles travelling along a capacitated network. Two sequential heuristics and a parallel tabu search are proposed. Computational experiments show that the parallel tabu search is able to find much better solutions than the sequential procedures, although this comes at the expense of a higher computing time.  2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	13	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Artificial Intelligence	Metaheuristics,Parallel computing,Pickup and delivery problem
Solution of the manufacturing transportation control using Petri Nets	2003	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	2003 IFAC.An analysis of the transportation systems used in the flexible manufacturing systems is introduced in the paper. Based on the analysis a class of the transportation systems is delimited, whose modeling and control is the subject of the paper. Important property of those systems is unidirectional zone movements of the automatic guided vehicles and transport requirements occurring spontaneously during the work of the system. A special group of the colored Petri nets interpreted for control is used for the control specification. The Petri net helps to analyze the function of the transportation system and to write the control program.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Colored Petri nets,Discrete event dynamic systems,Petri nets,Transportation systems in manufacturing
Agent based periodic control of an AGV system in dynamic transportation	2003	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	2003 SICE.In this paper, we propose a periodic control strategy for the assignment of the tasks to several AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) in dynamic transportation. In the proposed method, all of the transportation tasks that arrive at a time are collected during a given time period and an efficient scheme of the assignment is generated by the optimization procedure, that has to be completely executed during the next period. An meta-heuristic algorithm called pheromone communication method is adopted as an optimization method for minimizing the traveling time of AGVs while maintaining a short computation time. In our study, the optimal number of collecting new tasks is investigated by changing the various timing of sending the requests to AGVs in the numerical experiments. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated by comparing the total throughput of an AGV system with that of the conventional method for a large scale transportation bay.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agent based system,AGV system,Flexible manufacturing system,Periodic control,Pheromone communication,Transportation control
Designing guide-path networks for automated guided vehicle system by using the Q-learning technique	2003	Computers and Industrial Engineering	This paper suggests a Q-learning technique for designing guide-path networks for automated guided vehicle systems. This study uses the total travel time as the decision criteria for constructing guide-path layouts. The Q-learning technique is applied to the estimation of the travel time of vehicles on each segment of the guide-path. Computational experiments were performed to evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm. The simulation results showed that the proposed algorithm is superior to Kim and Tanchoco's (1993) in terms of average travel time, interference time, and number of deliveries.  2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	10	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle system,Beam search,Guide-path network design,Q-learning
Continuous scheduling of AGVs in a mesh-like path topology	2003	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2003 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicles (or AGVs for short) are becoming an important option in container terminals for transferring containers. Based on a mesh routing algorithm, this paper presents two efficient methods for scheduling a large number of AGVs continuously and concurrently in an n /spl times/ n mesh-like path topology, while ensuring congestion-freedom during the moves of vehicles. By comparison of both methods, we obtain sufficient conditions for achieving high system performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	5	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Agent-based material flow	2003	Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science	A case study aimed at modeling component-based software architectures and specifcation of applications with mobile soft- and hardware is reported. The case study specifies the control software for automated guided vehicles that realize the materials flow in a configurable production system. Specific problems demonstrated by the study include designing software components in an embedded system and communication issues in a distributed system. A component-based approach is chosen in the case study to support system evolution.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Motion control via telecommunication networks: Random time delays and a simple stability design	2003	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2003 IFAC.Motion control and navigation via telecommunications networks as well as the control of other dynamical systems recently again came in the focus by a number of authors world-wide. It has been subject to extensive investigation because of remote motion control applications, and also because of the impact of random time delays caused by telecommunication networking, e.g., Internet. The most essential phenomenon in implementing remote control via Internet networking is that of a random, rime varying pure time delay. In turn, this phenomenon gives rise to the issue of closed-loop stability which may cause control performance deterioration, and even instability brake down of such control systems. Within the limitations of using linear models of the dynamics of controlled object - remote motion control process m open-loop system, a tbrough design analysis is feasible and has been elaborated m the course of our research. In order to ensure the system stability, the maximum expected time-delay phenomenon must be observed at design stage of the control system Hence the main design conclusion is to ensure that system parameters be adjusted according to the maximum expected delay distributions always.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Automatic control,Design analysis,Internet,Motion control,Random telecommunications time deiay,Remote control,Stability
Instrumentatlon and localisation in quasi-structured environments for AGV positioning	2003	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2003 IFACThis communication addresses the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) positioning issue. A summarised state-of-the-art section is included and the dead-reckoning algorithm is analysed with a support on a triangulation scheme. This scheme is based on ultrasonic sensors or electromagnetic wave transmitter/receiver antennas sets. Simulation results for AGV movement to validate the control system efficiency and implementation issues of work in progress are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Control applications. Simulation. Electronic applications,Electric vehicles,Robot navigation. Autonomous mobile robots
Off-line AGV routing on the 2D mesh topology with partial permutation	2003	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2003 IEEE.In this paper, we consider the routing issue for the AGV system in the Large Scalable Flexible Manufacturing System (LSFMS). After we study the existing mature techniques in the packet routing and analyze the differences between the AGV routing and packet routing model, especially on the mesh topology, we propose an off-line algorithm for AGV routing on the 2D mesh layout with partial permutation. The running time of our routing algorithm is 2n + o(n) steps for an n x n mesh layout, which is almost optimal in the worst case.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	2	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
ATS/AGV-design, implementation and evaluation of a high performance AGV	2003	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2003 IEEE.Within the framework of a full scale hardware-in-the-loop intelligent vehicle simulator called VEHIL, an automatic guided vehicle is developed in order to simulate traffic participants. This vehicle, called ATS/AGV, is based on a four wheel drive and four wheel steer concept which allows for a high handling performance in combination with the ability to carry out very complex manoeuvres. A structured design methodology appears to be essential to a cost and time effective design and technical specification of the AGV. This design methodology is strongly based on a dynamic model of the AGV which incorporates essential dynamics and nonlinearities, the latter mainly arising from the tyre-road contact behaviour. The other important aspect is the application often rig experiments. Within this design methodology, the development of the path control system takes place in an early stage and is carried out in close cooperation with the mechanical hardware specification. This makes the AGV a truly mechatronic product. Experiments show that ATS/AGV is capable of executing complex manoeuvres with a high dynamic performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	10	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Perturbation Analysis to set the number of automated guided vehicles in a flexible manufacturing system	2003	International Conference on Control and Automation	By using perturbation analysis on a simulation model of a flexible manufacturing system, this paper proposes a procedure to size this system in order to maximize its productivity. This procedure is based on the identification of the function between flowtime (i.e., the flowtime for each product is computed as the delay between its completion time and its arrival time) and the decision variable, here the number of automated vehicles in the system. A formal evaluation of the performance gradient in each point of the simulation model is then possible.  2003 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering	None
The application of AS/RS and AGV in Taiwan	2003	International Journal of Manufacturing Technology and Management	This article presents the trend and application of AS/RS and AGV in Taiwan, and the number of deployment in various industries are demonstrated and compared. It can be seen that the electronic industry employs more AS/RS and AGV than others. The application of AS/RS and AGV in distribution centres is also discussed. The ongoing program of Asia-Pacific Regional Operation Center is believed to require even more material handling equipment, therefore, a prosperous era can be expected.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,AS/RS,Asia-pacifica regional operation center,CIM,FMS
An omni-vision based self-localization method for soccer robot	2003	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2003 IEEE.An omni vision based new triangulation method for localizing a mobile robot or intelligent vehicle in an environment with landmarks is proposed in this paper. Our vision program can identify some landmarks from the image, then the triangulation method estimates the robot's position and orientation in the environment coordinates, just using the view angle to these landmarks. A RoboCup middle size league soccer robot is chosen to test the algorithm, experimental results are provided.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	10	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Design and real-time implementation of a control system for port AGV application	2003	Proceedings of IEEE International Symposium on Computational Intelligence in Robotics and Automation, CIRA	2003 IEEE.This article presents the design and real-time implementation of a control system for an Automated Ground Vehicle (AGV) (similar to that shown in Figure 1 from [2]) for use in port application. The control system consists of a Navigation System (NS) and a communication system (CS) that link the NS to the host computer. The design and development took about 4 years to complete of which 1.5 years were spent on the site trial testing of the design. The final design provides a AGV system with an accuracy of about +1 cm. In this paper, we describes the overall system approach of the NS design and highlights the use of H<inf>∞</inf> loop-shaping method for controller design and Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) for estimator design of the position sensors. The issues related to the implementation of the design using real-time embedded software are also discussed. We conclude the paper by presenting sample test results from the extensive site trials conducted. These trial results verify and demonstrate achieved system performance in term of position accuracy and maneuvers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Computational Mathematics	None
Model Selection for Simulation Design: A Multiobjective Decision Analysis Approach with an Application to Simulating Transport Agents	2003	SIMULATION	This article reviews the characteristics of the model selection problem for simulation software or analyses and presents a multiobjective decision analysis approach for model selection that addresses these characteristics. The approach is illustrated with an application to selecting a modeling approach for simulating transport agents. The authors discovered that using multiobjective decision analysis for model selection can assist decision makers in more fully understanding all aspects of the simulation design problem and can uncover insights into the particular simulation project being designed.  2003, SAGE Publications. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	model selection,Multiobjective decision analysis,simulation design selection,transport agents
Design of manufacturing cells in the presence of alternative cell locations and material transporters	2003	Journal of the Operational Research Society	This paper addresses two significant issues in the design of cellular manufacturing (CM) systems: (i) the availability of alternative locations for a cell, and (ii) the use of alternative routes to move part loads between cells when the capacity of the material transporter (MT) employed is limited. In addition, several other important factors in the design of CM systems including machine capacity limitations, batches of part demands, non-consecutive operations of parts, and maximum number of machines assigned to a cell are considered. A nonlinear programming model, comprised of binary and general integer variables, is formulated for the research problem. A higher-level heuristic solution algorithm based upon a concept known as 'tabu search' is presented for solving industry-size problems. Six different versions of the heuristic are developed to investigate the impact of long-term memory and the use of fixed versus variable tabu-list sizes. Explicit method-based techniques are developed to convert the original nonlinear programming model into an equivalent mixed (binary)-integer linear programming model in order to test the efficacy of the proposed solution technique for solving small problem instances. The solutions obtained from the heuristics have average deviation of less than 3% of the optimal solutions, and require less than a minute in comparison with optimizing methods that needed 1-10 h of computation time. A carefully designed statistical experiment is used to compare the performance of the heuristics by solving three different problem structures, ranging from four to 30 parts, and three to nine locations. The experiment shows that as the problem size increases, the tabu-search-based heuristic using fixed tabu list size and long-term memory based on minimal frequency strategy is preferred over the other heuristics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	Cellular manufacturing,Heuristics,Mathematical modeling,Nonlinear integer programming,Optimization
Feature maps: A new approach in hierarchical interpretation of images	2003	Proceedings - 2003 International Conference on Cyberworlds, CW 2003	2003 IEEE.The paper introduces hierarchical image transformations that can be used for detecting various image features of gradually increased complexity. The major prospective application of the method is in (semi-) autonomous vision-guided robotic systems and, therefore, the local operators that can be prospectively hardware-implemented are the core component of the proposed algorithms. A feature map is a grey-level digital image with a vector attached to each pixel. Pixel intensities represent "the feature intensity", i.e. the estimated confidence that a feature of interest is located at the pixel. The vector components are characterizing the feature configuration. The low-level "intensity map" is the original grey-level image with the "feature intensity" being just the brightness value. A transformation from the current feature map to the map of a higher level is obtained by applying a local operator (with a circular scanning window). For each location of the window, the operator determines the template instance of a higher-level feature prospectively existing at this location. Then, the template is matched to the actual content of the window and - based on their similarity - the feature intensity value for the higher-level map pixel is determine. The associated vectors are containing the configuration parameters of the templates extracted by the operator. The paper contains the theoretical foundations of the proposed method, but exemplary results illustrating the method's principles are also provided.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Science Applications	None
Survey on the use of simulation for manufacturing system design and operation	2003	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	This paper reviews and classifies literature on the use of discrete event simulation for manufacturing system design and operation problems. Simulation has been a widely used tool for manufacturing system design and analysis for more than 30 years. During this period, simulation has proven to be an extremely useful analysis tool, and many hundreds of articles, papers, books, and conferences have focused directly on the topic. This paper presents a classification of a subset of these publications and the research and applications that underlie these publications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	151	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Design,Literature Survey,Manufacturing Systems,Simulation
Agent-based usability design of electronic checklist in flight-deck for cockpit resource management	2003	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2003 IFACThe advanced aviation automation technologies have accomplished high safety on the aircraft. Although they contribute much to the reduction of pilots' workloads, they may induce a new type of aircraft accidents. This is also true for a design of electronic checklists (ECL) in the cockpit. This paper aims to enhance the safety through the improvement of current version of electronic checklist. The design principle therein exists in appropriate distribution of pilot's workloads throughout sequential phases where a pilot is forced to execute a number of procedures at the same time. We introduce an agent model and implement this using Bayesian networks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Agent,Automated guided vehecles,Human-centered design,Man-machine systems,Probabilistic models,User interfaces
Performance-based comparison of control policies for automated storage and retrieval systems modelled by coloured Petri nets	2003	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2003 IEEE.The industrial manufacturing environment is nowadays characterized by fierce global competition, rapid market changes and short product life cycles. Such a complex scenario originated a vast demand for sophisticated techniques guaranteeing adequate planning and control of warehouses. A widely used solution is to adopt Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems (AS/RSs). A typical AS/RS comprises a number of parallel aisles with storage racks, serviced by automated stacker cranes and rail guided vehicles. This paper compares several management strategies addressing the system operational control, i.e., dealing with the AS/RS real time behaviour. A common coloured timed Petri net models the system and the controlled AS/RS operation is highlighted by way of several discrete event simulations carried out in the Matlab-Stateflow software environment. The proposed control policies are compared and discussed on the basis of appropriate performance indices.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	8	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Optimal path planning for mobile robots based on intensified ant colony optimization algorithm	2003	Proceedings - 2003 IEEE International Conference on Robotics, Intelligent Systems and Signal Processing, RISSP 2003	2003 IEEE.Optimal path planning for mobile robots plays an important role in the field of robotics. At present, there are many advanced algorithms used to solve this optimal problem. However, for those algorithms, it is very difficult to solve some path planning problems containing certain constraint conditions due to the complex background environment. Based on the intensified ant colony optimization algorithm, the path planning optimization is carried out with numerical analysis and computations. The simulation results are satisfactory. In this paper, for the first time, intensified ant colony optimization algorithm is used to solve path planning for mobile robots which is a continuous function optimization problem containing constraint conditions. It also provides a new solving approach to the similar problems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	54	Human-Computer Interaction,Signal Processing,Artificial Intelligence	None
Effect of dynamics on path planning of mobile robots	2003	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	This paper deals with accurate path planning of two kinds of mobile robots: conventionally steered and differentially steered. In particular, we are concerned with the effect of dynamics. Dynamic models are derived, and numerical and experimental results are presented. The effects of varying mass, velocity and manipulator arms on the mobile robots are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	None
V-Lab® – a distributed intelligent discrete-event environment for autonomous agents simulationi	2003	Intelligent Automation and Soft Computing	This paper presents a fusion between discrete-event systems specification (DENS) and intelligent tools from soft computing. DENS provides a robust and generic environrnent for modeling and simulation applications employing single workstation, distributed, and real-time platforms. Soft computing is a consortium of tools for natural intelligence stemming from approximate reasoning (fuzzy logic), learning (neural network or stochastic learning automaton), optimization (genetic algorithms and genetic programming), etc. The outcome of this fusion is what is called “Intelligent DENS,” called IDEVS here. IDEVS is an element of a virtual laboratory, called V-Lab®, which is based on distributed multi-physics, multi-dynamic modeling techniques for multiple platforms. This paper will introduce IDEVS and V-Lab® and a theme example for amultiagent simulation of a number of robotic agents with a slew of dynamic models and multiple computer work stations.  2003 TSI® Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	DENS,Discrete-event simulation,Fuzzy logic,Genetic algorithms,IDEVS,Multi–agent systems,Neural networks,Rovers,SLA,Soft computing,V-Lab®,Virtual laboratory
Agent-Based Planning Method for an On-Demand Transportation System	2003	IEEE International Symposium on Intelligent Control - Proceedings	In the present paper, we propose an on-line operation planning method for a demand bus system with multiple buses. It is necessary to solve a passengers assignment problem and a routing problem in real time in operating the demand bus system. We propose an agent-based planning method. In the proposed method, an agent exists for each bus, and it solves the routing problem of the bus by a heuristic rule based method, and solves the assignment problem by auctions and negotiations among agents. By computational experiments, we will examine effectiveness of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Using functional virtual population as assistance to learn scheduling knowledge in dynamic manufacturing environments	2003	International Journal of Production Research	When a scheduling environment is static and system attributes are deterministic, a manufacturing schedule can be obtained by applying analytical tools such as mathematical modelling technology, dynamic programming, the branch-and-bound method or other developed searching algorithms. Unfortunately, a scheduling environment is usually dynamic in a real manufacturing world. A production system may vary with time and require production managers to change schedule repeatedly. Therefore, the main aim here was to find a scheduling method that could reduce the need for rescheduling. An approach called Functional Virtual Population was proposed as assistance to learn robust scheduling knowledge for manufacturing systems under rationally changing environments. The used techniques include machine learning with artificial neural networks and IF-THEN scheduling rules. To illustrate the study in detail, a simulated flexible manufacturing system consisting of four machines, four parts, one automatic guided vehicle and eight buffers was built as the foundation for learning the concept. Also, Pythia software (a back-propagation-based neural networks) was employed as the learning tool in the learning procedure.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	71	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Analysis of a time-out protocol and its applications in a single server environment	2003	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	The use of time-out protocols can improve distributed system performance by utilizing equipment and resource-time that otherwise would be wasted. In time-out protocols for traditional computer communication networks, set-up time reduction is a major issue. An interesting area of development in networked production and test systems is the inclusion of costs other than set-up time in the evaluation, such as scrap rates and rework, or the effect on neighbouring or upstream client work-centres. The applications of time-out protocols in single, shared server production environments, such as automatic guided vehicle systems (AGVs) and shared testers in assembly processes, are described in this article. Analytical models have provided some insight into the application of time-out protocols but are cumbersome. The focus of this investigation has been in the context of networked task administration, including: (1) quantitative guidelines to evaluate time-out protocols in the context of task administration protocols, and (2) a new model for numerical evaluation, identifying the recommended time-out threshold and the regions where time-out protocols are, or are not, useful. Discrete event simulation models and empirical data from recent research on task administration protocols are described.  2003 Taylor & Francis Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A multiple-crane-constrained scheduling problem in a container terminal	2003	European Journal of Operational Research	We consider a container terminal loading and unloading containers to and from a set of ships, and storing the containers in the terminal yard. Each ship is served by multiple quay cranes, which load and unload containers to and from ships. Containers are moved between the ships and the yard using a fleet of vehicles, each with unit capacity. The problem is (i) to determine a storage location for each unloaded container, (ii) to dispatch vehicles to containers, and (iii) to schedule the loading and unloading operations on the cranes, so as to minimize the maximum time it takes to serve a given set of ships. This problem is NP-hard, and therefore we develop a heuristic algorithm based on formulating the problem as a transshipment problem. The effectiveness of the heuristic is analyzed from both worst-case and computational points of view.  2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	158	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Assignment,Heuristics,Logistics,Modeling,Transportation
Distributed hardware-in-the-loop simulator for autonomous continuous dynamical systems with spatially constrained interactions	2003	Proceedings - International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium, IPDPS 2003	2003 IEEE.The state-of-the-art intelligent vehicle, autonomous guided vehicle and mobile robotics application domains can be described as collection of interacting highly autonomous complex dynamical systems. Extensive formal analysis of these systems - except special cases - is not feasible, consequently the availability of proper simulation and test tools is of primary importance. This research targets the real-time hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulation of vehicle and mobile robot systems. To certain extent distributed virtual environment (DYE) systems are attempting to satisfy similar requirements but a few distinctive features set this approach apart. DVE systems put the emphasis on load balancing and communication overhead. In our case the emphasis is on the temporal predictability and guaranteed, timed execution of the experiment. The paper describes a simulation framework dedicated to HIL simulation of continuous dynamical entities with spatially constrained interactions. The underlying modelling concept is introduced. The runtime infrastructure is described, which allows for distributed execution of the models.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	8	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Theoretical Computer Science,Software	None
Part geometric understanding for tool path planning in additive manufacturing	2003	Proceedings of IEEE International Symposium on Computational Intelligence in Robotics and Automation, CIRA	2003 IEEE.Additive manufacturing processes such as spray coating, spray painting and rapid tooling, are very important steps in many products' life cycle. Robotic manipulators are widely adopted in these processes. The tool planning for these applications is usually time-consuming for human operators and the plans generated are prone to inaccuracy and low efficiency. This research develops fully-automated, CAD-guided tool planning system which eliminates the human involvement and also generates optimized tool plans in the sense of the motion performance of the robot. The core of this tool planning system is the partitioning of part surfaces into multiple, easy-to-handle patches, or the geometric understanding problem. In this paper, a decomposition-based approach is developed. Robot motion performance measures are integrated into the surface partitioning. Experimental tests and evaluation carried out on vehicle body parts validate this new approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Computational Mathematics	None
Scheduling for a large-scale production system based on a continuous and Timed Petri-Net model	2003	IEICE Transactions on Information and Systems	This paper presents a new hierarchical scheduling method for a large-scale manufacturing system based on the hybrid Petri-net model, which consists of CPN (Continuous Petri Net) and TPN (Timed Petri Net). The study focuses on an automobile production system, a typical large-scale manufacturing system. At a high level, CPN is used to represent continuous flow in the production process of an entire system, and LP (Linear Programming) is applied to find the optimal flow. At a low level, TPN is used to represent the manufacturing environment of each sub-production line in a decentralized manner, and the MCT algorithm is applied to find feasible semi-optimal process sequences for each sub-production line. Our proposed scheduling method can schedule macroscopically the flow of an entire system while considering microscopically any physical constraints that arise on an actual shop floor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Hybrid control,Hybrid Petri-net model,Large-scale production system scheduling,LP,RTA* algorithm
Campos Basin: Reservoir characterization and management - Historical overview and future challenges	2003	Proceedings of the Annual Offshore Technology Conference	2003, Offshore Technology ConferenceThe first oil discovery in the Campos Basin dates from 1974, when the ninth well drilled found Albian carbonate reservoirs (Garoupa Field) under a water depth of 120 m. Oil production started on August 13th, 1977, from the Enchova Field, which produced to a semi submersible platform moored at a water depth of 124 m. This was the beginning of a successful history that led Petrobras to become a world leader company in petroleum exploration and production in deep and ultra-deep waters. Forty-one oilfields were found between 50 and 140 km off the Brazilian coast (under water depths between 80 and 2,400 m), which produce from a variety of reservoirs, including Neocomian fractured basalts, Barremian coquinas, early Albian calcarenites, and (mostly) late Albian to early Miocene siliciclastic turbidites. These reservoirs were responsible for an average oil production of 1.2 million bpd in the year 2002 (83% of the total Brazilian production), and they are expected to be producing 1.6 million bopd by the end of 2005. The cumulative oil production from the Campos Basin comprises 3.9 billion bbl, and the current proven oil reserves are 8.5 billion bbl (89% of total Brazilian reserves). Deep and ultra-deep water giant fields started to be discovered only in 1984. There was a succession of large discoveries, including Albacora, Marlim, Albacora Leste, Marlim Sul, Barracuda, Caratinga, Roncador and, more recently, Jubarte and Cachalote. The development of these fields has continuously provided new challenges for the reservoir characterization and management in the Campos Basin. These fields are developed with fewer, horizontal and high angle wells, drilled into poorly consolidated reservoirs. The extensive use of 3D seismic as a reservoir characterization tool has optimized well location and allowed the reduction of geological risks. Integration of high-resolution stratigraphic analysis with 3D seismic inversion, geostatistic (stochastic) simulation of reservoir properties constrained by seismic, well log and core data, 3D visualization, and voxel-based automatic interpretation has guided the positioning of horizontal wells through thin (<10-15 m) reservoirs. Additionally, 3D visualization techniques have provided a new environment for teamwork, where seismic, well log, and core data are interpreted and added to detailed 3D geological models and, subsequently, to robust reservoir simulation models. The deepwater subsea wells must be designed to allow high production rates (typically >10,000-15,000 bopd), with lifetime completions to avoid costly interventions. In order to assure high productivity, pressure maintenance must be efficient; if water injection is planned, the hydraulic connectivity between injector and producer wells must be guaranteed by high-quality 3D seismic, well log correlation, and observed pressure profiles. Detailed studies have been made in order to define the distribution and number of wells, since the number of wells strongly affects the net present value of deepwater projects. Wells with expected oil recovery of less than 10-15 million bbl are not drilled in the beginning of the projects, and remain as future opportunities to increase oil production and recovery. Some of the new technologies devised for the characterization and development of the deepwater oilfields from the Campos Basin include reservoir imaging with pre-stack, depth-migrated seismic, 4D seismic, real-time well steering and updating of geological/reservoir models, extended reach wells, selective completion in gravel-packed wells, isolation inside horizontal, gravel-packed wells, intelligent completion, subsea oil-water separation, re-injection of produced water, scale prevention and treatment, and improved recovery techniques for heavy and/or viscous oil.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	40	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Ocean Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Mechanical Engineering	None
Holonic manufacturing systems: Phase II	2003	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2003.The Holonic Manufacturing Systems (HMS) Project is an international industrially driven project addressing systemization and standardization, research, pre-competitive development, deployment and support of architectures and technologies for open, distributed, intelligent, autonomous and co-operating systems on a global basis. During its ten-year program, the HMS Project has developed specifications of holonic architectures, a computer-aided environment for the encapsulation, reuse and integration of holonic systems technologies, and libraries of demonstrated, reusable technologies and tools for the construction of holonic manufacturing systems. These next-generation holonic systems are providing the flexibility, agility and robustness necessary for the rapid delivery of custom manufactured products in competitive global markets. By building on the results of Phase 1 of the HMS Project that emphasized the development of generic technologies and their demonstration in specific application areas, Phase 2 will achieve their integration and application at three levels of the manufacturing and supply chain enterprise: Holonic Control Devices, consisting of the technical manufacturing equipment; Holonic Production Sites and Physical Equipment, comprising the manufacturing work cells; Holonic Planning and Execution Systems, providing scheduling and control of the holonic manufacturing system and a virtual test bed environment for holonic system implementations; and Holonic Man-Machine and Emulation Systems, a virtual test-bed environment for holonic system implementations.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	11	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Adaptive scheduling in random flexible manufacturing systems subject to machine breakdowns	2003	International Journal of Production Research	In a FMS dynamic scheduling environment, frequent rescheduling to react to disruptions such as machine breakdowns can make the behaviour of the system hard to predict, and hence reduce the effectiveness of dynamic scheduling. Another approach to handle the disruptions is to update the job ready time and completion time, and machine status on a rolling horizon basis, and consider the machine availability explicitly in generating schedules. When machine downtime has a small variation, the operation completion time is estimated by using limiting (steady-state) machine availability. However, steady-state analysis is sometimes unlikely to provide a complete picture of the system when there is a large variation in machine downtime and repair time, and frequent disruptions (e.g. tool failures) exist. Transient analysis of machine availability will be more meaningful in such a situation during a finite observation period. In this paper, an adaptive scheduling approach is proposed to make coupled decisions about part/machine scheduling and operation/tool assignments on a rolling horizon basis, while the operation completion time is estimated by a transient machine availability analysis based on a two-state continuous time Markov process. The expected tool waiting time is explicitly considered in the job machine scheduling decision. The effectiveness of the proposed method is compared with other approaches based on various dispatching heuristics such as Apparent Tardiness Cost, Cost OVER Time, and Bottleneck Dynamics, etc under different shop load and machine downtime levels.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	11	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Proof search and proof check for equational and inductive theorems	2003	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2003.This paper presents on-going researches on theoretical and practical issues of combining rewriting based automated theorem proving and user-guided proof development, with the strong constraint of safe cooperation of both. In practice, we instantiate the theoretical study on the Coq proof assistant and the ELAN rewriting based system, focusing first on equational and then on inductive proofs. Different concepts, especially rewriting calculus and deduction modulo, contribute to define and to relate proof search, proof representation and proof check.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	France	5	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automated theorem proving,Computation,Deduction,Induction,Proof assistant,Proof terms,Rewrite rules
Industrialized and automated building systems: A managerial approach	2003	Industrialized and Automated Building Systems: A Managerial Approach	1999 Abraham Warszawski.Industrialized and Automated Building Systems presents a detailed and balanced evaluation of the benefits and drawbacks of industrialized building systems, and considers technological, managerial and economical aspects of industrialization, automation in the industrialized building process in production, construction and design, and information technologies in design, production and construction on site.	Book	b	bk	Book	Israel	13	Engineering (all),Arts and Humanities (all)	None
