Automatic visual guidance of a forklift engaging a pallet	2006	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	This paper presents the development of a prototype vision-guided forklift system for the automatic engagement of pallets. The system is controlled using the visual guidance method of mobile camera-space manipulation, which is capable of achieving a high level of precision in positioning and orienting mobile manipulator robots without relying on camera calibration. The paper contains development of the method, the development of a prototype forklift as well as experimental results in actual pallet engagement tasks. The technology could be added to AGV systems enabling them to engage arbitrarily located pallets. It also could be added to standard forklifts as an operator assist capability.  2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	37	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Machine vision,Mobile manipulation,Visual guidance
Scheduling multiple agents for picking products in a warehouse	2006	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	In this paper, the final stage of a multiphase approach for solving the picking problem in a warehouse is addressed. Given a number of agents, each with its own set of picking sequences (trips or routes) to accomplish, a dispatching problem is described and shown to have a non-polynomial search space with respect to the number of agents and number of routes. A simulation-based scheduling procedure is proposed to solve the problem. The aim is to reduce potential delays induced by agent queues. Extensive statistical simulations on a realistic warehouse operating at varying conditions are conducted to show that the said dispatching procedure is able to make significant improvements with respect to minimizing operating time, on the average, over the case when no dispatching policy is applied to the agents. 2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	12	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dispatching,Multiple-agents,Scheduler,Warehouse automation,Warehouse scheduling
Fuzzy dispatching of Automated Guided Vehicles	2006	Advances in Soft Computing	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) are commonly used to transfer parts in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). AGV dispatching deals with assigning vehicles to move parts based on the relationship between AGV and parts availability. The dispatching method influences the performance of the FMS and can lead to cost saving and improvement. The production environment is complex and the dispatching decision is sometimes vague and obscure. To deal with such complicated environments a fuzzy logic dispatching model has been developed.  2006 Springer.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Israel	1	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Computational Mechanics,Computer Science Applications	None
Integrated production and material handling scheduling using mathematical programming and constraint programming	2006	European Journal of Operational Research	In this article, we propose an integrated formulation of the combined production and material handling scheduling problems. Traditionally, scheduling problems consider the production machines as the only constraining resource. This is however no longer true as material handling vehicles are becoming more and more valuable resources requiring important investments. Their operations should be optimized and above all synchronized with machine operations. In the problem addressed in this paper, a job shop context is considered. Machines and vehicles are both considered as constraining resources. The integrated scheduling problem is formulated as a mathematical programming model and as a constraint programming model which are compared for optimally solving a series of test problems. A commercial software (ILOG OPLStudio) was used for modeling and testing both models.  2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	69	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Constraint programming,Job shop,Material handling,Mixed integer programming,Scheduling
Designing an efficient method for tandem AGV network design problem using tabu search	2006	Applied Mathematics and Computation	A tandem AGV configuration connects all cells of a manufacturing area by means of non-overlapping, single-vehicle closed loops. Each loop has at least one additional P/D station, provided as interface between adjacent loops. This study describes the development of a tabu search algorithm for the design of tandem AGV systems. Starting from an initial partition generated by a k-means clustering method, the tabu search algorithm partitions the stations into loops by minimizing the maximum workload of the system, without allowing the paths of loops to cross each other. The new algorithm and the partitioning algorithm presented by Bozer and Srinivasan are compared on, randomly generated problems. Results show that in large scale problems, the partitioning algorithm often leads to infeasible configurations with crossed loops in spite of its shorter running time. However the newly developed algorithm avoids infeasible configurations and often yields better objective function values.  2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	19	Computational Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	AGV,Tabu search,Tandem configuration
Fuzzy tuning for the docking maneuver controller of an automated guided vehicle	2006	Studies in Computational Intelligence	In some environments, mobile robots need to perform tasks in a precise manner. For this reason, we require obtaining good controllers in charge of these control tasks. In this work, we present a real-world application in the domain of multi-objective machine learning, which consists of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), specifically, a fork-lift truck must often perform docking maneuvers to load pallets in conveyor belts. The main purpose is to improve some features of docking task as its duration, accuracy and stability, satisfying determined constraints. We propose a machine learning technique based on a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm in order to find multiple fuzzy logic controllers which optimize specific objectives and satisfy imposed constraints for docking task in charge of following up an online generated trajectory.  2006 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Spain	1	Artificial Intelligence	None
Fuzzy dispatching of automated guided vehicles	2006	2006 IIE Annual Conference and Exhibition	Automatic guided vehicles (AGV) are commonly used to transfer parts in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). Due to the inherent complexity of such systems AGV dispatching policy is non trivial. A dispatching algorithm based on fuzzy logic was developed and compared in simulation to conventional single attribute and multi-attribute dispatching algorithms. Results indicate that fuzzy dispatching is superior to the other tested dispatching algorithms, especially in high and medium volume systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Israel	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Dispatching,Fuzzy logic
A simulation study on the performance of load-selection rules for multiple-load AGVs	2006	36th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, ICC and IE 2006	This paper studies the load-selection problem defined in the multiple-load AGV control methodology proposed by Ho and Liu (2004). Their control methodology divides the control problem of multiple-load AGVs into four sub-problems: Task-determination problem, delivery-dispatching problem, pickup-dispatching problem, and load-selection problem. A load-selection problem occurs when a vehicle (with a pickup task) arrives at the output queue of a machine. In this problem, one determines which load a vehicle should pick up from the output queue of a machine. Various load-selection rules are proposed. The objective of this study is twofold. We want to understand not only the performance of load-selection rules, but also the effects that pickup-dispatching rules have on load-selection rules' performance. Simulation experiments were conducted to achieve these objectives. Finally, it is our hope that the knowledge learned from this study can assist engineers in having better control of their AGVs in a real system similar to the one studied here.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Computer simulation,Load-selection rule,Multiple-load agv
Workflow congestion in a facility layout	2006	2006 IIE Annual Conference and Exhibition	Traditional facility layout research ignores workflow congestion and tends to focus on distance-based transportation cost. Recently many authors have identified workflow congestion as a major concern in a facility layout, yet few analytical models have been proposed. This paper attempts to address this concern in the following way. First, we formalize the concept of workflow congestion, which incorporates a variety of workflow interruptions. We establish a probabilistic model for workflow interruptions and develop a method for evaluating the expected travel time through an aisle. We then formulate the facility layout problem as one for minimizing the total expected travel time, i.e., we focus on alleviating workflow congestion. A solution approach based on "sliding bottleneck paths" is also presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flow routing,Workflow congestion
Un système de voisinage efficace pour le problème du job-shop avec transport	2006	Journal Europeen des Systemes Automatises	This paper is devoted to the study of an extension of the job-shop, in which transport of the parts between the machines is taken into account. The objective is then to simultaneously schedule the machines and the vehicles, in order to minimize the makespan. Both problems are known to be NP-hard To deal with this problem, we propose a new representation of the solutions space, and an efficient neighbouring system. Three different metaheuristics (iterated local search, simulated annealing and their hybridization) have been implemented The results obtained are better than those in the literature, and this independently from the method used New upper bounds are proposed for 11 of the 40 instances which compose our benchmark test.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing systems,Job-shop problem,Metaheuristics,Neighbouring systems
TFT-LCD automated guided vehicle systems analysis using Axiomatic Design Theory	2006	IEEE International Symposium on Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference Proceedings	In this paper, the delivery concept of an automated guided vehicles (AGV) used in TFT-LCD production lines are analyzed using Axiomatic Design Theory (AD). The main purpose of this paper is to elaborate how AD helped identify the problems in the current AGV system and how we applied AD Theory to redesign for a new system. We discovered that functional requirements in the current system are strongly coupled by the design parameters. Moreover, system performance was highly dependent on unpredictable and uncontrollable events. Based on the analysis, possible design directions for a new material handling are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Engineering (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
The influence of motion parameters of automated guided vehicle on energy consumption	2006	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	This paper presented how motion parameters of vehicle influenced on energy consumption. The capacity of the source of energy in the vehicle is limited. There is relationship between motion parameters of vehicle and energy consumption. The best method to investigate this property is by computer simulation. Some chosen results of simulation are presented in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Battery,Energy consumption,Peukert's equation
Trajectory control of an automated guided vehicle using feedback linearization	2006	Proceedings of 8th Biennial ASME Conference on Engineering Systems Design and Analysis, ESDA2006	In this paper, the dynamics and control of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is described. The objective is to control the vehicle direction and location with respect to a prescribed trajectory. This is accomplished based on an optimum control strategy using vehicle state variables. A four-wheel vehicle with three degrees of freedom including longitudinal, lateral and yaw motion is considered. The nonlinearity of the tire and steering mechanism is also included. The control system design for circular, straight forward and composite path is presented based on feedback linearization. Some trajectory simulation for discrete curvatures is carried out. The controller was implemented within MATLAB environment. The design was also evaluated using ADAMS full vehicle assembly. The results demonstrated the accuracy of the model and the effectiveness of the developed control system. Copyright  2006 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Engineering (all)	None
A study on distance trend of vehicle's empty trip in 300mm automated material handling system (amhs)	2006	36th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, ICC and IE 2006	In the 300mm AMHS with the connecting layout, vehicles can travel in not just one loop but also all around the wide fab to directly deliver FOUP tool-to-tool. It might make transportation more efficient if allocating appropriate search range (SR) in dispatching before selecting the dispatching rule. In this paper, we suggest a way to allocate SR by using simulation to observe the distance of a vehicle's empty trip (DVemp) includes distance trend and distance distribution. The result showed that number of waiting FOUP (WF) and idle vehicle (IV) in the system when dispatching occurs would affect the trend of DVemp; the distribution of DVemp gathered between the intervals is from -3σ to 3σ. Hence the suggestion is that an appropriate SR might be allocated dynamically according to different number of WF and IV and the range of search should be set between -3σ and 3σ of DVemp.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Amhs,Dispatching,Distance trend,Simulation
Multi-criteria intelligent dispatching control of automated guided vehicles in FMS	2006	2006 IEEE Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems	In Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS), automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used for transportation of the processed materials between various pickup and delivery points. The assignment of an AGV to a workcentre from a set of workcentres simultaneously requesting the service for transport of a part is often solved in real-time with simple dispatching rules. This paper proposes an intelligent dispatching approach for the AGVs based on multi-criteria fuzzy logic controller, which simultaneously takes into account multiple aspects in every dispatching decision. The controller operates in two stages in which the second stage is constructed as a conflict resolving tool between two equally ranked AGVs for a particular workcentre. The control system is being implemented using MATLAB and its Fuzzy Inference Engine. Sample runs have been provided to illustrate the controller implementation.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS),Fuzzy control,Multi-criteria dispatching
The approach of automated guided vehicle systems	2006	2006 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, SOLI 2006	The automation of transportation in the production, trade and service sector is a key point in the optimization of intralogistics. For this task Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) provide special benefits. Main points of these systems are the centrally controlled Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). In the beginning, the vehicles were guided by optical or inductive guidelines. The main disadvantages of guidelines are the inflexibility concerning the modification and changing of the routing and the necessity of installations on or in the ground. New developments result in systems without guidelines. An example of this development is the laser guidance for the AGV. The AGVs have a high individuality. They are usually developed and constructed for the demands of a special application and are therefore unique. Due to this individuality a special problem is the wide variety of maintenance and part logistics. Research and development leads to new approaches to this question. Examples are the implementation of the modulation of AGV and the implementation of construction kits. Further points are the reduction of complexity of the modules and the establishment of compatibility between various AGVSproducers. Another main direction of the development is the supplementary automation of standard fork lift trucks. Applications of AGVS exist in all fields of industry and trade. Typical examples are the use in assembly lines, warehouses, order picking systems and production plants. Based on the AGVS-Statistic Europe, which is created and administrated by the Department of Planning and Controlling of Warehouse and Transport Systems (PSLT), the main application of AGVS and the sectors in which they are used are analyzed. With this database developments and current trends in the AGVS-sector are identified. More and more the AGVS-producers have to offer their products in a global competition. The relevance of AGVS in the area of automation will increase in the future. 2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	32	Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	Automated guided vehicle systems,Automation,Intralogistics,Material flow
Dynamic free range routing for automated guided vehicles	2006	Proceedings of the 2006 IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC'06	In this paper an algorithm is presented that allows for dynamic free range route planning for automated guided vehicles (AGVs). This routing algorithm is based on the route choice methodology from a microscopic pedestrian behavioral model. Until now, AGVs use a map of predefined, fixed paths that are combined to obtain routes along which they move from origin to destination point. Although it allows for reliable and safe automation of vehicles with limited maneuverability, the use of fixed paths leads to unnecessary long routes, congestion, deadlocks and makes the routing system vulnerable to disruptions at the level of route execution. The developed routing algorithm dynamically determines free ranging trajectories that are optimized regarding arrival time while avoiding static obstacles and collisions with other AGVs. 2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	15	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
A multi-agent based conflict-free routing approach of bi-directional automated guided vehicles	2006	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	Conflict-free routing is an important problem to be addressed in AGV Systems, in particular when they are bi-directional. This paper presents a multi-agent approach that solves this problem. The main idea of this algorithm is to consider an AGV as a reactive agent, whose goal is to reach a predefined destination without conflict with the moving AGVs. The proposed multi-agent approach is compared in a simulation study to another predictive method.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Design and simulation of a conceptual automated yard using new combination system	2006	2006 SICE-ICASE International Joint Conference	Booming the global container trade, scarcity of land at ports in many metropolitan areas has the same difficulties with expanding the terminal area to improve capacity. As a result, alternative solutions, high-density, Automated Container Terminals (ACT) are currently considered to increase the performance of container terminal. In this paper, a concept of New Combination system-ACT (NC-ACT) is proposed. The average percentage cost per container and land needed is analyzed, evaluated, and compared with four prior systems. Four prior systems include general ACT (AGV-ACT) using Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), Linear Motor Conveyance System (LMCS), overhead Grid Rail system (GR), and Automated Storage/Retrieval System (AS/RS). NC-ACT is shown that the efficiency is higher, the capacity is higher, unchecked containers are accessed randomly, and it has lower average percentage cost/ storage capacity/acre than four prior ACT systems.  2006 ICASE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated Container Terminals (ACT),Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs),Cost analyze,Forty-foot equipment units (FEU),Twenty-foot equipment units
Image technology for camera-based automatic guided vehicle	2006	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper describes image technology using a neural network system for an automatic guided vehicle to follow a lane. Without complicated image processing from the image of a lane to the vehicle-centered representation of a bird's eye view in conventional studies, the proposed system transfers the input of image information into the output of a steering angle directly. The neural network system replaces the nonlinear relation of image information to a steering angle of vehicle on the real ground. For image information, the vanishing point and vanishing line of lane on a camera image are used. In a straight and curved lane, the driving performances by the proposed technology are measured in simulation and experimental test.  2006 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Image sensor,Neural network,Vanishing line,Vanishing point
Learning to evaluate routes for AGVS in a port container terminal	2006	Proceedings of the 2nd IASTED International Conference on Computational Intelligence, CI 2006	In modern automated container terminals, automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems are considered to be a viable option for the horizontal transportation of containers between stacking yards and quayside cranes. Routing-the process of setting up a travel path for an AGV-is essential for utilizing AGVs efficiently. In this paper, we apply machine learning algorithms to routing in order to improve the efficiency of AGV operation. The proposed method uses a route evaluation model obtained by learning from the AGV travel data, evaluates candidate routes using the evaluation model, and finally selects the best route. The effectiveness of the proposed method was validated by a simulation test. An analysis of the result showed that the routes selected bypassed the congestion areas and were short in length.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Mechanics	AGV,Machine learning,Routing
A hybrid multi-objective GA for simultaneous scheduling of machines and AGVs in FMS	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	A carefully designed and efficiently managed material handling system plays an important role in planning and operation of a flexible manufacturing system. Most of the researchers have addressed machine and vehicle scheduling as two independent problems and most of the research has been emphasized only on single objective optimization. Multiobjective problems in scheduling with conflicting objectives are more complex and combinatorial in nature and hardly have a unique solution. This paper addresses multiobjective scheduling problems in a flexible manufacturing environment using evolutionary algorithms. In this paper the authors made an attempt to consider simultaneously the machine and vehicle scheduling aspects in an FMS and addressed the combined problem for the minimization of makespan, mean flow time and mean tardiness objectives.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2006.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	96	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Evolutionary algorithms,Multiobjective,Non-dominated solutions,Scheduling
Co-evolutionary design for AGV systems	2006	Intelligent Autonomous Systems 9, IAS 2006	Competitive co-evolutional design process is proposed in this paper. The method is applied to the design of a robust flow-path network in AGV system. For this robust flow-path, the number of possible tasks is very large in AGV systems; therefore it is impossible to test the promising flow-path network against all of possible tasks. The problem is solved by the method of difficult task design with GA. The effective flow-path network is designed with GA simultaneously, because the difficult tasks depend on the flow-path networks. Competitive Co-evolution is applied to the simultaneous design. Results of the designing are shown through simulations.  2006 The authors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Computer Science (all),Computational Mechanics,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV transportation system,Competitive co-evolution,Packaging
Simulating the operational control of free ranging AGVs	2006	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	Most transport systems using automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are centrally controlled and use fixed, pre-defined routes. Incidents cannot be handled as part of the common routine. Instead of using fixed path layouts, new trajectory planners for AGVs are developed that utilize the complete available space. To accommodate the increased flexibility, new operational controllers must be able to adapt to small deviations and incidents. In this paper an operational controller is presented that aims to satisfy two conflicting goals. First, the controller directs an AGV along a preplanned trajectory with high accuracy. Second, the controller will avoid conflicts with static and dynamic obstacles. These conflicts are caused by small deviations between planned and realized paths, as well as by incidents like equipment failure. A simulation model is built to study the performance of this controller. The quality is compared to a Pi-controller without collision avoidance characteristics.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	5	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Applications of a 3D range camera towards healthcare mobility aids	2006	Proceedings of the 2006 IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC'06	The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has recently studied a new 3D range camera for use on mobile robots. These robots have potential applications in manufacturing, healthcare and perhaps several other service related areas beyond the scope of this paper. In manufacturing, the 3D range camera shows promise for standard size obstacle detection possibly augmenting existing safety systems on automated guided vehicles. We studied the use of this new 3D range imaging camera for advancing safety standards for automated guided vehicles. In healthcare, these cameras show promise for guiding the blind and assisting the disabled who are wheelchair dependent. Further development beyond standards efforts allowed NIST to combine the 3D camera with stereo audio feedback to help the blind or visually impaired to stereophonically hear where a clear path is from room to room as objects were detected with the camera. This paper describes the 3D range camera and the control algorithm that combines the camera with stereo audio to help guide people around objects, including the detection of low hanging objects typically undetected by a white cane.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	23	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Towards a new mobility concept for cities: Architecture & programming of semi-autonomous electric vehicles	2006	Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Robotics and Applications	This article focus on Cybernetic Transport Systems (CTS) due to their effectiveness for solving mobility problems in cities. A new mobility concept is proposed which allows to attain the same flexibility of the private passenger car but with much less nuisances. It is based on small semiautonomous electric vehicles, which may be used to complement mass public transportation, by providing passenger service for any location at any time. A set of automatic guided vehicles for public transportation are described. Two different control paradigms of the fleet are compared: centralized vs. decentralized control. The pros and cons of both control approaches are highlighted so as to support decisions about the configuration of a CTS. The article provides a new offer of transport to city authorities in order to move towards sustainable and efficient public transportation systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	2	Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicles,Cybernetic transportation systems,Fleet control
String algebra-based approach to dynamic routing in multi-LGV automated warehouse systems	2006	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Control Applications	This paper presents a dynamic routing method for supervisory control of multiple Laser Guided Vehicles (LGVs) that are traveling within a layout of a given warehouse. In dynamic routing a calculated path particularly depends on the number of currently active LGVs missions and their priorities. In order to solve the shortest path problem dynamically, the proposed routing method uses the string matrix composition and time windows in a vector form. For each mission requested by the supervisor, the string composition algorithm first finds the candidate paths and then checks if they are feasible. The feasibility of a particular path is evaluated by insertion of appropriate time windows and by performing the windows overlapping tests. The algorithm resolves the time windows conflicts iteratively by inserting new time windows until the conflicts disappear or remain present only on the path s origin arc, which means that the found candidate paths are not feasible. The use of time windows makes the algorithm apt for other scheduling and routing problems. The proposed method has been successfully tested in the industrial environment and the results are presented. 2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Mathematics (all)	None
Design of an AGV transportation system by considering management model in an ACT	2006	Intelligent Autonomous Systems 9, IAS 2006	This paper focuses on the design of a highly efficient Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) transportation system. Therefore, we attempt to construct detailed system management models that include agent cooperation, container storage scheduling, and container transportation planning. We then optimally design systems that are constructed with the use of these management models. The systems are compared to evaluate their operation efficiency based on their total construction cost. Finally, we describe a highly efficient management model for an AGV transportation system and discuss the need to consider an efficient system management methodology.  2006 The authors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	17	Computer Science (all),Computational Mechanics,Control and Systems Engineering	ACT,AGV transportation system,Design,Management model
AGV path planning in unknown environment using fuzzy inference systems	2006	2006 1st IEEE International Conference on E-Learning in Industrial Electronics, ICELIE	Path planning is one of the most important fields of research in the area of robotics. In this paper, a path planning method for a certain type of wheeled mobile robots called Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) is proposed. The proposed model applies fuzzy control techniques to navigate the AGV in an unknown environment to reach a certain destination. In addition, a new method for escaping local minimums, which may be very critical issue faced by an AGV in an unknown environment, is introduced. Simulation results show satisfactory performance of the proposed method.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	4	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Education	None
Comparison of routing strategies for AGV systems using simulation	2006	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	In automated transport systems, the origin-destination combinations are normally connected through a fixed layout, not representing the shortest path. The flexibility of these systems is limited and often the infrastructure is not optimally used. With the introduction of more powerful onboard computers and advanced sensor technology, the positioning and navigating possibilities of AGVs increased. However the routes, although virtual, are still fixed. A new step ahead would be to determine each path dynamically. This would use the free ranging capacities of AGVs to its full potential. In this paper, the benefits of the dynamic free ranging approach are investigated; a simulation model on the strategic level is presented that compares several common fixed layouts with the shortest connection approach. Naturally, the avoidance of collisions plays a central role. It is concluded that dynamic free ranging has high potential in terms of transport capacity of the resulting system.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	27	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
An algorithm for automatic guided vehicle based on machine vision and DR	2006	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	This paper designs a novel algorithm for automatic guided vehicle. The algorithm uses the CCD in front of the vehicle to identify the routing indicator and to calculate the yaw angle from track. It applies the odometer to get vehicle displacement. The DR algorithm can provide the vehicle direction and position from the yaw angle and displacement. Machine vision guidance can identify and track the routing indicator. It uses the adaptive fuzzy feedback to identify faster and better, further uses a novel simple arithmetic to reduce picture jitter. The system used this algorithm can avoid the position error accumulated with time as general DR and cost lower, A plenty of examinations prove that the algorithm can efficiently improve the position precision.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guidance,Dead reckoning,Image processing,Machine vision
Ant colony optimization based simultaneous task allocation and path planning of autonomous vehicles	2006	2006 IEEE Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems	This paper applies a meta-heuristic based Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) technique for simultaneous task allocation and path planning of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) in material handling. ACO algorithm allocates tasks to AGVs based on collision free path obtained by a proposed path and motion planning algorithm. The validity of this approach is investigated by applying it to different task and AGV combinations which have different initial settings. For small combinations, i.e. small number of tasks and vehicles, the quality of the ACO solution is compared against the optimal results obtained from exhaustive search mechanism. This approach has shown near optimal results. For larger combinations, ACO solutions are compared with Simulated Annealing algorithm which is another commonly used meta-heuristic approach. The results show that ACO solutions have slightly better performance than that of Simulated Annealing algorithm.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	17	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Ant colony optimization,Autonomous vehicles,Path planning,Task allocation
An analytical model of vehicle-based automated material handling systems in semiconductor fabs	2006	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	This research explores analytical models useful in the design of vehicle-based Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHS) to support semiconductor manufacturing. The objective is to correctly estimate the throughput and move request delay. This analysis proposes a computationally effective analytical approach to multi-vehicle AMHS performance modeling for a simple closed loop. A probabilistic model is developed, based on a detailed description of AMHS operations, and the system is analyzed as an extended Markov chain. The model tracks the operations of one vehicle on the closed-loop considering the possibility of vehicle-blocking. This analysis provides the essential parameters such as the blocking probabilities in order to estimate the performance measures. A numerical example is analyzed and simulated using Automod to demonstrate and validate the queuing model.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	9	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
The optimal model of the storage space and handling times for import container blocks at automated container terminals	2006	36th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, ICC and IE 2006	The storage space and handling times of containers significantly affect the productivity of container terminals. In this paper, the storage space for import container blocks at automated container terminals is optimally determined with considering the waiting times of automated guided vehicles(AGVs) and outside trucks(OTs) at the same time. Firstly, various motion times of stacking and retrieving operations of the automated transfer crane(ATC) during discharging time are analytically determined. Secondly, the waiting times of AGVs and OTs are simultaneously determined. Finally, the optimal model for the shape of import container blocks is suggested. The results of numerical experiments are provided in order to analyze the relationships among the space shape, the space capacity, the ATC handling times, the AGV waiting time, and OT waiting time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container terminal,Material handling,Space allocation,Storage space
Analysis and design of a contactless energy transmission system with flexible inductor positioning for automated guided vehicles	2006	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	This paper describes the analysis and development of a new contactless energy transmission system (CETS) for applications with flexible inductor positioning. Therefore it compares the full bridge series-series-resonant and series-parallel-resonant converter for their usability in applications with large air gaps and a flexible positioning of the windings as eg. given for inductive battery charging of automated guided vehicles. With the selection of the right converter topology, an independent design of the transmission system for a varying air gap or misalignments is possible. Finally measurements of a built resonant converter that transfers 1kW proof the significant benefits of the series-series-resonant converter for this special application.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	20	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A road lane recognition algorithm based on color features in AGV vision systems	2006	2006 International Conference on Communications, Circuits and Systems, ICCCAS, Proceedings	This paper addresses the problem of recognize the structured road lane in color road scenes quickly and robustly for AGV (automatic guided vehicle) vision application. To avoid the complicated process and the large computational process time in the color space recognition, the lane recognition process is in the gray image combined with color information which acquired from the HSI color space. The experiment proves the method's effectiveness and quickness.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Variable pallet pick-up for automatic guided vehicles in industrial environments	2006	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper presents two laser scanner based approaches to locate and pick-up pallets with the aim of automating forklift trucks. In contrast to camera based systems our approaches are independent of luminance conditions which can be highly variable in industrial environments. Whereas one approach uses pallets modified with adhesive reflectors which enables very flexible handling of pallets, the second approach detects pallets based on geometric characteristics without any modifications to the environment. Experimental results are also reported including a run of an autonomous fork-lift truck presented at the logistics fair CeMAT 2005 in Hannover.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	29	Engineering (all)	None
Research on automatic drive technology of high-speed railway rail-laying vehicles	2006	2006 IEEE Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics	The high-speed railway rail-laying vehicles is large-scale special vehicles, its automatic drive can improve precision and efficiency for laying rail. This paper presents rail-laying vehicle framework and automatic driving function, designs automatic drive control system based on CAN-bus. Especially, hydraulic steer model is set up by analyzing the steer system of rail-laying vehicles, resolves the bottleneck problem of automatic steering during vehicles automatic drive by studying rail-laying vehicles' guiding method and fuzzy adapting PID control strategy of automatic steering. Simulation experiment proves this method is effective.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering	Automactic drive,Automaric steering,Electro-hydraulic control,Rail layer
Agile Manufacturing System with Autonomously Operated Square Arrayed Machining Cells	2006	Information Control Problems in Manufacturing 2006	To cope with the dynamically changing market demands, a manufacturing system with machining cells located on square array has been investigated together with the auction based dispatching algorithms and the tooling algorithms enabling the autonomous reconfiguration of the system by adding and deleting tool sets required to process works. This chapter studies the autonomous design of the system to determine the number of pallets and their handling rules and the number of automated guided vehicles. Algorithms for the operations and for the self-organization and functional reconfiguration of SAMS are briefly described. The algorithms to determine the number of AGVs and the pallets are discussed. Simulation studies of a model system are made to investigate the characteristics and the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms.  2006 Copyright  2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Japan	1	Engineering (all)	None
Optimal resources allocation for a hybrid material handling system in a 300-mm wafer fab	2006	Proceedings - Eighth International Workshop on Discrete Event Systems, WODES 2006	This paper addresses the issue of the optimal resources allocation of automated material handling systems (AMHS) and operators for a hybrid material handing system in a 300-mm wafer fab. The proposed methodology exploits the colored timed Petri nets (CTPN) to model the hybrid material handing system, and then the CTPN model is further transformed into a three-phase discrete event simulation model for the performance analysis of the system. The experiment design is conducted to simulate different scenarios and the response surface method is applied to obtain the optimal allocation of AMHSs and operators for each scenario.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering	Colored timed Petri nets,Hybrid material handing system,Optimal resources allocation,Response surface method
A novel embedded conductive detection system for intelligent conveyor belt monitoring	2006	2006 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, SOLI 2006	Continuous transport systems such as belt conveyor systems are playing an important role nowadays in industrial fields of logistics, transportation, storage, etc. Condition monitoring has been an established tool and widely applied to transportation management systems. However intelligent monitoring of belt conveyor systems is still in an early stage. This paper introduces an Embedded Conductive Detection (ECD) technology that uses a magnet matrix embedded into the conveyor belt carcass and outside sensors to detect and monitor most of the conveyor belt parameters simultaneously. As a novel Nondestructive Test (NDT) technology, it overcomes drawbacks of traditional conveyor belt monitoring technologies and it has characteristics of absolutely maintenance free, long lifetime, non-contact monitoring and passive measurement. In this paper, applications of the main principle of the ECD technology have also been extended to the field of automatic guided vehicles (AGVs).  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	22	Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	AGVs,Conductive detection,Conveyor belt monitoring,Intelligent monitoring,NDT
First automatic empty container yard with no operator in China	2006	IET Conference Publications	Due to the boom in world trade with leaps and bounds, port authorities are looking into ways of making facilities more efficient. To build Shanghai as the international shipping center, it is the strategic step to found Shanghai as the international container hub port. The Shanghai port must improve the competitive ability to cope with this dynamic challenge. However the existing piling capability of the container yard in Shanghai port is not satisfied the requirement today. The most advanced automatic container terminals in the world are based on the use of AGVs (Automatic Guided Vehicles), which are not accord with the port environment of Shanghai. The port authorities have to find and deploy effective container handling systems in order to increase the throughput of the current container terminals for the progressively enormous pressure rooting in the new massive container ships and scarcity of the yard land and so on. In this paper, the first automatic empty container yard (AECY) with no operator in China is proposed, which is constructed and located in Shanghai Port Container Co., Ltd. Waigaoqiao Terminal Branch. In AECY, the automatic handling system in relay is adopted, which is the new process procedure and uses two new types of RMG and buffer platform. Besides, a simulation model is developed and used to simulate this new AECY and evaluate its performance. The simulation results show that AECY can be effectively adopted in combination with the optimized loading, unloading list, lower waiting time, and reduce the number of crane conflicts on the yard and the average length of the truck queues in the terminal. Therefore the new process procedure of AECY and its simulation results help to improve the efficiency, and the capacity of container yard, and meet the future demand of the container terminal of Shanghai international shipping center.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic empty container yard (AECY),Handling system,Simulation
Lateral guidance of heavy-duty vehicle platoons using model-based predictive control	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Heavy-duty vehicle platoons are a possible future form of organising goods traffic. Only the leading vehicle is manually driven while all the following vehicles are automatically controlled in longitudinal and lateral direction. This paper presents a concept for the generation of reference variables as well as for a model-based predictive control (MPC) scheme to be used for the lateral control within the path tracking. It enables the following vehicles to track the path of the leading vehicle directly by using on-board sensors as well as the existing communication structure of the platoon. It is shown that the presented control concept is feasible and it is evaluated in simulations of tractor-semitrailer platoons using Matlab/Simulink. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the reference generation as well as of the proposed MPC control scheme. The application to real vehicles will be part of the current project KONVOI at RWTH Aachen. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Automotive control,Model-based predictive control,Reference variables,Vehicle dynamics
RFID-based RTLS for improvement of operation system in container terminals	2006	2006 Asia-Pacific Conference on Communications, APCC	Shipping companies consider most of the ship turnaround time as a critical factor when selecting a calling port for reducing costs. Container terminal operator tries to improve the port quality of service requested by a shipping line to maximize the productivity of container terminals. Therefore, this thesis proposes RFID (Radio Frequency Identification)-based RTLS (Real Time Location System) for enhancing the performance of terminal operation system. The suggest container terminal's yard allocation for ubiquitous computing is based on current yard allocation algorism. What is difference from the existed algorism is that it shall not apply container-loading sequence to each of independent containers, but shall apply to each of group in use the RFID based RTLS. In addition, preplanning based on ubiquitous computing environment will support working of gantry cranes and yard tractors, and shorten ship turnaround time, more efficiently. It can accomplish the whole lead-time of port logistics. 2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	25	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Container terminal,Logistics,RFID,RTLS,Terminal operation system,Ubiquitous computing
Study on the construction of IV transverse locomotion pattern space based on FCM	2006	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	A new idea was presented to deal with the nonlinear and time-varying characteristics of the intelligent vehicle (IV). It searched a mapping relationship between the input state space and output state space based on the vehicle running data. Furthermore the IV transverse locomotion pattern space was constructed. The construction method was deduced based on fuzzy C-Means (FCM) by the well adaptive abilities of the fuzzy logic to deal with the nonlinear, time-varying and uncertainty problems. At last the method was simulated. The simulation result shows that the method can cluster the sampled data set effectively. Clustering set is clear, and the subspace is divided distinctly. It provides a theoretical basis for constructing IV locomotion pattern space.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Clustering,FCM,IV,Transverse locomotion pattern space
Research on fuzzy petri net performance of welding flexible system	2006	Cailiao Kexue yu Gongyi/Material Science and Technology	The fuzzy theory and Petri net theory are adopted in this paper to model on robot welding flexible system. A STCPN model with fuzzy and multi information is designed. Combining Petri net theory, a way with borderline and conservation is designed to analyze fuzzy Petri net model. With this way, this paper proves FSTCPN model have those requested characteristics and results show that the model fulfills borderline and conservation of pure Petri net model. The research way can supply a reference to analyze performance of fuzzy Petri net model in the future in welding area.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Materials Science (all)	Fuzzy theory,Model,Petri net,Welding robot
A three-phase inductively coupled power transfer system	2006	2006 1st IEEE Conference on Industrial Electronics and Applications	This paper discusses the development of a new three phase bipolar Inductively Coupled Power Transfer (ICPT) system for improving the power profile across the width of a roadway surface for automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) and people mover systems. A prototype system was constructed that supplies 40 Amperes per phase into a thirteen meter long track to supply power to a number of moving vehicles (toy cars). Flat pick-ups are used on the underside of the vehicle and FEM software was successfully used to determine a suitable geometrical position for the cables in the track resulting in a considerably wider power delivery zone than possible using a single-phase track layout. Mutual coupling effects between the various track phases, requires additional compensation to be added to ensure balanced three-phase currents. Experimental tests verified simulation results with a high degree of accuracy.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	14	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Autonomous distributed genetic approach for route planning problems	2006	2006 SICE-ICASE International Joint Conference	We consider the pickup and delivery problem with time windows as a general model of the practical transportation problems in automated guided vehicle systems, logistic systems, etc. The problem requires that any paired pickup and delivery locations have to be served by one vehicle and the pickup location has to be scheduled before the corresponding delivery location in the route. In this paper, to search a set of routes close to the optimal one, we propose the autonomous distributed genetic approach based on the search space decomposition for the problem. In this approach, first, the search space is divided into sub-spaces based on the number of customers loaded in each vehicle. Then, GA is applied in each sub-space. In addition, the dynamic separation is applied for an efficient search. The effectiveness of the search space decomposition is evaluated by computational experiments.  2006 ICASE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dynamic separation,Genetic algorithm,Pickup and delivery problem,Search space decomposition
Model structure reduction of information on welding flexible system	2006	Cailiao Kexue yu Gongyi/Material Science and Technology	According to petri net theory, a model of robot welding flexible system is designed in the paper. Because of model structure complexity with information, of which will make model can't reflect information characteristic of system, an arithmetic is designed and reduces the designed robot. Results indicate that the model becomes more concision and it can reflect information characteristic more fully after the model is processed by the arithmetic.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Materials Science (all)	Model,Robot,Structure reduction,Welding flexible system
Vehicle lateral position estimation method based on matching of top-view images	2006	Proceedings - International Conference on Pattern Recognition	In this paper, a method to estimate the lateral position of the vehicle from a sequence of moving camera images is proposed. Proposed method relies on the plane projective transform (Homography) between the ground and the image plane of the present and the next frame. Homographies are obtained according to the information of the calibrated camera and the vehicles' speed. The movement of the camera is obtained by the registration of the 2 consecutive input images. The proposed method does not rely on extraction of features such as lines, flow vectors or lane markers, but based on matching of warped top-view images between two consecutive frames. Therefore, vehicle movement can be estimated even from images without such explicit image features or without special sensors or GPS. In this paper, experiments are done with both synthesized and real images and enough accuracy is shown even compared to conventional method.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	7	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
From the magic square to the optimisation of networks of AGVs and from MIP to an improved randomized tabu-like optimisation algorithm	2006	WSEAS Transactions on Systems	In a previous work we presented an algorithm inspired in the Strong Artificial Intelligence and in the minimax optimisation that imitates the human being in the solution of the magic square and we showed that in most cases its performance was better than the human's performance and even better than the performance of the best genetic algorithms to solve the magic square, in terms of number of changes. In this paper we adapt and transform this algorithm to solve the optimisation of an AGVs network problem, using as a first test case 9 workstations in fixed positions and 9 operations to be executed, and the optimisation problem is translated in the search of which of the 9! possible manners to distribute 9 operations by the 9 workstations that minimizes the total production time for a given plan of production. As a final validation test, using random search, in 1000 runs it never reached the optimal solution at the end of 100000 iterations. Finally we considered the more general case where the number of workstations is greater than the number of operations, and so there are some workstations that make the same operation, and we will have a layout with repetitions and multiple trajectories that implement the same product. This turns the problem more complex since when a product has operations that are executed by various workstations we must search all the possible combinations and find the average distance over all possible trajectories associated to a product. Furthermore the generation of all 'permutations with repetitions' is more complex and in the literature there are no published algorithm to generate this type of combinatorial entities. The Mixed Integer Programming approach proves to be impractical even for a simple test case of two products defined as sequences of four operations since the implementation of the division of the total distance over all trajectories that implement a product by their number turns the MIP model very big and combinatorial explosive. Again our algorithm adapted to layouts with repetitions presented very good results for this simple test case of 9 machines, 4 operations and 2 products.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AI minimax algorithm to solve the magic square,Evolutionary algorithm to optimize AGVs networks,Improved hybrid algorithm to optimize AGVs networks,Optimisation of AGVs networks
Hybrid system modeling of crude oil operations for refinery process	2006	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To reduce the difficulty of modeling and analysis for oil refining industry, modelings of the four sub-processes in crude oil operation process were implemented by using Controlled-Colored-Timed Petri Net (CCTPN). These models are resource-oriented, compact, and could be clearly understood. They can not only describe the system behavior characteristics, but also be the assistant tool of system simulation, performance analysis, conflict check, and short-term production scheduling.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Hybrid system modeling,Oil refining industry,Petri net
The specifiability requirement in mobile robot self-localization	2006	Intelligent Autonomous Systems 9, IAS 2006	In last years, Simultaneous Localization And Mapping techniques monopolize research in mobile robot self-localization, especially in the civilian, Service Robotics domain. In this paper we argue that techniques derived from the industrial scenario, in particular beacon-based triangulation systems, should be taken into considerations even for civilian applications whenever we deem important to provide accurate, a priori specifications about the system behavior in a generic, yet untested environment. The paper provides an analytical expression of sensitivity to errors for triangulation depending on the system geometry.  2006 The authors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Computer Science (all),Computational Mechanics,Control and Systems Engineering	Beacon-based triangulation,Mobile Robotics,System design
Zone-based vehicle control in unified AMHS for weafer fabs	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper focuses on the analysis of transport strategies in Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHS) for the semiconductor industry. A difference against previous work is that our approach takes into account the unified nature of inter-bay and intra-bay load transport operations that, in the past, have limited the practical usefulness of the results provided. Since in a unified AMHS vehicles can travel along the whole network path to deliver loads directly from one machine to another without passing by intermediate stroage, we propose a strategy that divides the network into zones and assigns a fleet of vehicles to each zone in order to decrease the time needed to serve a transportation request. The problem is addressed by means of a hybrid simulation-optimization approach. The distribution of vehicles is addressed using integer linear programming, and the solution is implemented on a detailed simulation model of the semiconductor factory in order to analyze factory dynamics. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Colombia	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automation,Material handling,Mathematical programming,Simulation,VLSI manufacturing
Motion coordination of multiple autonomous vehicles in dynamic and strictly constrained environments	2006	2006 IEEE Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems	With the increasing applications of fully autonomous vehicles, efficient motion coordination of multi-autonomous vehicles becomes a very important problem as it significantly affects the productivity. This problem is even harder to solve with the increases of the number of autonomous vehicles employed in a dynamic changing environment and constraints to vehicle movement. This paper presents a simultaneous path and motion planning (SiPaMoP) approach to coordinate motions of multi-autonomous vehicles in dynamic and strictly constrained environments. This approach integrates the path planning, collision avoidance and motion planning into a comprehensive model, which has so far not attracted a lot of attention in the academic literature, and optimizes vehicles' path and speed to minimize the completion time of a set of tasks. Simulation results demonstrated that this approach can effectively coordinate the motion of a team of vehicles, and solve the problems of traffic congestion and collision under various traffic conditions.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	14	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Motion coordination,Motion planning,Multi-autonomous vehicles,Path planning
Replanning of multiple autonomous vehicles in material handling	2006	2006 IEEE Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics	The fully automated docks in Australia present opportunities for applications of autonomous vehicles and engineering innovation. When planning tasks to be done by multi-autonomous vehicles in an enclosed area with a known dynamic map (i.e. bi-directional path network), there are many issues that have not yet been comprehensively solved. The real world presents more complexity than the initial algorithms addressed. There are problems that occur due to interaction with the real-world. This means autonomous vehicles can stop, are affected, or face problems, and hence tasks and vehicles' paths and motion need to be replanned. In order to replan, a greater understanding of the state of vehicles, the state of the map, and importantly the importance of tasks and vehicles is definitely needed. This paper explores the improvements made to replanning by gaining a thorough understanding of the map and then utilising map information to make the best, most efficient replanning decision. Five replanning Methods are investigated and four Options which combine the Methods in different ways, are tested in this research. A map analysis Method is also presented. Simulation studies show that map information based replanning is the most efficient Method out of those tested.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	1	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering	Multi-autonomous vehicles,Path planning,Replanning
Performance analysis of an autonomous mobile robot mapping system for outdoor environments	2006	9th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, 2006, ICARCV '06	As unmanned ground vehicles take on more and more intelligent tasks, determination of potential obstacles and accurate estimation of their position become critical for successful navigation and path planning. The performance analysis of obstacle mapping and unmanned vehicle positioning in outdoor environments is the subject of this paper. Recently, the National Institute of Standards and Technology's (NIST) Intelligent Systems Division has been a part of the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency LAGR (Learning Applied to Ground Robots) Program. NIST's objective for the LAGR Project is to insert learning algorithms into the modules that make up the NIST 4D/RCS (Four Dimensional/Real-Time Control System) standard reference model architecture which has been successfully applied to many intelligent systems. We detail world modeling techniques used in the 4D/RCS architecture and then analyze the high precision maps generated by the vehicle world modeling algorithms as compared to ground truth obtained from an independent differential GPS system operable throughout most of the NIST campus. This work has implications, not only for outdoor vehicles but also, for indoor automated guided vehicles where future systems will have more and more onboard intelligence requiring non-contact sensors to provide accurate vehicle and object positioning.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering	Global positioning system,Mapping,Performance analysis,Stereo vision,World modeling
An initial task assignment method for autonomous distributed vehicle systems with finite buffer capacity	2006	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper discusses an on-line Tasks Assignment and Routing Problem(TARP) for Autonomous Transportation Systems(ATSs) in manufacturing systems. The TARP results in a constrained version of the Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows(PDPTW). As an approach to this problem, a cooperative algorithm with autonomous distributed agents has been proposed. The algorithm is able to plan deadlock-free routes even though the buffer capacity is less, but includes reformability at the point that computation time of that case increases drastically. This paper proposes an initial task assignment method to reduce computation time on planning routes. Results of computational experiments show effectiveness of the proposed method.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Engineering (all)	None
Applying the ATAM to an architecture for decentralized control of a transportation system	2006	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	For two years, we have been involved in a challenging project to develop a new architecture for an industrial transportation system. The motivating quality attributes to develop this innovative architecture were flexibility and openness. Taking these quality attributes into account, we proposed a decentralized architecture using multiagent systems (MASs). A MAS consists of multiple autonomous entities that coordinate with each other to achieve decentralized control. The typical advantages attributed to such decentralized architecture are flexibility and openness, the motivating quality attributes to apply MAS in this case. The Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method (ATAM) was used to provide insights wether our architecture meets the expected flexibility and openness, and to identify tradeoffs with other quality attributes. Applying the ATAM proved to be a valuable experience. One of the main outcome of applying the ATAM was the identification of a tradeoff between flexibility and communication load that results from the use of a decentralized architecture. This paper describes our experiences in applying the ATAM to a MAS architecture, containing both the main outcomes of the evaluation and a critical reflection on the ATAM itself.  2006 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	18	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Hierarchical multi-agent reinforcement learning	2006	Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems	In this paper, we investigate the use of hierarchical reinforcement learning (HRL) to speed up the acquisition of cooperative multi-agent tasks. We introduce a hierarchical multi-agent reinforcement learning (RL) framework, and propose a hierarchical multi-agent RL algorithm called Cooperative HRL. In this framework, agents are cooperative and homogeneous (use the same task decomposition). Learning is decentralized, with each agent learning three interrelated skills: how to perform each individual subtask, the order in which to carry them out, and how to coordinate with other agents. We define cooperative subtasks to be those subtasks in which coordination among agents significantly improves the performance of the overall task. Those levels of the hierarchy which include cooperative subtasks are called cooperation levels. A fundamental property of the proposed approach is that it allows agents to learn coordination faster by sharing information at the level of cooperative subtasks, rather than attempting to learn coordination at the level of primitive actions. We study the empirical performance of the Cooperative HRL algorithm using two testbeds: a simulated two-robot trash collection task, and a larger four-agent automated guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling problem. We compare the performance and speed of Cooperative HRL with other learning algorithms, as well as several well-known industrial AGV heuristics. We also address the issue of rational communication behavior among autonomous agents in this paper. The goal is for agents to learn both action and communication policies that together optimize the task given a communication cost. We extend the multi-agent HRL framework to include communication decisions and propose a cooperative multi-agent HRL algorithm called COM-Cooperative HRL. In this algorithm, we add a communication level to the hierarchical decomposition of the problem below each cooperation level. Before an agent makes a decision at a cooperative subtask, it decides if it is worthwhile to perform a communication action. A communication action has a certain cost and provides the agent with the actions selected by the other agents at a cooperation level. We demonstrate the efficiency of the COM-Cooperative HRL algorithm as well as the relation between the communication cost and the learned communication policy using a multi-agent taxi problem.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2006.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	72	Artificial Intelligence	Communication,Cooperative multi-agent systems,Coordination,Hierarchical reinforcement learning
Embedded robotics: Mobile robot design and applications with embedded systems: Second edition	2006	Embedded Robotics: Mobile Robot Design and Applications with Embedded Systems: Second Edition	This book presents a unique combination of mobile robots and embedded systems, from introductory to intermediate level. It is structured in three parts, dealing with embedded systems (hardware and software design, actuators, sensors, PID control, multitasking), mobile robot design (driving, balancing, walking, and flying robots), and mobile robot applications (mapping, robot soccer, genetic algorithms, neural networks, behavior-based systems, and simulation). The book is written as a text for courses in computer science, computer engineering, IT, electronic engineering, and mechatronics, as well as a guide for robot hobbyists and researchers.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2003, 2006. All rights are reserved.	Book	b	bk	Book	Australia	69	Computer Science (all)	None
Visualization of pallets	2006	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has been studying pallet visualization for the automated guided vehicle (AGV) industry. Through a cooperative research and development agreement with Transbotics, an AGV manufacturer, NIST has developed advanced sensor processing and world modeling algorithms to verify pallet location and orientation with respect to the AGV. Sensor processing utilizes two onboard AGV, single scan-line, laser-range units. The "Safety" sensor is a safety unit located at the base of a forktruck AGV and the "Panner" sensor is a panning laser-ranger rotated 90 degrees, mounted on a rotating motor, and mounted at the top, front of the AGV. The Safety sensor, typically used to detect obstacles such as humans, was also used to detect pallets and their surrounding area such as the walls of a truck to be loaded with pallets. The Panner, was used to acquire many scan-lines of range data which was processed into a 3D point cloud and segment out the pallet by a priori, approximate pallet load or remaining truck volumes. A world model was then constructed and output to the vehicle for pallet/truck volume verification. This paper will explain this joint government/industry project and results of using LADAR imaging methods.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	9	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	4D/RCS,LADAR,Pallet visualization,Sensor processing,World modeling
Moving target detection through omniorientational vision fixed on AGV	2006	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Extremely wide view of the omni-vision performs highly advanced for the vehicle navigation and target detection. However moving targets detection through omni-vision fixed on AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle) involves more complex environments, where both the targets and the vehicle are in the moving condition. The moving targets will be detected in a moving background. After analyzing the character on omniorientational vision and image, we propose to use the estimation in optical flow fields, Gabor filter over optical flow fields for detecting moving objects. Because polar angle θ and polar radius R of polar coordinates are being changed as the targets moving, we improved optical flow approach which can be calculated based on the polar coordinates at the omniorientational center. We constructed Gabor filter which has 24 orientations every 15°, and filter optical flow fields at 24 orientations. By the contrast of the Gabor filter images at the same orientation and the same AGV position between the situation which there aren't any moving targets in the environment and the situation which there are some moving targets in the same environment, the moving targets' optical flow fields could be recognized. Experiment results show that the proposed approach is feasible and effective.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Gabor filters,Omniorientational vision,Optical flow
A simulation study on the performance of pickup-dispatching rules for multiple-load AGVs	2006	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In this paper, the pickup-dispatching problem of multiple-load AGVs (automated guided vehicles) is studied. This problem is defined in the multiple-load control process proposed by Ho and Chien [Ho, Y. C., & Chien, S. H. (2004). A simulation study on the performance of delivery-dispatching rules for multiple-load AGVs. In E. Kozan (Ed.), Proceedings of abstracts and papers (On CD-ROM) of the 5th Asia-Pacific industrial engineering and management systems conference and the 7th Asia-Pacific division meeting of the international foundation of production research (pp. 18.1.1-18.1.15). Brisbane: APIEMS]. Their control process identifies four problems faced by a multiple-load AGV. These problems are task-determination, delivery-dispatching, pickup-dispatching and load-selection. This paper focuses on the third problem. For this problem, nine pickup-dispatching rules are proposed and studied. The first, second and fourth problems are not the main focus of this study, thus only one task-determination rule, one delivery-dispatching rule and two load-selection rules are adopted for them. The objective of this study is twofold. First, to understand the performance of the proposed rules in different performance measures, e.g., the system's throughput, the mean flow time of parts (MFTP) and the mean tardiness of parts (MTP). Second, the effects that the proposed rules have on each other's performance are investigated. Computer simulations are used to achieve these objectives. The experimental results reveal a rule that dispatches vehicles to the machine with the greatest output queue length is the best in all performance measures. Also, distance-based or due-time-based rules do not perform as well as queue-based rules. It is also found that the performance of pickup-dispatching rules is affected by different load-selections rules.  2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	32	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Computer simulation,Multiple-load AGV,Pickup-dispatching rule
Stabilization control parameters optimization and simulation of automatic guided vehicle	2006	Tongji Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Tongji University	Parameter optimization is considered in this paper to improve stability of automatic guided vehicle (AGV), and the restriction of parameters is relaxed in order to make AGV system more stable. Three conclusions can be drawn from simulation: stablilization control parameters have great influence on the stability of AGV; the optimal parameters are different if original position of AGV is changed; the stability of AGV can be greatly improved by optimizing control parameters.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Multidisciplinary	Automatic guided vehicle,Control parameter,Optimization,Stabilization
A cost based evaluation of a zones formation algorithm in tandem AGV systems	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In tandem AGV systems, the shop floor is partitioned into a group of non-overlapping zones, where each is served by a single dedicated vehicle. In this paper, a two phase algorithm for partitioning tandem AGV systems is proposed. The proposed algorithm serves a number of objectives including minimizing the total handling cost, minimizing the maximum workload in the system and minimizing the number of between-zones trips. The algorithm is equipped with parameters to enable the user to select one of these objectives or to optimize a combination of them. The performance of the algorithm regarding the objective of minimizing the material handling cost is evaluated by experimental design. The experiment is based on comparing the solutions obtained by the proposed algorithm with best solutions obtained by a 'rationalized exhaustive enumeration' procedure for a group of randomly generated problems. The analytical results showed that the proposed algorithm obtains an average of 99.53% efficiency, and that none of the considered factors has a main significant effect on the performance of the algorithm in regards to the objective of minimizing the total material handling cost, however, a few of the interaction effects are significant.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2006.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Experimental design,Simulation,Tandem,Zones formation
Single- and multi-objective facility layout with workflow interference considerations	2006	European Journal of Operational Research	The effect of workflow interference is a major concern in facility layout design. Yet, despite the extensive amount of research conducted on the facility layout problem, very little has been done to incorporate interference as part of an overall approach to layout design. This paper examines the impact of workflow interference considerations on facility layout analyses. Linear and nonlinear integer programming formulations of the problem are presented. The structural properties of the resulting formulations, as applied to facility design, are investigated. Finally, a multi-objective approach to facility layout design is presented, incorporating the traditional distance-based objective with that of workflow interference.  2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	17	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Assignment,Combinatorial optimization,Facilities planning and design
Case studies on an approach to multiple autonomous vehicle motion coordination	2006	Wuhan Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Wuhan University of Technology	This paper conducts a series of case studies on a novel Simultaneous Path and Motion Planning (SiPaMoP) approach to multiple autonomous or Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) motion coordination in bidirectional networks. The SiPaMoP approach plans collision-free paths for vehicles based on the principle of shortest path by dynamically changing the vehicles ' paths, traveling speeds or waiting times, whichever gives the shortest traveling time. It integrates path planning, collision avoidance and motion planning into a comprehensive model and optimizes the vehicles' path and motion to minimize the completion time of a set of tasks. Five case studies, i.e., head-on collision avoidance, catching-up collision avoidance, buffer node generation and collision avoidance, priority based motion coordination, and safety distance based planning, are presented. The results demonstrated that the method can effectively plan the path and motion for a team of autonomous vehicles or AGVs, and solve the problems of traffic congestion and collision under various conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	0	Engineering (all)	Autonomous vehicles,Motion coordination,Path planning
Two-stage method for synthesizing liveness-enforcing supervisors for flexible manufacturing systems using Petri nets	2006	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	This paper develops a two-stage approach to synthesizing liveness-enforcing supervisors for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) that can be modeled by a class of Petri nets. First, we find siphons that need to be controlled using a mixed integer programming (MIP) method. This way avoids complete siphon enumeration that is more time-consuming for a sizable plant model than the MIP method. Monitors are added for only those siphons that require them. Second, we rearrange the output arcs of the monitors on condition that liveness is still preserved. The liveness is verified by an MIP-based deadlock detection method instead of much time-consuming reachability analysis. Experimental studies show that the proposed approach is more efficient than the existing ones and can result in more permissive and structurally simpler liveness-enforcing supervisors than all the known existing methods. This paper makes the application of siphon-based deadlock control methods to industrial-size FMS possible.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	220	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock prevention,Elementary siphon,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net,Siphon
Cranes with brains	2006	ABB Review	The Euromax shipping terminal is a joint venture by Hutchinson-Whampoa of Hong-Kong, and AP Möller of Denmark. Their objective is to design, build and operate a new terminal in Rotterdam, utilizing advanced technology in order to keep ship berthing times short and cost per handled container low. ABB won the order for electrical and automation equipment, with Zhenhua Port Machinery Company (ZPMC) of Shanghai, being chosen for the mechanical part of the cranes. The process flow and the types of cranes used in Euromax are basically the same as used in CTA. Containers are unloaded/loaded from the vessel by means of ship-to-shore crane (STS). The container is automatically loaded on an automatic guided vehicle (AGV), which takes the container to a storage area, which is covered by automatic rail-mounted gantry cranes (ARMG). ABB enables the rapid introduction of automation in new and existing terminals by providing standardized integrated systems.	Journal	j	re	Review	Sweden	2	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A simulation study on the performance of task-determination rules and delivery-dispatching rules for multiple-load AGVs	2006	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, the control problem of multiple-load automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is studied. A control process that identifies four problems faced by multiple-load AGVs is proposed. The first problem is the task-determination problem, in which a multiple-load AGV determines whether its next task is a pickup task or a delivery task. The second problem is the delivery-dispatching problem, in which a multiple-load AGV determines which delivery point it should visit next if its next task is a delivery task. The third problem is the pickup-dispatching problem, in which a multiple-load AGV determines which pickup point it should visit next if its next task is a pickup task. Finally, the fourth problem is the load-selection problem, which requires a multiple-load AGV to determine which load it should pick up from the output queue of a pickup point. This paper focuses on the first and second problems. Different task-determination rules and delivery-dispatching rules are proposed for these two problems. For the problems that are not the main focus of this study, rules found in the literature or real systems are adopted in this study. The objective of this study is twofold. First, we need to understand how well the proposed rules will perform in different performance measures, e.g. the system's throughput and the mean lateness of parts. Second, we need to understand the mutual effects that different types of rules have on each other, so that the best combination of rules can be identified. Computer simulations were conducted to test the performance of the proposed rules. It is hoped the knowledge learned from this study can be beneficial to real multiple-load AGV systems similar to the one studied here.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	22	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Computer simulation,Delivery-dispatching rule,Multiple-load AGV,Task-determination rule,Vehicle dispatching
Advanced manufacturing simulation: Minor system details can be major issues in the real world	2006	Industrial Management and Data Systems	Purpose - This paper aims to highlight the complex nature of automated guided vehicle (AGV) simulation model building, and especially how system modelling details affect the end results. This is an important issue in all of the transportation simulation systems, since they are service-based by their nature, and additional inefficiencies create unanticipated performance downgrading. Design/methodology/approach - This paper uses a simulation approach, and simulated systems are based on a real-life case study and on well accepted hypothetical simulation example. Findings - Simulation system boundaries are often neglected in the model building, and especially interface to inbound (and possibly outbound) material flow should be considered carefully; based on these research results, AGV investments are seen in an entirely different light, as system boundary is enlarged to contain more realistically interacting elements. Similar system boundary issues were found from the case study: interface with overhead gantry did not provide near optimal performance. The case study also revealed that high speed of AGVs is not necessarily worth additional investment; constraints exist in safety, acceleration and ability to turn in corners. Research limitations/implications - The findings are based on the simulation work and, to see the real implications, real-life implementations on policy level are needed. Practical implications - Results of this research provide more insights for manufacturing unit investments, and especially in the scope of automated transportation system use. Also changes in manufacturing flow management issues, after investing in, for example, AGV systems, are different from in less-automated manufacturing units. Originality/value - This research work provides more insights to simulation research work, especially from the perspective of transportation systems. Also implications arising from case study are unique as being compared to previous research in the field.  Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	6	Management Information Systems,Industrial Relations,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Manufacturing systems,Simulation,Strategic planning
Container shipping AGV system guided by vision in ports	2006	Nanjing Hangkong Hangtian Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics	A container shipping automatic guided vehicle (AGV) system used in the port is proposed based on particularities of the port. The system is based on vision guidance, and then works in a way of identifying and tracking. At identifying, improved sobel operators and Hough transformation with adjustable parameters are provided. At tracking, an idea using adaptive fuzzy feedback for improving the system identification quality and frequency stability is used in the system. A new fast process about video image stabilization is presented to make parameters of the AGV control system stable. Experimental results show that the system realizes all-weather working of AGV in the port, and keeps the identifying error under 5 cm when the velocity of AGV is 8 m/s.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Aerospace Engineering	Adaptive fuzzy,Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Image processing,Vision guidance
Deadlock handling for real-time control of AGVs at automated container terminals	2006	OR Spectrum	In automated container terminals, situations occur where quay cranes, stacking cranes, and automated guided vehicles (AGVs), directly or indirectly request each other to start a specific process. Hence, all of the affected resources are blocked, possibly leading to the complete deadlock of individual cranes or AGVs. Particularly, AGVs are liable to deadlocks because they always need a secondary resource, either a quay crane or a stacking crane, to perform the pick-up and drop-off operations. Because usually no buffering of containers takes place at the interfaces between AGVs and cranes, the consequences of deadlocks are rather severe. Two different methods for the detection of deadlocks are presented. One is based on a matrix representation of the terminal system. The other directly traces the requests for the individual resources. To resolve deadlock situations arising in an automated container terminal, three different procedures are proposed. These procedures aim to modify the sequence of handling operations or to assign them to alternative resources so that conflicts between concurrent processes are resolved. The suitability of the concept is demonstrated in an extensive simulation study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	24	Management Science and Operations Research	AGV dispatching,Container terminals,Deadlock detection and resolution
Strategies for dispatching AGVs at automated seaport container terminals	2006	OR Spectrum	Control of logistics operations at container terminals is an extremely complex task, especially if automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are employed. In AGV dispatching, the stochastic nature of the handling systems must be taken into account. For instance, handling times of quay and stacking cranes as well as release times of transportation orders are not exactly known in advance. We present a simulation study of AGV dispatching strategies in a seaport container terminal, where AGVs can be used in single or dual-carrier mode. The latter allows transporting two small-sized (20 ft) or one large-sized (40 ft) container at a time, while in single-mode only one container is loaded onto the AGV irrespective of the size of the container. In our investigation, a typical on-line dispatching strategy adopted from flexible manufacturing systems is compared with a more sophisticated, pattern-based off-line heuristic. The performance of the dispatching strategies is evaluated using a scalable simulation model. The design of the experimental study reflects conditions which are typical of a real automated terminal environment. Major experimental factors are the size of the terminal and the degree of stochastic variations. Results of the simulation study reveal that the pattern-based off-line heuristic proposed by the authors clearly outperforms its on-line counterpart. For the most realistic scenario investigated, a deviation from a lower bound of less than 5% is achieved when the dual-load capability of the AGVs is utilized.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	58	Management Science and Operations Research	AGV dispatching,Container terminals,On-line and off-line control,Simulation
Mobile robotic platform controller with an effective data communication protocol	2006	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	The current paper presents the design, implementation, and experimental results of the motion controller design of an effective data communication mobile robot platform developed for independently controlling each robotic drive wheel. The main objective of the research was to determine the data communication efficiency based on a three-wire bus, n-bit serial latched data communication system for independently controlling the closed-loop motion of each robotic wheel without the inclusion of a line tracer sensor unit on a robot. Odometry test results show that the motion controller model proposed is effective for applications in an automated guided vehicle used in manufacturing facilities.  2006 IMechE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Fiji	3	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Data pockets,Encapsulation/ decapsulation,Mobile robot,PWM,Speed/motion control
Comparing transportation systems for inter-terminal transport at the Maasvlakte container terminals	2006	OR Spectrum	In this paper, a comparison between three transportation systems for the overland transport of containers between container terminals is presented. A simulation model has been developed to assist in this respect. Transport in this study can be done by either multi-trailers, automated guided vehicles or automated lifting vehicles. The model is equipped with a rule-based control system as well as an advanced planning algorithm. The model is applied to a realistic scenario for the Maasvlakte situation in the near future. The experiments give insight into the importance of the different characteristics of the transport systems and their interaction with the handling equipment. Finally, a cost analysis has been executed to support management investment decisions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	56	Management Science and Operations Research	Automated container terminals,Discrete event simulation,Inter-terminal transport,Transport systems
Deadlock prevention for automated guided vehicles in automated container terminals	2006	OR Spectrum	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are an important component for automating container terminals. When utilizing AGVs to transport containers from one position to another in a container terminal, deadlocks are a serious problem that must be solved before real operations can take place. This study assumes that the traveling area for AGVs is divided into a large number of grid-blocks, and, as a method of traffic control, grid-blocks are reserved in advance when AGVs are running. The first purpose of the reservation is to make room between AGVs and to prevent deadlocks. The objective of this study is to develop an efficient deadlock prediction and prevention algorithm for AGV systems in automated container terminals. Because the size of an AGV is much larger than the size of a grid-block on a guide path, this study assumes that an AGV may occupy more than one grid-block at a time. This study proposes a method for reserving grid-blocks in advance to prevent deadlocks. A graphical representation method is suggested for a reservation schedule and a priority table is suggested to maintain priority consistency among grid-blocks. It is shown that the priority consistency guarantees deadlock-free reservation schedules for AGVs to cross the same area at the same time. The proposed method was tested in a simulation study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	27	Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Deadlock,Graph
Inventory-based dispatching of automated guided vehicles on container terminals	2006	OR Spectrum	This paper deals with automated guided vehicles (AGVs) which transport containers between the quay and the stack on automated container terminals. The focus is on the assignment of transportation jobs to AGVs within a terminal control system operating in real time. First, we describe a rather common problem formulation based on due times for the jobs and solve this problem both with a greedy priority rule based heuristic and with an exact algorithm. Subsequently, we present an alternative formulation of the assignment problem, which does not include due times. This formulation is based on a rough analogy to inventory management and is solved using an exact algorithm. The idea behind this alternative formulation is to avoid estimates of driving times, completion times, due times, and tardiness because such estimates are often highly unreliable in practice and do not allow for accurate planning. By means of simulation, we then analyze the different approaches. We show that the inventory-based model leads to better productivity on the terminal than the due-time-based formulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	60	Management Science and Operations Research	Assignment problem,Automated guided vehicles,Container logistics,Container terminal,Dispatching,Simulation
A literature survey on the design approaches and operational issues of automated wafer-transport systems for wafer fabs	2006	Production Planning and Control	The goal of operations management is to provide design methods for production systems that are inexpensive to construct and efficient to operate. When addressing the shop design topic, facility layout and material handling system design are two important and interconnected problems. This paper focuses on these problems for the particular case of the integrated circuit (IC) semiconductor manufacturing industry. Its aim is to provide a review of important literature on various aspects of factory design, such as facility layout, automated material handling systems (AMHS) design and AMHS operational issues. Research studies are critically examined and emerging opportunities for future research are identified. This analysis has general applicability as a reference tutorial for practitioners and researchers within the operations management community.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Colombia	67	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Facility layout,Material handling systems,Semiconductor manufacturing,Survey
A fuzzy-braitenberg navigation strategy for differential drive mobile robots	2006	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	In this paper a novel algorithm is developed to achieve efficient and smooth navigation for a differential drive mobile robot in unknown environments. The algorithm takes advantage of the essential characteristics of a differential drive robot and combines fuzzy logic with the ideas of Braitenberg vehicles. We have also proposed and tested a new technique for tuning a membership function referred to as NEAR representing the closeness of the robot to an obstacle. The tuning scheme is obtained based on the distribution directives of the range sensors on the robot. The resulting navigation algorithm has been implemented on a real mobile robot and tested in various environments. Some problems in the implemented algorithm are identified and effective solutions are proposed. Experimental results are presented which demonstrate the effectiveness and improved performance of the resulting Fuzzy-Braitenberg navigation scheme.  2006 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	26	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Braitenberg vehicle,Differential mobile robot,Fuzzy logic,Navigation system,Unknown environment
Simulation of a multiterminal system for container handling	2006	OR Spectrum	A generic simulation model structure for the design and evaluation of multiterminal systems for container handling is proposed. A model is constructed by combining three basic functions: transport, transfer, and stacking. It can be used for further detailing of the subsystems in the terminal complex while preserving the container flow patterns in the system. The modeling approach has been applied to the complete set of existing and future terminals in the Rotterdam port area, using forecasts of containers flows, statistical data from existing terminals, expert opinions, and conceptual designs of the new port area called "second Maasvlakte". Experimental results including the requirements for deep-sea quay lengths, storage capacities, and equipment for interterminal transport are shown. Further traffic flows on the terminal infrastructure are determined, and the consequences of applying security scanning of containers are evaluated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	53	Management Science and Operations Research	Conceptual design,Container terminal,Process interaction method,Simulation,Strategic
A navigation system for automated loaders in underground mines	2006	Springer Tracts in Advanced Robotics	For underground mining operations human operated LHD vehicles are typically used for transporting ore. Because of security issues and of the cost of human operators, alternative solutions such as tele-operated vehicles are often in use. Tele-operation, however, leads to reduced efficiency, and it is not an ideal solution. Full automation of the LHD vehicles is a challenging task, which is expected to result in increased operational efficiency, cost efficiency, and safety. In this paper, we present our approach to a fully automated solution currently under development. We use a fuzzy behavior-based approach for navigation, and develop a cheap and robust localization technique based on the deployment of inexpensive passive radio frequency identification (RFID) tags at key points in the mine.  Springer-Verlag Berlin/Heidelberg 2006.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Sweden	9	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous robots,Behavior-based navigation,Fuzzy logic,Hybrid maps,Mining vehicles,RFID
Performance analysis of unmanned vehicle positioning and obstacle mapping	2006	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	As unmanned ground vehicles take on more and more intelligent tasks, determination of potential obstacles and accurate estimation of their position become critical for successful navigation and path planning. The performance analysis of obstacle mapping and unmanned vehicle positioning in outdoor environments is the subject of this paper. Recently, the National Institute of Standards and Technology's (NIST) Intelligent Systems Division has been a part of the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency LAGR (Learning Applied to Ground Robots) Program. NIST's objective for the LAGR Project is to insert learning algorithms into the modules that make up the NIST 4D/RCS (Four Dimensional/Real-Time Control System) standard reference model architecture which has been successfully applied to many intelligent systems. We detail world modeling techniques used in the 4D/RCS architecture and then analyze the high precision maps generated by the vehicle world modeling algorithms as compared to ground truth obtained from an independent differential GPS system operable throughout most of the NIST campus. This work has implications, not only for outdoor vehicles but also, for indoor automated guided vehicles where future systems will have more and more onboard intelligence requiring non-contact sensors to provide accurate vehicle and object positioning.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Global positioning system,Ground truth,Mapping,Performance analysis,Stereo vision,World modeling
Simultaneous scheduling of parts and automated guided vehicles in an FMS environment using adaptive genetic algorithm	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are among various advanced material handling techniques that are finding increasing applications today. They can be interfaced to various other production and storage equipment and controlled through an intelligent computer control system. Both the scheduling of operations on machine centers as well as the scheduling of AGVs are essential factors contributing to the efficiency of the overall flexible manufacturing system (FMS). An increase in the performance of the FMS under consideration would be expected as a result of making the scheduling of AGVs an integral part of the overall scheduling activity. In this paper, simultaneous scheduling of parts and AGVs is done for a particular type of FMS environment by using a non-traditional optimization technique called the adaptive genetic algorithm (AGA). The problem considered here is a large variety problem (16 machines and 43 parts) and combined objective function (minimizing penalty cost and minimizing machine idle time). If the parts and AGVs are properly scheduled, then the idle time of the machining center can be minimized; as such, their utilization can be maximized. Minimizing the penalty cost for not meeting the delivery date is also considered in this work. Two contradictory objectives are to be achieved simultaneously by scheduling parts and AGVs using the adaptive genetic algorithm. The results are compared to those obtained by conventional genetic algorithm.  2006 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptive genetic algorithm,Automatic guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm and scheduling
AGV path planning in the dynamic environment based-on fuzzy neural network	2006	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	In the dynamic environment, the problem of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicles) dynamic path planning is difficult to solve, and a mathematical model of dynamic environment was proposed based on velocity obstacle and the concept of risk degree for collision, also a method of AGV path planning with fuzzy neural network was given. At last, AGV dynamic path planning simulation was carried out in the environment with immobile and mobile obstacle, and the results indicate that the method is feasible.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Fuzzy neural network,Path planning,Risk degree of collision,Velocity obstacle
Development of simulation tool orienting production engineering	2006	Journal of Beijing Institute of Technology (English Edition)	A simulation tool named BITSIM orienting production engineering is developed in order to improve enterprise's productivity and making up the scarcity of computer application. The architecture of BITSIM is presented first. Hierarchical technique, control strategy based on multi-agent and simulation output analysis are depicted in detail then. In the end, an application example is taken out to prove that this system could be used to analyzing different hypothetical situation and configuring the auxiliary manufacturing system before production.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Computer-aided production engineering (CAPE),Hierarchical technique,Multi-agent,Simulation output analysis
Integrated design of workcells and unidirectional flowpath layout	2006	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In manufacturing cells layout design with a unidirectional flow system, the accurate distance between two workcells can be uncovered with both the determination of IO port locations after the layout design of the cell with its orientation and the unidirectional flowpath layout design. This paper presents the method to obtain a global solution for manufacturing workcells and unidirectional flowpath layout design (ICFLD) with consideration of IO ports of workcells. The flow distance between two workcells is calculated from output port of one workcell to input port of the other workcell through the unidirectional flowpath layout. A zero-one integer programming model is developed for the ICFLD problem. And a heuristic algorithm for the ICFLD problem is developed by decomposing the ICFLD problem into two subproblems and iteratively and alternately solving the decomposed subproblems. Computational experiments are performed and its results are analyzed.  2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	6	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Global optimization,Tabu search,Unidirectional flowpath design,Workcells layout design
An obstacle avoidance method for mobile robots based on fuzzy decision-making	2006	Robotica	In this paper, an obstacle avoidance method for wheeled mobile robots is proposed, based on selection of the local target points of robot's movement called "via-points" which are defined in a navigation space, generated by taking into consideration a smooth robot motion. The proposed algorithm utilizes a fuzzy multi-attribute decision-making method in which three fuzzy goals are defined to achieve successful robot navigation by deciding the via-point the robot would proceed at each control step. Via-point is defined as the local target point of a robot's movement at each decision instance. Three fuzzy goals to achieve successful robot navigation are defined. At each decision step, a set of the candidates of a next via-point in a 2D navigation space is constructed by combining various heading angles and velocities. Given the fuzzy goals, the fuzzy decision making enables the robot to choose the best via-point among the candidates. An efficient scheme for local minimum recovery from trappedin situation is also provided. A series of simulations has been performed to study the effects of associated navigation parameters on the navigation performances. The method has been implemented on an actual mobile robot and experimented in real environments. Results from a series of simulations and experiments conducted in real environments show the validity and effectiveness of the proposed navigation method.  2006 Cambridge University Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	12	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Fuzzy decision-making,Mobile robot,Multi-attribute decision-making,Reactive navigation,Via-point selection
Tracking control of automatic guided vehicle based on lane marker navigation	2006	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Chinese Journal of Mechanical Engineering	In order to make an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) identify the guidance path, a method about simplified image processing, including image segmentation, filter, border detection, distortion rectifying and an improved way to get the relative position of the body is presented. The method can reduce noise disturbance and the influence of the distorted image and make AGV perform the real-time image processing. Meanwhile, an optimal control strategy for path tracking controlling of the AGV is presented. In order to testify the correctness of the analysis of theory, the image of lane marker is processed and then the experiment of the path tracking is carried out. The results show that AGV with the method and the optimal control strategy could carry out the path tracking accurately and reliably.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	22	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Automatic guided vehicle,Image processing,Optimal threshold,Path tracking
Network model and effective evolutionary approach for AGV dispatching in manufacturing system	2006	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs), are the state-of-the-art, and are often used to facilitate automatic storage and retrieval systems (AS/RS). In this paper, we focus on the dispatching of AGVs in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). A FMS environment requires a flexible and adaptable material handling system. We model an AGV system by using network structure. This network model of an AGV dispatching has simplexes decision variables with considering most AGV problem's constraints, for example capacity of AGVs, precedence constraints among the processes, deadlock control. Furthermore, these problems can be solved by using a lot of heuristic algorithms as network optimization problems. We are also proposed an effective evolutionary approach for solving a kind of AGV's problems in which minimizing time required to complete all jobs (i.e. makespan) and minimizing the number of AGVs, simultaneously. For applying an evolutionary approach for this multicriteria case of AGV problem, priority-based encoding method and Interactive Adaptive-weight GA (i-awGA) were proposed. Numerical analyses for case study show the effectiveness of proposed approach.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2006.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	53	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV),Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS),Network flows,Priority-based Genetic Algorithm (priGA)
Research on modeling and simulating container terminal system based on hierarchical timed CP-net	2006	Wuhan Ligong Daxue Xuebao (Jiaotong Kexue Yu Gongcheng Ban)/Journal of Wuhan University of Technology (Transportation Science and Engineering)	In this paper, the hierarchical timed CP-net (HTCPN) is presented and the HTCPN model of container terminal system is established with CPN TOOLs in top-down manner. The HTCPN model is simulated based on a container terminal system. The bottleneck of container terminal system is analyzed based on the utilization ratio of quay crane, yard crane and automated guided vehicle (AGV) in the simulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Container terminal system,Hierarchy,Modeling in top-down manner,Timed CPN
Ant colony algorithm for the shortest loop design problem	2006	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In this paper, a new algorithm for solving the shortest loop design problem is presented. The shortest loop design problem is to find the shortest loop for an automated guided vehicle covering at least one edge of each department of a block layout. In this paper, first it is shown that this problem can be represented as a graph model. The properties of the presented model enable us to design a meta-heuristic based on ant colony system algorithm for solving the shortest loop design problem. Computational results show the efficiency of our algorithm in compare to the other techniques.  2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	13	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Ant colony optimization algorithm,Meta-heuristic algorithms,Shortest loop design problem
Dedicated primary image processors for mobile robots	2006	WSEAS Transactions on Systems	The paper describes the implementations of a median filter and a logical filter for edge detection which act in a 3×3 pixels neighborhood. For multitask processing configuration a pipeline one is proposed. This structure, which is an interface between sensing element (camera) and the main processing system, achieves the real time video signal preprocessing, during the image acquisition. In order to form the working neighborhoods, the input image signal is delayed (two lines and three pixels). We propose the hardware implementation of some primary processing algorithms using five points neighborhood: a simultaneous comparison median filter, a succesive comparison median filter and an edge detection logical filter. By reason of on line processing possibility we propose a such configuration inside of a video system for mobile robots. Towards exploring the space in the close neighborhood of the robot, a priority window is selected from the complete image frame. The primary operations are transferred from the central computer to the video system. In order to field-test the pipeline configuration, we placed the video system on an electric wheelchair.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Romania	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Edge extraction filter,Low cost image processing,Median filter,Mobile robots,Pipeline structure,Real time image processing
Middleware for protocol-based coordination in mobile applications	2006	IEEE Distributed Systems Online	The extension of the middleware approaches with suitable abstractions to better support protocol based interaction in mobile applications was investigated. ObjectPlaces was applied in the domain of automatic guided vehicle control and abstractions were evaluated by applying them to the AGV application's coordination problems. To avoid collisions AGVs execute a mutual exclusion protocol designating a critical section on the factory floor that only one AGV should cross at a time. ObjectPlaces offers two services to support protocol-based interaction and the roles are responsible for executing the protocol on behalf of the application components playing the roles. Once a node's participant role is activated ObjectPlaces notifies the initiator and it then opens asynchronous communication channel between the initiator and participants so they can execute the protocol. It was observed that the prototype disseminates node properties by multicasting updates to nodes that can start interactions on the basis of those properties.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	5	Software,Engineering (all),Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	None
High accuracy path tracking for vehicles in presence of sliding: Application to farm vehicle automatic guidance for agricultural tasks	2006	Autonomous Robots	When designing an accurate automated guidance system for vehicles, a major problem is sliding and pseudo-sliding effects. This is especially the case in agricultural applications, where five-centimetre accuracy with respect to the desired trajectory is required, although the vehicles are moving on slippery ground. It has been established that RTK GPS was a very suitable sensor to achieve automated guidance with such high precision: several control laws have been designed for vehicles equipped with this sensor, and provide the expected guidance accuracy as long as the vehicles do not slide. In previous work, further control developments have been proposed to take sliding into account: guidance accuracy in slippery environments has been shown to be preserved, except transiently at the beginning/end of curves. In this paper, the design of this control law is first recalled and discussed. A Model Predictive Control method is then applied in order to preserve accuracy of guidance even during these curvature transitions. Finally, the overall control scheme is implemented, and improvements with respect to previous guidance laws are demonstrated through full-scale experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	113	Artificial Intelligence	Adaptive control,Agricultural robots and environmental applications,Automated guided vehicle,Model Predictive Control of vehicles,Non linear control,Path tracking of mobile robot,Vehicle motion in presence of sliding effects
Time-phased creation of hybrid manufacturing systems	2006	International Journal of Production Economics	This paper develops a comprehensive method for transforming pure functional manufacturing shops into hybrid production systems that comprise both cellular and functional areas. The facility redesign approach first derives the layout of the work centers within each cell and then places the cells within existing departments according to a time-phased implementation plan. The incremental cell implementation is dictated by budget constraints that limit the allowable investment in each fiscal period. The goal is to maximize the net benefit from cell implementation, expressed as the difference between the savings in material handling effort and the cost of machine rearrangement. An explicit enumeration scheme provides the optimal intra-cell layout. The problems of cell placement and implementation sequence are integrated in an integer programming formulation. The decomposition of the mathematical model motivates a space search approach, which generates an optimal solution. All algorithms are integrated and used to transform the functional shop of a large manufacturer into a hybrid production area. The results illustrate that substantial benefits can be realized even with a conservative multiperiod implementation plan.  2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	19	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Facility layout,Hybrid cellular & functional manufacturing systems,Planning for cellular implementation
Materials handling technology and significance of expert systems to select appropriate handling equipments in engineering industries: A review	2006	Journal of Scientific and Industrial Research	This review discusses various handling equipments and the role of material handling systems in engineering industries. Flow of material through ecosystem of an industrial society is the physical manifestation of its substance, productivity and wealth. A brief explanation on the material handling interests and activities are also highlighted. Simulation models are precisely given to generate the expert system software for handling systems.	Journal	j	re	Review	Malaysia	7	Multidisciplinary	Automated flexible manufacturing system,Automated guided vehicle,Integrated manufacturing system,Inventory control,Material handling equipment,Prototype expert system,Simulation model,Transit movement
Exploiting a virtual environment in a real-world application	2006	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	In situated multi-agent systems (situated MASs), agents are explicitly placed in an environment. A situated agent does not not use long-term planning to decide what action sequence should be executed, but selects actions on the basis of its current position, the world it perceives and limited internal state, Situated agents exploit the environment to coordinate their behavior and to reach a common goal, In a recent project, we applied situated MASs to the control of an automated transportation system that uses automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) to transport loads in a warehouse, In contrast to traditional approaches where the AGVs are controlled by a central server, in this project we model the AGVs as agents in a situated MAS, aiming to improve flexibility and openness, Since the physical environment of AGVs is very restricted, it offers little opportunities for agents to use the environment, We introduce a virtual environment for agents to live in, This virtual environment (1) offers a medium that agents can use to exchange information and coordinate their behavior, and (2) serves as a suitable abstraction to shield low-level physical processing from the AGV agents, Since the only infrastructure available to the AGVs is a wireless network, the virtual environment is necessarily distributed over the AGVs. Synchronization of the state of the virtual environment is provided by ObjectPlaces, a middleware infrastructure that offers support to exchange and share information among nodes in mobile and ad-hoc networks. In this paper, we demonstrate how the environment is used creatively in the design of a MAS solution, helping to manage the complexity of engineering a complex real-world application.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2006.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	6	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Testing AGVs in dynamic warehouse environments	2006	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are unmanned vehicles that can transport loads in a warehouse. AGVs are instructed by on-board AGV control software. As multiple AGVs operate in a decentralized manner in the warehouse environment, conflicts may arise. Consequently, it is crucial to test thoroughly whether the AGV control software actually handles the potential conflicts in the appropriate way. In this paper, we employ a simulated warehouse environment to test the AGV control software. The AGV control software is embedded and activated in the simulated warehouse environment. The simulated warehouse environment provides support for testing by means of (1) representing dynamism in the ware-house environment in an explicit manner, and (2) detecting conflicts of dynamism in an automated way. The approach is illustrated for the case of testing collision avoidance.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2006.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	8	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Design of a large LCD panel handling air conveyor with minimum air consumption	2006	Mechanism and Machine Theory	The area of flat glass panel displays such as liquid crystal display (LCD) and plasma display panel (PDP) has been increased more than 2 × 2 m2 for productivity improvement. However, such a large panel area induces a large panel deflection during panel transfer using robots or automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems. Therefore, electronic industries are making an effort to find an alternative transfer system for the large glass panels with small deflection. The air conveyor with porous pads is one possible solution, but it becomes expensive because the large porous pads cost much and air consumption increases as the panel area increases. In this work, a simple air slit levitating conveyor was devised to lower the equipment cost and to reduce the air consumption. The air flow model between the LCD glass panel and the conveyor was constructed and its validity was verified by experiments. To minimize the air consumption, the conveyor dimensions were optimized, and the air consumptions between the air conveyor with the air slit and that with the porous pad were compared.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	28	Bioengineering,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Air conveyer,Air slit,LCD glass panel deflection,Porous pad
Combination decision problem of scheduling rules based on simulation	2006	Beijing Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Transaction of Beijing Institute of Technology	A combination decision model of scheduling rules based on simulation is presented for multi-objective problems of job shop scheduling. The scheme group is first obtained using simulation for different combination of scheduling rules. The weight of performance target for manufacturing system is derived with the application of analytic hierarchy process (AHP). The conjunction coefficient of every scheme within the group for the single performance index is then computed. Scheme evaluation based on grey relational analysis is ordered and the corresponding optimizing scheduling rule is derived. Combination decision of scheduling rules based on simulation embodies the performance weight requirement of user for the manufacturing system, and provides the optimizing scheduling rule to resolve the traditional application problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Engineering (all)	Analytic hierarchy process,Combination decision,Grey relevancy analysis,Scheduling rules
Differentiated preemptive dispatching for automatic materials handling services in 300 mm semiconductor foundry	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Highly automated materials handling in 300 mm semiconductor manufacturing is one of the biggest concerns to foundry practitioners because effective coordination among efficient manual operations has been the core competence in their 200 mm manufacturing successful stories. It is still very challenging to provide almost no-wait transport to hot lots (high priority lots) in an automatic materials handling production environment. This paper proposes an effective overhead hoist transport (OHT) dispatching rule, differentiated preemptive dispatching (DPD) policy, to reduce the possible blocking effects during the transportation of hot lots in a 300 mm OHT system. The dispatching objective is to minimize the delivery time of hot lots while minimizing the impact to the transport of normal lots. Simulation experiments based on realistic data from a local 300 mm foundry fab are conducted. Numerical results demonstrate that the DPD rule can effectively expedite the movements of hot lots. The proposed DPD rule is very useful to hot lots management and shop floor control functions, like scheduling and dispatching, in a 300 mm fab-wide automated production environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	30	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	300 mm,AMHS,Hot lot,OHT,Semiconductor manufacturing
An integrated method for planning and scheduling to minimize tardiness	2006	Constraints	We combine mixed integer linear programming (MILP) and constraint programming (CP) to minimize tardiness in planning and scheduling. Tasks are allocated to facilities using MILP and scheduled using CP, and the two are linked via logic-based Benders decomposition. We consider two objectives: minimizing the number of late tasks, and minimizing total tardiness. Our main theoretical contribution is a relaxation of the cumulative scheduling subproblem, which is critical to performance. We obtain substantial computational speedups relative to the state of the art in both MILP and CP. We also obtain much better solutions for problems that cannot be solved to optimality.  Springer Science + Business Media, LLC 2006.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	23	Software,Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Benders decomposition,Cumulative scheduling,Hybrid methods,Planning and scheduling
Innovative application of an integrated multi-level conveying device to a mobile storage system	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Although the mobile storage system (MSS) makes better use of available space, it has the disadvantage of requiring complete manual operation. This leads to slow storage and retrieval speed, high costs, and frequent error. To overcome the problems inherent in manual operation in existing MSSs, this paper proposes an innovative mobile automated storage/retrieval system (M-AS/RS) using an integrated multi-level conveying device (IMCD) for automated item-picking operation. Through appropriate sequencing, the paper simulates the picking of items in batch orders. The paper then presents a comparative analysis of the proposed M-AS/RS model with existing MSS models concluding that the former has a better performance than the latter. The M-AS/RS model proposed by this paper can provide a practical solution to overcome the deficiencies in existing MSS models.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AS/RS,IMCD,M-AS/RS,MSS
Automated container transport system between inland port and terminals	2006	ACM Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation	In this article we propose a new concept called automated container transportation system between inland port and terminals (ACTIPOT) which involves the use of automated trucks to transfer containers between an inland port and container terminals. The inland port is located a few miles away from the terminals and is used for storing and processing import/export containers before distribution to customers or transfer to the terminals. We design and analyze the ACTIPOT system with particular attention paid to the overall supervisory controller that synchronizes all the operations inside the ACTIPOT system. We employ the technique of truck platooning in order to simplify the control of the overall system and to minimize the possibility of deadlocks, congestion, and failures. A microscopic simulation model is developed and used to demonstrate the overall performance of the ACTIPOT system. The contribution of this article is the design, analysis, and evaluation of the new concept ACTIPOT.  2006 ACM.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	9	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Automated container transportation system,Automated truck,Petri nets,Supervisory control,Vehicle control
Simultaneous scheduling of parts and automated guided vehicles in an FMS environment using adaptive genetic algorithm	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are among various advanced material handling techniques that are finding increasing applications today. They can be interfaced to various other production and storage equipment and controlled through an intelligent computer control system. Both the scheduling of operations on machine centers as well as the scheduling of AGVs are essential factors contributing to the efficiency of the overall flexible manufacturing system (FMS). An increase in the performance of the FMS under consideration would be expected as a result of making the scheduling of AGVs an integral part of the overall scheduling activity. In this paper, simultaneous scheduling of parts and AGVs is done for a particular type of FMS environment by using a non-traditional optimization technique called the adaptive genetic algorithm (AGA). The problem considered here is a large variety problem (16 machines and 43 parts) and combined objective function (minimizing penalty cost and minimizing machine idle time). If the parts and AGVs are properly scheduled, then the idle time of the machining center can be minimized; as such, their utilization can be maximized. Minimizing the penalty cost for not meeting the delivery date is also considered in this work. Two contradictory objectives are to be achieved simultaneously by scheduling parts and AGVs using the adaptive genetic algorithm. The results are compared to those obtained by conventional genetic algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	51	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptive genetic algorithm,Automatic guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm and scheduling
An enumeration algorithm for solving the fleet management problem in underground mines	2006	Computers and Operations Research	This paper presents an enumeration algorithm based on dynamic programming for optimally solving the fleet management problem in underground mines. This problem consists of routing and scheduling bidirectional vehicles on a haulage network composed of one-lane bidirectional road segments. The method takes into account the displacement modes of the vehicles, either forward or in reverse, and makes sure that these vehicles move forward when they arrive at their service point. The method has been developed for the underground mine context, but it can be extended to the industrial environment.  2004 published by Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	29	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Bidirectional segments,Bidirectional vehicles,Dynamic programming,Enumeration tree,Fleet management
Joint scheduling of material handling equipment in automated air cargo terminals	2006	Computers in Industry	This paper develops a joint approach to solve the problem of integrated scheduling of different types of material handling equipment in a typical automated air cargo handling system. Due to the nature of the operations, the schedules for different cooperating equipment are highly interactive. In order to formally describe the interactive properties of cooperating equipment, an event framework for the specification of an automated cargo handling system and a model for the integrated scheduling for more than one type of cooperating equipment is developed. A heuristic algorithm, known as the extended maximum-matching algorithm (EMMA), is proposed to solve the joint scheduling problem. The performance of the proposed EMMA is evaluated via extensive numerical studies. Experimental results show that the EMMA can be readily adapted to real-world applications.  2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	12	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated cargo handling system (ACHS),Bipartite maximum matching,Event framework,Joint scheduling
Simultaneous localization and mapping: Part I	2006	IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine	An overview is given of the simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) problem and the essential methods for solving the SLAM problem. Key implementations and demonstrations of the method are outlined. While there are still many practical issues to overcome, the general SLAM method is not a well understood and established part of robotics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	2264	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A review of design and control of automated guided vehicle systems	2006	European Journal of Operational Research	This paper presents a review on design and control of automated guided vehicle systems. We address most key related issues including guide-path design, determining vehicle requirements, vehicle scheduling, idle-vehicle positioning, battery management, vehicle routing and deadlock resolution. We discuss and classify important models and results from key publications in literature, including often-neglected areas, such as idle-vehicle positioning and battery management. In addition, we propose a new dispatching-rule classification, a framework for design and control of automated guided vehicle systems, and suggest some fruitful research directions.  2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	226	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Automated guided vehicle,Literature overview,Vehicle-based internal transport
Survey of research in the design and control of automated guided vehicle systems	2006	European Journal of Operational Research	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used for the internal and external transport of materials. Traditionally, AGVs were mostly used at manufacturing systems. Currently, AGVs are also used for repeating transportation tasks in other areas, such as warehouses, container terminals and external (underground) transportation systems. This paper discusses literature related to design and control issues of AGV systems at manufacturing, distribution, transshipment and transportation systems. It is concluded that most models can be applied for design problems at manufacturing centres. Some of these models and new models already proved to be successful in large AGV systems. In fact, new analytical and simulation models need to be developed for large AGV systems to overcome large computation times, NP-completeness, congestion, deadlocks and delays in the system and finite planning horizons. We specify more specific research perspectives in the design and control of AGV systems in distribution, transshipment and transportation systems.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	437	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Automated guided vehicle systems,Design and control,Distribution,Literature survey,Transshipment and transportation systems
Coil logistics take on planning role	2006	Aluminium International Today	The coil logistics has taken up the task of production chain such as coil cooling in addition to the transport and storage business. It is handling hot and cold rolled coils for the aluminum industry. The modernization of rolling mills and investing in new mills requires assembly of stock in a high-bay store which is connected to the production line by automatic transport system. It also requires arrangement of process lines around a central store and linking the production lines to storage system by automatic guided vehicles. A good ventilation system which is an integral part of a storage system helps dissipation of heat given off by the coils when they cool. It also prevents damage to the coils when they are cold by condensation from the moist atmosphere. The control and store administration systems coordinates different interfaces to the various processes such as monitoring and controlling the ventilation system and the dwell times of the individual coils in the store.	Trade Journal	d	sh	Short Survey	Germany	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (miscellaneous),Metals and Alloys	None
Unit sized transfer batch scheduling in an automated two-machine flow-line cell with one transport agent	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	The process of splitting a job lot comprised of several identical units into transfer batches (some portion of the lot), and permitting the transfer of processed transfer batches to downstream machines, allows the operations of a job lot to be overlapped. The essence of this idea is to increase the movement of work in the manufacturing environment. In this paper, the scheduling of multiple job lots with unit sized transfer batches is studied for a two-machine flow-line cell in which a single transport agent picks a completed unit from the first machine, delivers it to the second machine, and returns to the first machine. A completed unit on the first machine blocks the machine if the transport agent is in transit. We examine this problem for both unit dependent and independent setups on each machine, and propose an optimal solution procedure similar to Johnson's rule for solving the basic two-machine flowshop scheduling problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Lot streaming,Scheduling,Sequencing,Transfer batches
Optimal parking of idle elevators under myopic and state-dependent policies	2006	European Journal of Operational Research	In this paper we discuss the problem of optimally parking single and multiple idle elevators under light-traffic conditions. The problem is analyzed from the point of view of the elevator owner whose objective is to minimize the expected total cost of parking and dispatching the elevator (which includes the cost incurred for waiting passengers). We first consider the case of a single elevator and analyze a (commonly used but suboptimal) state-independent myopic policy that always positions the idle elevator at the same floor. Building on the results obtained for the myopic policy, we then show that the optimal non-myopic (state-dependent) policy calls for dispatching the idle elevator to the state-dependent median of a weight distribution. Next, we consider the more difficult case of two elevators and develop an expression for the expected dispatching distance function. We show that the objective function for the myopic policy is non-convex. The non-myopic policy is found to be dependent on the state of the two idle elevators. We compute the optimal state-dependent policy for two elevators using the results developed for the myopic policy. Next, we examine the case of multiple elevators and provide a general recursive formula to find the expected dispatching distance functions. Finally, we generalize the previous models by incorporating a fixed cost for parking the idle elevators that results in a two-sided optimal policy with different regions. Every policy that we introduce and analyze is illustrated by an example. The paper concludes with a short summary and suggestions for future research.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	3	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Applied probability,Location science,Nonlinear programming
The technical efficiency of container ports: Comparing data envelopment analysis and stochastic frontier analysis	2006	Transportation Research Part A: Policy and Practice	The efficiency of the container port industry has been variously studied utilising either Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) or Stochastic Frontier Analysis (SFA). Given the strengths and weaknesses associated with these two approaches, the efficiency estimates and scale properties derived from these analyses are not always convincing. This paper applies both approaches to the same set of container port data for the world's largest container ports and compares the results obtained. A high degree of correlation is found between the efficiency estimates derived from all the models applied, suggesting that results are relatively robust to the DEA models applied or the distributional assumptions under SFA. High levels of technical efficiency are associated with scale, greater private-sector participation and with transhipment as opposed to gateway ports. In analysing the implications of the results for management and policy makers, a number of shortcomings of applying a cross-sectional approach to an industry characterised by significant, lumpy and risky investments are identified and the potential benefits of a dynamic analysis, based on panel data, are enumerated.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	341	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation,Management Science and Operations Research	Container ports,Data envelopment analysis,Efficiency,Production,Stochastic frontier analysis
A testbed architecture for Auto-ID technologies	2006	Assembly Automation	Purpose - This paper presents an overview on the Auto-ID (Automatic Identification) technologies testbed that has been established at the University of Missouri-Rolla (UMR) with the objective of supporting research, development, and implementation of Auto-ID technologies in network-centric manufacturing environments. Design/methodology/approach - UMR's Auto-ID testbed uses a unique hardware-in-the-loop simulation methodology, which integrates decisionmaking model development with the design of networking topology and data routing/scheduling schemes, in order to develop, test, and implement viable Auto-ID solutions. The methodology is founded on a 3-level integrated model: controller simulation, distributed controller simulation, and distributed controller simulation with hardware-in-the-loop. Findings - This paper discusses two case studies that highlight the effective use of RFID technology, its potential advantages, challenges, and deficiencies stemming from particular applications. These applications include dock doors, automated guided vehicles, conveyor and automated storage/retrieval systems, integration of RFID middleware with programmable logic controllers, and inventory management of time-sensitive materials. Originality/value - The paper presents an inn ovative idea: hardware-in-the-loop simulation methodology to design automation systems. The approach has been implemented on a variety of applications, which are presented in the paper as case studies.  Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Trade Journal	d	re	Review	United States	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Identification,Manufacturing industries,Parts,Radiofrequencies
Fast detection of furrows based on machine vision on autonomous mobile robot	2006	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	Machine vision navigation is indispensable to the realization of agricultural sustainable development. And the detection of the margin lines by using vision system is the first step of vision navigation. For the complexity of the farmland, it's very difficult to detect the margin lines accurately by using common edge-detection arithmetic, such as Roberts, Prewitt and etc. The problem could be solved by the method of improved Hough transform effectively. First, pictures were captured with the camera that was bundled in front of the tractor, then the end of the farmland and the suspected furrow were detected, at last the slope of the furrow was identified. Compared with the traditional Hough transform, the algorithm mentioned above has its own characteristics. It is high speed, no need for big memory space and with high veracity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Color recognition,Color vision,Navigation
Evaluation of dispatching rules for cellular manufacturing	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In this paper, the effects of various dispatching rules on the operation and performance of cellular manufacturing systems (CMS) are evaluated. When the study of a CMS considers the automated material handling, it is crucial to reduce the gridlock probability (i.e., the probability of an unsuccessful load transfer attempt occurring in the interface point between the intercell and intracell handling system). Preventing an unsuccessful load transfer is critical for the operation of the entire system as a blockage between the automated guided vehicle (AGV) and the overloaded cell results in a total system shutdown. The gridlock probability is influenced by the dispatching rule used to schedule the load transfers in the system. Therefore, in order to reduce this probability it is necessary to use a dispatching rule that will decrease the number of waiting loads in the transfer spurs. The main objective of the paper presented herein is to identify a dispatching rule that maintains the system operational at all times. A group of dispatching rules, including the first come first served (FCFS), shortest imminent operation (SI), longest imminent operation (LI), most remaining operations (MRO), shortest processing time (SPT), shortest remaining process time (SR), and a newly developed rule proposed by the authors, loads with the minimum number of processing first (MNP), are tested and evaluated with respect to whether the capacity of the transfer spurs of the cells is exceeded. This paper presents a simulation model of a cellular manufacturing system, which is used to further explore the effects of the dispatching rules on the system performance. The results show superior performance of the newly proposed MNP rule.  Springer-Verlag 2006.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated material handling,Cellular manufacturing,Dispatching rules,Gridlock probability,Storage systems
Experimental studies on a local rescheduling procedure for dynamic routing of autonomous decentralized AGV systems	2006	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	This paper addresses a local rescheduling procedure for a distributed routing system of multiple Automated Guided Vehicles in dynamic environments where the requests for transportation are given in real time. The effectiveness of the proposed method is investigated for a transportation system of 143 nodes and 10-30 AGV systems in a semi-conductor fabricating bay. A distributed and parallel routing system (DPRS) is implemented and tested on an experimental five mobile robot system. The results demonstrate that the proposed method can reduce the total computation time by 39% compared with the conventional method without lowering the performance level. It is also experimentally verified that the rescheduling procedure can deal with disturbances in a significantly short computation time.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	22	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV system,Autonomous distributed system,Experimental studies,Local rescheduling,Parallel computation,Transportation
Optimization of process route by Genetic Algorithms	2006	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	Process route sequencing is considered as the key technology for computer aided process planning (CAPP) and is very complex and difficult. In this paper, based on the analyzing of various constraints in process route sequencing and the astringency of Genetic Algorithms (GAs), the GA is reconstructed, including the establishing of the coding strategy, the evaluation operator and the fitness function. The new GAs can meet the requirement of sequencing work and can meet the requirement of astringency. The natural number is adopted in coding strategy, the "elitist model" and the "tournament selection" are adopted as selection operators, the nonconforming sequential searching crossover operator is used and the inconsistent mutation operator is adopted, the fitness function is defined as a formula of the sum of compulsive constraints with each weighing, and these constraints are used as the control strategy for GAs in the searching process. By using GAs in the optimization, the optimal or near-optimal process route is obtained finally.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	50	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	CAPP,Feature,Genetic algorithm,Optimization,OX crossover,Process route
A comparison of machine-learning algorithms for dynamic scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems	2006	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	Dispatching rules are frequently used to schedule jobs in flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) dynamically. A drawback, however, to using dispatching rules is that their performance is dependent on the state of the system, but no single rule exists that is superior to all the others for all the possible states the system might be in. This drawback would be eliminated if the best rule for each particular situation could be used. To do this, this paper presents a scheduling approach that employs machine learning. Using this latter technique, and by analysing the earlier performance of the system, 'scheduling knowledge' is obtained whereby the right dispatching rule at each particular moment can be determined. Three different types of machine-learning algorithms will be used and compared in the paper to obtain 'scheduling knowledge': inductive learning, backpropagation neural networks, and case-based reasoning (CBR). A module that generates new control attributes allowing better identification of the manufacturing system's state at any particular moment in time is also designed in order to improve the 'scheduling knowledge' that is obtained. Simulation results indicate that the proposed approach produces significant performance improvements over existing dispatching rules.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	73	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	FMS,Knowledge-based systems,Scheduling
Environmental impact of underground freight transport	2006	Towards better Performing Transport Networks	2006 selection and editorial matter, Bart Jourquin, Piet Rietveld and Kerstin Westin; individual chapters, the contributors. All rights reserved.The transport sector has a large share in many environmental problems. Several new transport systems, including various forms of underground freight transport, have been proposed to reduce the environmental impact. However, literature on the life-cycle and environmental impact of such systems is very scarce, reason enough to focus this paper on the assessment of the energy use of and resulting emissions from transport systems, in which the emphasis will be on underground freight transport systems. Evaluation of the energy use and its environmental effects necessitates a complete as possible analysis of the energy use, both directly and indirectly arising from the transport process. Direct energy use is the energy necessary for actually moving the passengers or goods, in most cases the energy used by transporting vehicles. Indirect energy use results from processes like the building and maintenance of infrastructure and vehicles. Whereas direct energy use is typically calculated by sophisticated models, methods for the analysis of indirect energy use are much less developed. This paper will examine one of these methods, the process energy analysis, along with the process emission analysis, which is the process energy analysis equivalent for calculating indirect emissions of greenhouse gases (CO2), acidifying gases (SO2, NOx) and other air-polluting substances (VOC, PM10). The total lifetime energy use and emissions are estimated using these methods in two case studies. In the first case, transport of crude oil by Dutch long-distance pipelines is evaluated, while the concern in the second case is the so-called Underground Logistic System (ULS) Utrecht concept for the underground distribution of packed goods in the city of Utrecht. This is an innovative concept that makes use of automatic guided vehicles. Each case revealed very distinct characteristics related to the proportion of direct versus indirect energy use and emission levels. Crude oil pipelines have, typically, low direct energy intensities and emission factors, and also very low indirect energy use and emissions compared to other transport modes. Contrarily, the ULS Utrecht is characterised by low direct energy and emission intensities. However, the high indirect energy use and emissions require very high transport intensities to result in a net reduction compared to the alternatives: road transport in most cases. Furthermore, the relationship between direct and indirect emissions of different substances is highly variable.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	0	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
Multi-attribute responsive dispatching strategies for automated guided vehicles	2006	International Journal of Production Economics	This paper discusses responsiveness in automated guided vehicle dispatching. The additive multi-attribute dispatching rule employs two attributes, output buffer length and travel time to pick-up, to prioritize the tasks based on the current system status, while the weights convey information about the relative criticality of the processing and transportation sub-systems. The main responsiveness of the system is inherent in the manner these weights are determined. Two approaches are proposed for this purpose: parametric approach where the weights are calculated at the beginning of each planning horizon based on expected system characteristics; and dynamic approach where the system is allowed to update the weights throughout evolution utilizing some system statistics. Simulation experiments under various scenarios evaluate the performances of the proposed dispatching strategies based on facility throughput.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	14	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Dispatching,Responsiveness
Automatic guided vehicle system based on localization and navigation by ultrasonic and infrared ray	2006	Jilin Daxue Xuebao (Gongxueban)/Journal of Jilin University (Engineering and Technology Edition)	A novel localization method for the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) was proposed based on the localization by ultrasonic and infrared ray, a mathematical model for the system navigation and control was built, and a corresponding AGV system was developed. Compared with the traditional systems, such as the system based on the underground embedded wire, the system based on the machine vision, etc., the developed system is characterized by flexible path planning, no need for modification and reconstruction of the field in which the AGV will work. Besides, it possesses high localization precision, good real-time ability and cost advantage.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Multidisciplinary	AGV,Communication technology,Localization by ultrasonic and infrared ray,Navigation and control,Wireless bluetooth communication
Effect of manufacturing system constructs on pick-up and drop-off strategies of multiple-load AGVs	2006	International Journal of Production Research	This research investigates the interaction between manufacturing system constructs and the operation strategies in a multiple-load Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) when AGVs in a system can carry two or more loads. The load pick-up problem arises when an AGV stops at a pick-up queue and has to decide which part(s) in the queue should be picked up. Since an AGV can carry multiple loads, a drop-off rule is then needed to determine the next stop for the AGV to deliver one or more loads. Several real-time composite heuristic rules for selecting load and determining the next stop are proposed and evaluated in two manufacturing system constructs: the jobshop and the flexible manufacturing system (FMS). A number of simulation models are developed to obtain statistics on various performance measures of the two system constructs under different experimental conditions. The simulation results reveal that the pick-up rules affect the system more than the drop-off rules. In general, rules to avoid starving and blocking in workstations perform better than the rules for shortest distance in throughput. However, the rules perform differently in jobshop and FMS based on other performance measures, indicating an interaction between system constructs and load selection strategies. The difference in rule performance within the same construct is also affected by several AGVS design parameters. Overall our study suggests that no load pick-up rule is always a champion, and the design of an efficient multiple-load AGVS must consider all issues in a global fashion.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	14	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle system,Composite dispatching heuristics,Material handling system,Simulation models,Statistical analyses,System construct
A hybrid push/pull-dispatching rule for a photobay in a 300 mm wafer fab	2006	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	In this paper, the simulation analysis of an automated material handling system (AMHS) for a photobay in a 300 mm wafer fab was analyzed, considering the effects of the dispatching rules. Discrete-event simulation models were developed in an e-M Plant to study this system. Currently, the combination of the shortest distance with the nearest vehicle (SD_NV) and the first-encounter first-served (FEFS) dispatching rule was used in this system. In order to improve the system performance, a hybrid push/pull (PP) dispatching rule was proposed. The simulation results reveal a substantial improvement of the AMHS performance and reduced the WIP and cycle time as a consequence of implementing a PP dispatching rule.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	34	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Hybrid push/pull,Photobay,Simulation
Zones formation algorithm in tandem AGV systems: A comparative study	2006	International Journal of Production Research	In tandem automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems, the shop floor is divided into a group of non-overlapping zones, where each zone is served by a single dedicated AGV. In this paper, a partitioning algorithm for designing tandem AGV systems is proposed. The proposed algorithm serves a number of objectives; minimizing the total handling cost, minimizing the maximum workload in the system and minimizing the number of between-zones trips. The algorithm is equipped with parameters to enable the user to select one of these objectives or a combination of them to optimize. It starts by generating candidate zones with a search technique that takes into consideration the chosen objective. Each candidate zone is then checked for integrity and feasibility to ensure that zones are non-overlapping and can bear their imposed workloads. A 0-1 integer programming model is used to select the zones for the final configuration according to the chosen objective function. The performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated by comparison with other algorithms from literature in solving a group of benchmark problems. The results of the comparison showed that the proposed algorithm outperformed the other algorithms when considering the shortest time to travel first (STTF) empty vehicle dispatching policy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	7	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Integer programming,Simulation,Tandem AGV,Zones formation
Precise navigation for a 4WS mobile robot	2006	Journal of Zhejiang University: Science	Position and orientation estimation with high accuracy based on GPS and encoders for a four-wheel-steering vehicle (4WS) mobile robot is presented. A GPS receiver working in Real-Time Kinematics (RTK) mode can offer centimeter-level accuracy for our vehicle. In addition to GPS, the vehicle is equipped with four incremental encoders and two absolute encoders to provide information on wheels for estimation of velocity and sideslip angle of vehicle. The proposed architecture of position and orientation estimation consists of two extended Kalman filters and a processing unit of Runga-Kutta based dead reckoning. The first EKF fuses data from six encoders to estimate the vehicle velocity and the sideslip angle. The second EKF is applied to the estimation of position and orientation based on the measurement from precise RTK GPS data and output from first EKF. To obtain higher accuracy of estimation, an arbitrator is designed to switch between EKF2 and dead reckoning. The results and analysis of experiments are presented to show the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Limitations of the proposed approach and future works are also pointed out and discussed in this paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Engineering (all)	Dead reckoning,Extended Kalman filter,GPS,Navigation
Optimization of an autonomous vehicle dispatch system in an underground mine	2006	Journal of the Southern African Institute of Mining and Metallurgy	The mining industry has much potential for automation. A great deal of work has been done on this subject and is still ongoing. With automation comes the possibility for optimization, because more information is available and actions can be repeated with more accuracy. This paper looks at possible solutions to the problem of optimizing the autonomous vehicle dispatch system in an underground mine. Possible optimization strategies are evaluated using a simulated environment. The majority of the results indicate that improvements on current methods are possible.  The South African Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, 2006.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Africa	13	Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Metals and Alloys,Materials Chemistry	Dispatching strategy,Mining automation,Optimization,Simulation,Vehicles
The innovative conveying device application for transferring articles between two-levels of a multi-story building	2006	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	The need for corporations to expand or functionally alter their existing multi-story buildings increases because of rapid changes in the competitive environment. However, limited by building structures and the availability of space, when planning cross-level material handling, effective article transfer equipment integration becomes an important issue. The complexity and difficulty is far greater than that for traditional article transfer operations on a single-level floor area. Therefore, based on the concept of personal computers being able to replace IBM mainframes in the market, this paper proposed a smaller and more mobile multi-level device for article transfers that has the capacity to integrate other plant equipment to replace the conventional conveying device. This paper will make suggestions for cross-level article transfer device applications for use in different environments and industries. The structure of this facility is simple and its modularized design allows flexible expansion to accommodate corporate growth. This is a well-planed system that can serve as a reference for corporations intending to implement multi-level article transfer systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Conveying device,Material handling,Multi-level article transfer
A survey of automated material handling systems in 300-mm semiconductor fabs	2006	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	The fast-paced developments and technological breakthroughs in the semiconductor manufacturing industry elevates the importance of optimum utilization of resources. The newer 300-mm wafers fabs place a high level of emphasis on increasing yield and reducing cycle times. Automated material handling systems are important tools that help us achieve these objectives. In addition, due to the increased weight and size of 300-mm wafers, an automated material handling system is a must for a 300-mm manufacturing facility. This paper discusses various approaches for automated materials handling in semiconductor manufacturing industries.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	87	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	300-mm semiconductor manufacturing,Automated material handling systems (AMHS),Fab layouts,Survey
Development and applications of holonic manufacturing systems: A survey	2006	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	This paper surveys the literature in the holonic manufacturing systems area in an attempt to bring together the key issues in the development and applications of holonic systems. A brief introduction presents the characteristics of today's manufacturing environment and the requirements for next generation manufacturing systems. Then, starting with considerations about the origins of the holonic concept and its first applications in manufacturing, the paper presents the advances made in applying the holonic concept to manufacturing systems area. Several considerations for the development of holonic manufacturing systems and specific holonic system requirements are discussed. As holonic concept is considered a solution for next generation manufacturing systems, there is a significant number of applications and implementations of the holonic concept in manufacturing systems domain. The most important and relevant approaches developed so far are presented. Finally, a short conclusion and future research directions in the area are provided.  2006 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	197	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomy and cooperation,Holonic manufacturing systems,Holonic system development,Holonic system implementation,Manufacturing control architectures
Influence of the dynamic behavior in the automated guided vehicles	2006	SAE Technical Papers	The automated guided vehicles (AVGs) are normally used for the transport of materials, making great part in the manufacturing systems. This work aims at the study of the contact between ground and wheel in the AVG, thus applying the vehicle dynamics relative. For this, models of the contact between road and wheel had been made of AVG, in each model presents his considerations, simplifications and parameters as the cornering stiffness, the normal force and the sideslip. The models of the contact between road and wheel had been implemented in a multibodies program 2D and observed. The results of this work will be used in the construction of independent vehicles, because many AVGs don't take in consideration the dynamic behavior, they have a super dimension of engine so more weight and consumption of energy than they really need. Copyright  2006 Society of Automotive Engineers, Inc.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Decomposition of Petri Nets for optimization of routing problem for AGVs in semiconductor fabrication bays	2006	2006 IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, CASE	In this paper, we propose a decomposition and optimization method for Petri Nets to solve routing problems for automated guided vehicles in semiconductor fabrication bays. An augmented Petri Net model is developed to represent concurrent motion for multiple AGVs. The routing problem to minimize total transportation time is formulated as an optimal firing sequence problem for the proposed Petri Net. The optimization model is decomposed into several subproblems which can be solved by Dijkstra's algorithm in polynomial order. The effectiveness of the proposed method is evaluated by several numerical examples.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Agile manufacturing system with autonomously operated square arrayed machining cells	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	To cope with the dynamically changing market demands, a manufacturing system with machining cells located on square array has been investigated by authors together with the auction based dispatching algorithms and the tooling algorithms enabling the autonomous reconfiguration of the system by adding and deleting tool sets required to process works. This paper studies the autonomous design of the system to determine the number of pallets and their handling rules and the number of automated guided vehicles. The effectiveness of the proposed methods for the agile manufacturing is demonstrated and discussed. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Agile manufacturing,Autonomous control,Flexible manufacturing system,Scheduling algorithm,Self-organizing systems,Simulation
A genetic fuzzy system for defining a reactive dispatching rule for AGVs	2006	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	In the last decades Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) have been widely used as automated material handling system in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) aiming to improve the use of factory's resources, increase the productivity, decrease the lead time and maintain the delivery dates. However the definition of which AGV will attend which request is not an easy task. In this work, the authors propose a fuzzy system to decide which job the AGV will attend first based on some specific criteria. The fuzzy system is built automatically from numerical data by a genetic algorithm. The proposed approach was tested and validated by computer simulations in a FMS.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	3	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Dispatching rule,Flexible manufacturing system,Fuzzy rule-based systems,Genetic algorithms
Controlling a platoon of vehicles with distributed collision avoidance capabilities	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Recent research has demonstrated the efficiency of the coordinated con-trol of platoons of vehicles in order to improve the capacity of road networks. The possibility of reducing the number of accidents, providing the control systems of the vehicles of the platoon with some collision avoidance capability, is investigated in this paper. The proposed coordinated control is realized by means of vehicle supervisors, which, on the basis of the data acquired by the sensors, make the decision on which is the appropriate current control mode for each controlled vehicle, and manage the switches among low-level controllers designed according to the sliding mode control methodology. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Cruise control,Obstacles avoidance,Obstacles detection,Sliding mode control,Vehicle dynamics
Combining optimization methods and discrete event simulation: A case study in flexible manufacturing systems	2006	Proceedings - ICSSSM'06: 2006 International Conference on Service Systems and Service Management	The studied problem is an extension of the well known job shop scheduling problem, in which the material handling system is considered as an overall part of the scheduling. This problem has many applications in flexible manufacturing systems. In these systems, jobs are transported from any machine to any other machine by automated guided vehicles. This problem has both an algorithmic and a structural complexity. We propose to take into account this double complexity by combining metaheuristic (for the optimization process), and discrete event simulation (for the evaluation of a solution). The results obtained show the efficiency of the presented approach, 11 new upper bounds are found on a benchmark of 40 instances of the literature. Realistic constraints like traffic congestion or collision could be included by a more sophisticated evaluation model. 2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	4	Tourism, Leisure and Hospitality Management	Automated guided vehicles,Discrete event simulation,Flexible manufacturing systems,Metaheuristics
A priority based conflict resolution approach for automated guided vehicles	2006	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) need to control large number of AGVs in time-critical applications where they are required to complete a number of tasks in real time. Whenever a conflict condition arises between two vehicles, successful resolution of conflicts becomes necessary in order to avoid collision. In this paper "Priority Based Conflict Resolution" strategies have been proposed to resolve the conflict. The collision avoidance of AGVs has been presented as a hybrid control problem assuming AGVs as "free". Two conflict resolution algorithms viz. "Conflict resolution without steering the controller vehicle" and "Conflict resolution by steering the controller vehicle" are proposed. The methodology proposed in the paper can be used to obtain safe sets of initial conditions for which the controllers will always guarantee collision free maneuver of controller vehicle. These safe sets can be used for deciding the routing for AGVs and can also be used for planning the layout of the floor and placing the stationary objects, machines etc. The strategies have been successfully verified on the example cases. The results obtained have also been illustrated through graphs in the paper.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Controlling a platoon of vehicles via a second order sliding mode approach	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper presents the design of a longitudinal control system for a platoon of vehicles. The main objectives of an automatic vehicle following system are the increment of traffic capacity while improving safety and comfort. The distributed controllers, one for each vehicle, are designed relying on a simple non-linear vehicle model. The chosen control technique is the so-called second order sliding mode control methodology. This choice is motivated by the robustness features of the sliding mode design, which are particularly appropriate dealing with the automotive context. Moreover, the proposed approach allows to circumvent the chattering problem, typical of sliding mode control. The individual vehicle stability and platoon stability are guaranteed by the proposed control system. This latter is tested in simulation considering a critical stop-and-go traffic situation. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	6	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Chattering,Cruise control,Sliding mode control,Vehicle dynamics
Analysis and optimization for automated vehicle routing on a single loop	2006	Journal of the Operations Research Society of Japan	This paper treats with an automated material handling system called a permutation circulation-type vehicle routing system (denoted PCVRS). In the PCVRS a fleet of vehicles unidirectionally and repeatedly circulate on a single loop to carry items to stations located along by the loop where items are served. No passing is allowed between vehicles on the loop. This may induce interferences or blocking between vehicles which may deteriorate the performance of the PCVRS. One of the most serious interferences is the one lap behind (denoted OLB) interference which occurs when the first vehicle is interfered by the last vehicle in a fleet of vehicles. Once the OLB interference occurs, the system can not reach the steady state in which no interference occur. This paper theoretically analyzes the steady state with no interference and the transient state with interferences including the OLB one. This paper considers both the infinite acceleration and deceleration and the finite ones on the vehicles, and four vehicle routing rules by which each job (and each vehicle) is allocated to a processing station for service. Two of them are existing ones and the other two are newly introduced to improve the existing ones. This paper adopts the throughput and the mean interference time for evaluating the vehicle routing rules. This paper confirms the theoretically obtained results by means of numerical simulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Automated material handling system,Interference,Throughput,Transportation,Vehicle routing
Real-time control of decentralized autonomous flexible manufacturing systems by using memory and oblivion	2006	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper describes a method that uses memory to determine a priority ranking for competing hypotheses. The aim is to increase the reasoning efficiency of a system the author calls reasoning to anticipate the future (RAF), which controls automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) in autonomous decentralized flexible manufacturing systems (AD-FMSs). The system includes memory data of past production conditions and AGV actions. Using these memory data, the system reorders hypotheses by giving the highest priority ranking to the hypothesis that is most likely to be true. The system was applied to an AD-FMS that was constructed on a computer. The results showed that, compared with conventional reasoning, this reasoning system reduced the number of hypothesis replacements until a true hypothesis was reached.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2006.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Mobile robot localization. Revisiting the triangulation methods	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Localization is one of the fundamental problems in mobile robot navigation. In this context, triangulation is used to determine the robot pose from landmarks position and angular measurements. The method based on circle intersection is the preferred one because it is independent of the robot heading. Nevertheless, it becomes undetermined when the robot point is on the circumference that contains the landmarks used. To cope with it, a triangulation method based on straight lines intersection is presented in this paper. The robot heading angle, which is needed in this method, can be accurately determined by means of a geometrical procedure. The accuracy of the presented approach is evaluated and compared to that of alternative methods by means of experimental results and computer simulations. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	15	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Kinematics,Mobile robots,Positioning systems,Robot navigation
Unstructured facility navigation by applying the NIST 4D/RCS architecture	2006	CITSA 2006 - 3rd Int. Conf. on Cybernetics and Information Technol., Systems and Applications, Jointly with the 4th Int. Conf. on Computing, Communications and Control Technologies, CCCT 2006 - Proc.	The National Institute of Standards and Technology's Intelligent Systems Division (ISD) is working with the material handling industry, specifically on automated guided vehicles, to develop next generation vehicles. ISD is also a participant in the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency Learning Applied to Ground Robots (LAOR) Project embedding learning algorithms into the modules that make up the Four Dimensional/Real-Time Control System (4D/RCS). 4D/RCS is the standard reference model architecture which ISD has applied to control many intelligent systems. Technology from LAOR is being transferred to the material handling industry through the NIST Industrial Autonomous Vehicles Project. This paper describes the 4D/RCS structure and control applied to LAOR and the transfer of this technology through a demonstration to the automated guided vehicles industry.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	4D/RCS,Automated guided vehicles,Hierarchical control,Industrial autonomous vehicles,LAGR,Reference model architecture
Distributed intelligence in autonomous multi-vehicle systems	2006	International Journal of Critical Infrastructures	To make better use of existing infrastructures, new control methods are under development. In the Intelligent Infrastructures programme, an infrastructure is seen as a multi-agent system, with more or less autonomous subsystems that are related to each other in hierarchical, coordinated, cooperative, or non-cooperative way. Current controls for multi-vehicle systems are based on the hierarchical control concept. In this paper, it is shown how the incident handling, efficiency, and flexibility of multi-vehicle systems can be improved by applying a cooperative control strategy. An existing multi AGV application in a seaport illustrates that efficiency of operations can be improved considerably with smarter control. Finally, a research project is introduced concerning cooperative multi-agent control of true free-ranging automated guided vehicles. Copyright  2006 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	7	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Environmental Science (all),Energy (all)	Anticipation,Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Cooperative control,Intelligent control,Intelligent infrastructure,Multi-agent system
Formally correct asynchronous control for guidepath-based traffic systems	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The paper presents a DES-based controller for an emerging, important class of industrial and public transport media - guidepath-based, zone-controlled, closed traffic systems. We build upon and extend our earlier results concerning the formal methods of control synthesis. An essential requirement for the traffic flow in these systems is that the vehicles maintain their ability to access every location in the underlying guidepathnetwork, throughout the entire, presumably infinite, length of the system operation. The proposed construction ensures the required qualitative features of the control and gives a formal framework for the development of the computer-aided system that allows an experimental, simulation-based optimization of the parameters that decide about the system efficiency. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering	DES-based controller,Guidepath-based traffic system,Liveness enforcement
Recent trends of linear and angular pseudorandom encoder development	2006	International Symposium on Power Electronics, Electrical Drives, Automation and Motion, 2006. SPEEDAM 2006	A new type of absolute encoders, named pseudorandom absolute encoders, was developed to avoid using of large number of code tracks and to achieve high-resolution measurements. Here, a method for parallel reading of pseudorandom code using photodetector array is proposed. Then follows a realization of direct zero position adjustment function as a new trend in absolute encoder's development. That realization of encoder with possibility of direct zero position adjustment is further developed in form of virtual instrument using LabVIEW software package. Therefore, this developed encoder can be a main part of virtual laboratory which is one of the elements of remote learning. At the end, the proposed solution of direct zero adjustment is more than needed to one pseudorandom encoder which pretends to one of the leader places in encoders of the future.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Serbia	12	Engineering (all)	Direct zero position adjustment,Lab VIEW,Pseudorandom encoder,Virtual instrument
Approach for artificial load generation for acceptance test of AMHS	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The automated material handling system (AMHS) is a highly automated transport solution of 300mm semiconductor waferfabs. Such a complex system gets tested in several phases of implementation. The first test after installation needs an artificial load due to missing production lots. This paper describes an approach of artificial load generation to conduct acceptance tests without a need of production load. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Distributions,Manufacturing,Microprocessors,Simulation,Static models,Test generation,Transportation control,Validation
Combined performance evaluation and economic analysis for guided path layout choice of unit load AGVS	2006	Proceedings - ICSSSM'06: 2006 International Conference on Service Systems and Service Management	The aim of the paper is to present a modelling framework for design and justification of guide path layout for unit load Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS). The modelling framework proposes an integrated analysis which is based on three-step layout design which includes optimization, computer simulation and economic analysis. For the first step, a zero-one integer programming formulation designs an optimal unidirectional or mixed AGVS guide path layout. The objective is the minimization of the total distance travelled by vehicles (loaded and empty) plus fixed equipment costs. The second step uses simulation and evaluates the effect of traffic flow pattern on the system performance criteria as well as it supplies more realistic data to perform an economic analysis concerning the operating costs. Based on the total cost concept, the third step utilizes an economic analysis to determine which alternative is preferred. The application of the modelling framework is demonstrated using an example. Suggestions for the AGVS layout choice depending on the performance and financial analysis are presented. 2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Tourism, Leisure and Hospitality Management	Economic analysis,Guide path layout design,Net present value of money,Optimization,Simulation
Indoor localization systematical errors analysis for AGVS	2006	13th Saint Petersburg International Conference on Integrated Navigation Systems, ICINS 2006 - Proceedings	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are commonly encountered in modern factories for handling materials. This paper studies and compares performance of dead-reckoning, heading measurement and triangulation as a means of locating AGVs in indoors quasi-structured environments. Because global positioning system (GPS) does not work indoors, these other approaches of locating AGVs are adopted. The main result of this paper stems from the dead-reckoning algorithm with accurate heading measurement condition. If the heading is accurately measured, then the ellipse that quantifies measured position error becomes a line with slope equal to the measured heading. This result makes triangulation more efficient for the position error reset procedure than for the dead-reckoning based almost only in rotary encoders. In this case, only one beacon is sufficient to accurately reset position error when the triangulation procedure is carried out. The triangulation hardware is based on the AGV communications sub-system and its feasibility is shown through an experimental result.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	8	Information Systems,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Dead-reckoning,Heading measurement,Localization,Triangulation
A matrix-based framework for combined supervisory and operational control of an industrial warehouse	2006	2006 IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics, INDIN'06	This paper considers a combined supervisory and operational control system for an automated storage and retrieval system. The entire control system is developed and implemented using a matrix-based formalism. In particular, the control system is defined using a set of matrix equations, each addressing a specific control function (e.g., inhibit actions that violate plant innate constraints, address deadlock avoidance, and perform efficient material dispatching). The global system is then obtained by integrating the various equations in a single control module. Simulations of an industrial warehouse show the effectiveness of the proposed design approach.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Autonoumous vehicle guidance throgh cooperation between vehicles	2006	13th World Congress on Intelligent Transport Systems and Services	A new concept that a vehicle is manually or automatically guided to an assigned position from another vehicle has been proposed, and the experiment study has been conducted to show the feasibility of the system proposed. In the experiment, a vehicle was guided by another vehicle that measures the position and the heading of the guided vehicle to instruct the guided vehicle the steering and the velocity to its goal. The system is featured by that a few intelligent vehicles will assist many ordinary vehicles in dedicated areas including parking areas.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	7	Mechanical Engineering,Transportation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated driving,Cooperative driving,Driver assistance,Inter-vehicle communications,Parking assistance
The latest development of driver assistance system for snow blower in China	2006	13th World Congress on Intelligent Transport Systems and Services	Safety is a significant issue on rural highways, particularly in harsh poor visibility conditions because of the heavy snowfalls or blown snow in winter. The inability to see road boundaries is of special concern, especially to snow blower drivers because they must drive even when visibility is poor, roads are snow covered and lanes are hard to discern. This paper presents the latest development of Driver Assistance System (DAS) for snow blower deployed in Xinjiang Autonomous Region of China. Apart from the magnetic vehicle guidance technology developed by National Center of ITS Engineering and Technology of China (ITSC), the location based service (LBS) technology using GPS has also been applied to the DAS. It could provide the lane position indication, lane departure warning and road dangerous position warning function for the driver under the low visibility conditions. The system could provide efficiency and cost saving, in addition to the primary advantage of safety.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Mechanical Engineering,Transportation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications	Dangerous position warning,Driver assistance system (DAS),Magnetic vehicle guidance technology,Road departure warning,Snow blower
Schedulability and scheduling of dual-arm cluster tools with residency time constraints based on Petri net	2006	2006 IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, CASE	Because of residency time constraints for cluster tools, it is very difficult to schedule them. This paper addresses their scheduling issues and conducts their schedulability analysis. A Petri net (PN) model, called resource-oriented PN (ROPN) is developed to model them. Based on it, for the first time, necessary and sufficient conditions under which the system is schedulable are presented. Meanwhile, an algorithm is developed for the scheduling of dual-armed cluster tool. The algorithm finds an optimal periodic schedule analytically if it is schedulable. A method is also presented for the implementation of the obtained cyclic schedule by appropriately controlling the initial transient process. Examples are presented to show the application and power of the theory and algorithm.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,Petri net,Schedulability and scheduling
Resource-oriented petri net for deadlock resolution in automated manufacturing systems with robots	2006	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	An automated manufacturing system (AIMS) contains a number of versatile machines (or workstations), buffers, and an automated material handling system (MHS). The MHS can be an automated guide vehicle system, and/or a system that consists of multiple robots. The issue of deadlock resolution in AMS is very important in the operation of AMS and extensively studied. Usually, robots are seen as source of deadlock when used as MHS in AMS. However, in this paper, such AMS called Robotic Manufacturing Systems (RMS) are modeled by resource- oriented Petri nets. It is shown that the robots have no contribution to deadlock. More interestingly, they can be used to resolve deadlock by serving as temporary part storage devices. A new deadlock control policy for RMS is proposed by treating robots as both material handling devices and buffers. The new policy is shown more permissive than the existing ones.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Engineering (all)	None
On the optimal buffer allocation of an FMS with finite in-process buffers	2006	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper considers a buffer allocation problem of flexible manufacturing system composed of several parallel workstations each with both limited input and output buffers, where machine blocking is allowed and two automated guided vehicles are used for input and output material handling. Some interesting properties are derived that are useful for characterizing optimal allocation of buffers for the given FMS model. By using the properties, a solution algorithm is exploited to solve the optimal buffer allocation problem, and a variety of differently-sized decision parameters are numerically tested to show the efficiency of the algorithm.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2006.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Buffer,FMS,Queueing Network,Throughput
Double-cycling strategies for container ships and their effect on ship loading and unloading operations	2006	Transportation Science	Loading ships as they are unloaded (double cycling) can improve the efficiency of a quay crane and container port. This paper describes the double-cycling problem, and presents solution algorithms and simple formulae to determine reductions in the number of operations and operating time using the technique. We focus on reducing the number of operations necessary to turn around a row of a ship. The problem is first formulated as a scheduling problem, which can be solved optimally. A simple lower bound for all strategies is then developed. We also present a greedy algorithm that yields a simple and tight upper bound. The gap between the upper and lower bounds is so small that the formula for either bound is an accurate predictor of crane performance. The analysis is then extended to double cycling when ships have deck hatches. Results are presented for many simulated vessels, and compared to empirical data from a real-world trial. The research demonstrates that double cycling can create significant efficiency gains in crane productivity, typically reducing the number of cycles by about 20% and the operational time by about 10% when double cycling only below deck.  2006 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	78	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container port terminal,Freight transportation,Terminal operations
Increasing the speed of a lateral guided vehicle with a sensor steering mechanism using 1 kHz intelligent camera (drift control by changing of steering and arm length ratio)	2006	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	The previous paper proposed a SSM (Sensor Steering Mechanism) for a lateral guided vehicle which follows the guideway. The SSM achieves high-speed moving on a straight line, but the cornering stability is influenced by the approach speed and the slip angle of the tires. For the conventional SSM, the steering ratio (the ratio of a sensor arm angle and a steering angle) is set at 2 to 1. In order to reach high speeds while moving, this paper proposes the variable steering ratio and the sensor arm ratio (the ratio of the sensor arm length and the wheel base). For the experiment, the steering ratio of the RR (Rear motor Rear drive) type SSM vehicle with 1 kHz smart camera is changed to 1 to 1.5. Experimental and simulated results of running on the test track are presented and demonstrated the advantage of this method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	10	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	1 kHz Smart Camera,Four-wheel steering,Lateral Guided Vehicle,Sensor Arm Ratio,Sensor Steering Mechanism,Steering Ratio
A fractional adaptation scheme for lateral control of an AGV	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The lateral control of an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) is highly influenced both for the longitudinal speed and the position input command (magnitude of the reference signal) of the vehicle. For that reason, a suitable strategy to govern the vehicle would be to use an adaptive and robust controller. In this paper an adaptive scheme is proposed which combines a model reference approach and a fractional order adjustment rule for a feedforward gain adjustment. Two parameters can be tuned to obtain robustness against speed and magnitude of the reference signal variations: adaptation gain, and derivative order of the adjustment rule. A model is developed for the vehicle, the design procedure is exposed, and simulation results are obtained to show the advantages of using the proposed fractional adaptation scheme.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	9	Control and Systems Engineering	Adaptive control,Autonomous vehicles,Fractional calculus
Optimization of handling equipment in the container terminal of the Port of Barcelona, Spain	2006	Transportation Research Record	Most studies concerning port operations focus on the operation between ship and wharf. However, other port activities may also lead to congestion. In general, the capacity of the handling equipment used to transfer the container between the wharf and the storage yard is critical. This paper analyzes the internal transport subsystem in a marine container terminal and investigates the effect of the type of handling equipment used. The aim is to analyze the behavior of the handling equipment and to model its optimization. Determining a better equipment type to use is not the main concern of this paper. Queuing theory is applied, and simulation is conducted to analyze the system. To perform the analyses, measurements of parameters related to the terminal are required. These parameters were obtained from the container terminal at Barcelona, Spain, one of the best-positioned logistic platforms on the Mediterranean Sea. The results indicate that assignment of the handling equipment resources to an individual wharf crane in a particular berth is not advisable, since any decentralized decision system involves more resources. The handling equipment resources must be assigned to the berth as a whole to obtain greater efficiency, but then a focus on operation planning and reliability is required. The availability of two or three wharf cranes in a berth is not crucial in terms of efficiency; however, it could increase productivity in the berth significantly.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	8	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
A navigation system for automated loaders in underground mines	2006	Springer Tracts in Advanced Robotics	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2006.For underground mining operations human operated LHD vehicles are typically used for transporting ore. Because of security issues and of the cost of human operators, alternative solutions such as tele-operated vehicles are often in use. Tele-operation, however, leads to reduced efficiency, and it is not an ideal solution. Full automation of the LHD vehicles is a challenging task, which is expected to result in increased operational efficiency, cost efficiency, and safety. In this paper, we present our approach to a fully automated solution currently under development. We use a fuzzy behavior-based approach for navigation, and develop a cheap and robust localization technique based on the deployment of inexpensive passive radio frequency identification (RFID) tags at key points in the mine.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous robots,Behavior-based navigation,Fuzzy logic,Hybrid maps,Mining vehicles,RFID
Expeditious hot lots handling in 300mm semiconductor foundry	2006	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Semiconductor manufacturing demands short cycle time of hot lots management for the purposes of process experiment, process characterization and design validation. To provide an almost no-wait transport for hot lots is become a serious issue under the 300mm automatic material handling system environment. The purpose of this paper is to provide an effective OHT dispatching method for hot lots against the normal lots under 300mm frequently blocking transportation situation. The objective is to minimize the transport delay of hot lots with least impact to the transport of normal lots. Simulation experiments based on realistic data from a Taiwan 300mm wafer foundry fabrication are conducted. Numerical results demonstrate that our method can effective expedite the movement for both hot lots and normal lots when OHT's amount is sufficient.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Engineering (all)	300mm,AMHS,Hot lot,Intrabay,OHT,Semiconductor manufacturing
Effective genetic approach for optimizing advanced planning and scheduling in flexible manufacturing system	2006	GECCO 2006 - Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference	In this paper, a novel approach for designing chromosome has been proposed to improve the effectiveness, which called multistage operation-based genetic algorithm (moGA). The objective is to find the optimal resource selection for assignments, operations sequences, and allocation of variable transfer batches, in order to minimize the total makespan, considering the setup time, transportation time, and operations processing time. The plans and schedules are designed considering flexible flows, resources status, capacities of plants, precedence constraints, and workload balance in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). The experimental results of various Advanced Planning and Scheduling (APS) problems have offered to demonstrate the efficiency of moGA by comparing with the previous methods. Copyright 2006 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	26	Engineering (all)	Multistage Operation-based Genetic Algorithm (moGA),Resource Selection and Operation Sequences
Development of self-organising emergent applications with simulation-based numerical analysis	2006	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	The goal of engineering self-organising emergent systems is to acquire a macroscopic system behaviour solely from autonomous local activity and interaction. Due to the non-deterministic nature of such systems, it is hard to guarantee that the required macroscopic behaviour is achieved and maintained. Before even considering a self-organising emergent system in an industrial context, e.g. for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) transportation systems, such guarantees are needed. An empirical analysis approach is proposed that combines realistic agent-based simulations with existing scientific numerical algorithms for analysing the macroscopic behaviour. The numerical algorithm itself obtains the analysis results on the fly by steering and accelerating the simulation process according to the algorithm's goal. The approach is feasible, compared to formal proofs, and leads to more reliable and valuable results, compared to mere observation of simulation results. Also, the approach allows to systematically analyse the macroscopic behaviour to acquire macroscopic guarantees and feedback that can be used by an engineering process to iteratively shape a self-organising emergent solution.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2006.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	8	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
A novel hybrid navigation scheme for reconfigurable multi-agent teams	2006	International Journal of Robotics and Automation	In this paper, we propose a hybrid navigation scheme for reconfigurable multi-agent teams. To accomplish a complex task such as search and rescue, agents need to frequently adjust their roles over time according to changes in the task space and in the environment. Furthermore, when exploring an unknown environment, the loss of a team member is likely and the addition of new team members to replace that loss is often necessary. Nevertheless, the loss and addition of members in the agent team should not affect the completion of the task. Our hybrid navigation scheme, consisting of a built-in reconfiguration mechanism and mode-switching navigation functions, reflects these needs by allowing an agent team to reconfigure itself to effectively complete a wide range of tasks. Our design has been implemented in C++ and has been tested by simulation in several typical tasks. We also investigate the effects of imperfect communication on the robustness of the navigation scheme.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Hybrid methods,Potential-field methods,Robot navigation
PRIM an open mobile robot platform. Motivation, present and future trends	2006	2006 IEEE International Conference on Automation, Quality and Testing, Robotics, AQTR	2006 IEEE.This paper ∗ is focused on the robot mobile platform PRIM (Platform Robot Information Multimedia). This robot has been made in order to cover two main needs of our group, on one hand the need for a full open mobile robotic platform that is very useful in fulfilling the teaching and research activity of our school community, and on the other hand with the idea of introducing an ethical product which would be useful as mobile multimedia information point as a service tool. This paper introduces exactly how the system is made up and explains just what the philosophy is behind this work. The navigation strategies and sensor fusion, where machine vision system is the most important one, are oriented towards goal achievement and are the key to the behaviour of the robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	2	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Machine vision system,Multimedia mobile information point,Navigation strategies oriented to achieve the goal,Open robot mobile system
Petri Net based modeling and control strategies for flexible manufacturing systems	2006	American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Manufacturing Engineering Division, MED	This paper presents comprehensive and unified strategies to model, analyze, and control flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) in an uncertain and dynamic environment using Petri Net (PN) based modeling. The proposed methodology enables PN models to accept and assimilate online data at execution time. A measurement system consisting of distributed sensory sources suitable for manufacturing processes is designed and an interface is developed of that system with the modeling software (SHARPE) and MATLAB's Simulink to enable real-time data acquisition and processing. The proposed strategies enable online parameter estimation to impart adaptive and intelligent learning capabilities to PN models. Copyright  2006 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Engineering (all)	None
A survey of dispatching rules for operational control in wafer fabrication	2006	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Production scheduling in semiconductor wafer fabs is a nontrivial task owing to the complexity of wafer fabrication. Dispatching rules are the most commonly used tools for shop floor control in this industry. Over the years, advanced dispatching rules capable of impacting multiple performance measures and utilizing both upstream and downstream information in assigning lot priorities have been introduced. This article aims to provide an overview of these rules and explore the effectiveness of their performance as they pertain to different areas in a wafer fab. Copyright  2006 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Batch processing,Material systems,Performance indices,Rules,Scheduling
Multi-agent robot systems as distributed autonomous systems	2006	Advanced Engineering Informatics	In the numerous existing studies dealing with multi-agent robot systems, the systems are positioned on the crossover area of robotics and distributed autonomous systems. Multi-agent robots perform many tasks, which are classified into six types according to the dimension of the goal state and the number of iterations of the tasks. This paper surveys earlier studies on multi-agent robots for each type, such as multi-robot motion-planning algorithms and exploration algorithms of multiple robots. The tasks that multi-agent robots can perform are becoming increasingly more complex as they move from single, one-time tasks to those involving many iterations. This study is an investigation of the current trends and the potentials for multi-agent robot systems.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	84	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Distributed systems,Multi-agent systems,Robotics
