Fuzzy logic control vs. nonlinear P control of a Three Wheeled Mobile Robot (TWMR)	2007	Proceedings of the 2007 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2007	The inverse and forward kinematics modeling of a three wheeled mobile robot (TWMR) is investigated. Assuming no track-wheel slippage, the TWMR has two degrees of freedom and needs only two driving actuators/motors. The robot is modeled (inverse kinematics) and the governing equations to track a desired path are derived. To verify the results, the TWMR is modeled in forward kinematics using simulation as well as experiment. The results showed good agreement between the desired path and the trace generated by the robot. Therefore the simulated forward kinematic model of robot is used to design controllers. A specific lane change duty is defined for the robot. A fuzzy logic controller is designed and its rules are optimized using heuristics and human expertise for the best results possible. The inputs of the controller are distance from desired lane and its derivatives and the outputs are angular velocities of actuators. Finally, a nonlinear P controller is developed for the same task and is optimized using genetic algorithm. The performance of our fuzzy controller is comparable to the nonlinear P controller. However, because of simplicity and the better optimization of P controller, its results are somehow better than the fuzzy controller.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	2	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Fuzzy control,Mobile robot kinematics
Designing self-organising emergent systems based on information flows and feedback-loops	2007	First International Conference on Self-Adaptive and Self-Organizing Systems, SASO 2007	For self-organising emergent solutions, there is no support to explicitly design system-wide information flows and feed-back loops in those flows. This is problematic because the problem-solving power mainly resides in coordination between agents which needs information exchange. The flows of inherently decentralised information are essential for emergence. Feedback loops are a prerequisite for self-organisation. The design should explicitly focus on information flows. Otherwise, engineers are overwhelmed by details of decentralised coordination mechanisms such as gradient fields without first looking at the bigger coordination picture. We introduce " InformationFlow" as abstraction to design a solution independently of the coordination mechanism details by explicitly identifying information flows and designing feedback-loops. UML 2 activity diagrams are the notation. An automated guided vehicle transportation system shows the usefulness and feasibility.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	11	Control and Systems Engineering	None
3-D kinematics modeling for mobile robot with steering castered-and- cambered wheels	2007	Proceedings of the 2007 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2007	In this paper, a universal kinematics model has been presented to a robot with four caster-cambered wheels. The effect toward the robot kinematics performance based on caster and camber has been analyzed. Closed-chain space and Instantaneous Superposition Frame (ISR) is used to build a 3D kinematics model about differential suspension mobile robot with caster-cambered wheels by independent propulsion and individual steering. A algorithm to estimate the wheel slippage is given. And the Jacobian of wheel with caster and camber has been presented. The results can be the extension of the research results of P.F. Muir and Rajagoplan.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Caster-cambered wheel,Kinematics,Mobile robot,Slippage estimation
Localization research based on special fusion method for redundancy ultrasonic information	2007	Proceedings of the 2007 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2007	This paper proposes a novel method to improve the accuracy of ultrasonic absolute localization. The characteristic and problem of ultrasonic absolute localization are analyzed and the insufficiency in existing methods is pointed out. Aiming at these questions, the special fusion method for redundancy ultrasonic information (SFMRUI) has been proposed. SFMRUI can well eliminate the error about times of flight (TOF) and can accurately calculate the wave lagging error. Moreover it can give an estimation of the measuring accuracy. Finally the experiment and the simulation have been performed, the experiment and the simulation results proved the SFMRUI law is effective and it can greatly improve the absolute localization accuracy.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Redundancy ultrasonic information,Times of flight,Ultrasonic absolute localization,Wave lagging error
A new design of the bi-directional automated guided vehicle system	2007	Summer Computer Simulation Conference 2007, SCSC'07, Part of the 2007 Summer Simulation Multiconference, SummerSim'07	This paper proposes a new design of the bi-directional automated guided vehicle (AGV) system, in which two AGVs can exchange their loads, the scheduled transportation tasks and even their vehicle numbers when they are moving in opposite directions and stop in front of each other. With the exchangeable AGV (EX-AGV) system, the common problems such as conflicts and deadlocks no longer exist and lots of unnecessary waiting time and detours can be avoided. A model, a solution algorithm framework and some on-line control polices are proposed. A simulation of the EX-AGV system is carried out and the result shows that the system is of well performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Modeling and Simulation	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Conflict,Deadlock,Dispatching,Scheduling
A mathematical programming model for design problems of automated guided vehicle systems Otomati̇k yönlendi̇ri̇ci̇li̇ araç si̇stemleri̇ni̇n tasarim problemleri̇ i̇çi̇n bi̇r matemati̇ksel programlama modeli̇	2007	Journal of the Faculty of Engineering and Architecture of Gazi University	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have become quite popular with their applications in automatic materials handling systems, in flexible manufacturing systems and even in seaports. In consequence of their widespread employment, the problems in these systems have emerged increasingly. In this study, a mathematical programming model is proposed for setting up an AGV system. When an AGV system is to be set up, flow path design and determination of the numbers and types of the required vehicles are crucial decisions for the system efficiency. In the literature, no model is present that solve these problems simultaneously. Therefore here an integrated mixed integer linear programming model is proposed to solve the foregoing problems for the preliminary design. The solvability of the model is shown on the randomly generated test problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Architecture,Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems,Flow path design,Material handling system (MHS),Mathematical model
Analysis of material handling scheduling using simulation	2007	IIE Annual Conference and Expo 2007 - Industrial Engineering's Critical Role in a Flat World - Conference Proceedings	This paper presents a new due date driven Material Handling Rule Priority Index for material handling equipment scheduling strategy. The development of an agent based material handling equipment control strategy using this proposed priority index is described. The performance comparison of this model with the existing control strategies is conducted via simulation considering average tardiness, maximum lateness, total number of tardy jobs and average cycle time as the performance measures. The results of the comparison signify that the proposed procedure provides superior performance over the other control strategies under the considered experimental setting.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agent based scheduling,ATC,Dispatching rules,Shortest travel time
On the use of automated guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing systems	2007	ICINCO 2007 - 4th International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics, Proceedings	In manufacturing systems, material transport plays a key role for production process efficiency. Because of their advantages over other material handling systems such as conveyors and robots, AGVs are widely used in flexible manufacturing systems. The scheduling of several AGVs in a non-conflicting manner is a complicated problem, especially when the AGV system is bi-directional. In fact, many undesirable situations may arise such as deadlocks and head-on conflicts if no efficient control policy is used to prevent them. This paper presents the key issues to be addressed to efficiently employ these devices, and deal particularly with the traffic management problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Human-Computer Interaction,Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Conflicts,Manufacturing systems,Routing,Traffic management
Deadlock handling for real-time control of AGVs at automated container terminals	2007	Container Terminals and Cargo Systems: Design, Operations Management, and Logistics Control Issues	In automated container terminals, situations occur where quay cranes, stacking cranes, and automated guided vehicles (AGVs), directly or indirectly request each other to start a specific process. Hence, all of the affected resources are blocked, possibly leading to the complete deadlock of individual cranes or AGVs. Particularly, AGVs are liable to deadlocks because they always need a secondary resource, either a quay crane or a stacking crane, to perform the pick-up and drop-off operations. Because usually no buffering of containers takes place at the interfaces between AGVs and cranes, the consequences of deadlocks are rather severe. Two different methods for the detection of deadlocks are presented. One is based on a matrix representation of the terminal system. The other directly traces the requests for the individual resources. To resolve deadlock situations arising in an automated container terminal, three different procedures are proposed. These procedures aim to modify the sequence of handling operations or to assign them to alternative resources so that conflicts between concurrent processes are resolved. The suitability of the concept is demonstrated in an extensive simulation study.  2007 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	1	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AGV dispatching,Container terminals,Deadlock detection and resolution
Strategies for dispatching AGVs at automated seaport container terminals	2007	Container Terminals and Cargo Systems: Design, Operations Management, and Logistics Control Issues	Control of logistics operations at container terminals is an extremely complex task, especially if automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are employed. In AGV dispatching, the stochastic nature of the handling systems must be taken into account. For instance, handling times of quay and stacking cranes as well as release times of transportation orders are not exactly known in advance. We present a simulation study of AGV dispatching strategies in a seaport container terminal, where AGVs can be used in single or dual-carrier mode. The latter allows transporting two small-sized (20 ft) or one large-sized (40 ft) container at a time, while in single-mode only one container is loaded onto the AGV irrespective of the size of the container. In our investigation, a typical on-line dispatching strategy adopted from flexible manufacturing systems is compared with a more sophisticated, pattern-based off-line heuristic. The performance of the dispatching strategies is evaluated using a scalable simulation model. The design of the experimental study reflects conditions which are typical of a real automated terminal environment. Major experimental factors are the size of the terminal and the degree of stochastic variations. Results of the simulation study reveal that the pattern-based off-line heuristic proposed by the authors clearly outperforms its on-line counterpart. For the most realistic scenario investigated, a deviation from a lower bound of less than 5% is achieved when the dual-load capability of the AGVs is utilized.  2007 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Denmark	13	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AGV dispatching,Container terminals,On-line and off-line control,Simulation
Machine grouping in cellular manufacturing system using tandem automated guided vehicle with ACO based six sigma approach	2007	37th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering 2007	One of the most important problems in cellular manufacturing system (CMS) is to design material handling system that could be lead to reducing production cost. A tandem automated guided vehicle (TAGV) is used to handling the material in CMS, where the shop is divided to non-overlapping closed zones workstation. TAGV is generally used to transfer the material inter and intra workstation. Also, among adjacent loops some places are determined for exchanging semi-produced parts. In this paper, based on TAGV work loading limitation, a nonlinear multi-objective mathematical model has been proposed to minimize material flow inter and intra loop and also the maximum amount of inter workstation flow. To reducing the variability of the material flow and established balanced loop, the six sigma approach has been developed to the model. The ant colony optimization method (ACO) is coded to solve the mathematical model and for validating the model it has been compared with the Branch and Bound method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Ant colony optimization,Intra and inter-loop flow,Six sigma,Tandem automated guided vehicle
Context-aware logistic routing and scheduling	2007	ICAPS 2007, 17th International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling	In context-aware route planning, agents have to plan their route on a common infrastructure in such a way that plans made by other agents are not invalidated, and no conflicts are introduced. Previous research on context-aware routing, mostly in the domain of automated guided vehicle (AGV) routing, has reported on an O(n4υ2) (n the number of vehicles, υ the number of infrastructure resources) algorithm. In this paper we present an improved algorithm with a complexity of only O(nυlog(nυ) + nυ2). Our free path routing approach is based on a search through the graph of free time windows on the resources, rather than a search through the infrastructure itself. Our algorithm can be used to find a set of conflict-free routes for a number of agents by finding the route for a single agent at a time. As a consequence, the order in which agents plan their route will determine the quality not only of the individual agent plans, but also of the global plan. Our experimental results confirm that for an individual agent, its position in the planning queue can make a significant difference; for the total throughput of the airport, however, the order in which the agents make their plans is not highly significant. Also the experiments compare our free path routing approach to fixed path scheduling approaches. We show that for a reasonable amount of extra computation time (required to investigate alternative routes), a free path routing approach finds more efficient plans, because it manages to avoid bottlenecks in the infrastructure. Copyright  2007, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (www.aaai.org). All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	20	Strategy and Management,Computer Science Applications,Mathematics (all)	None
Applications of automated guided vehicle (AGV) and industry robots with PMD-camera	2007	Proceedings of the 13th IASTED International Conference on Robotics and Applications, RA 2007 and Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Telematics	The PMD (Photonic Mixer Device)-camera is able to record video images of scenes and objects in 3-dimensional (3D) deep-data images and in 2-dimensional (2D) greyscales. This allows new solutions within the mobile robotics respectively Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) and industrial robotics. This contribution demonstrates three examples: 1.) Navigation of AGV, in which the PMD-camera is used for obstacle recognition, roadway recognition and obstacle avoidance. 2.) "Bin-Picking Problem" application within industry robotics, in which the PMD-camera is used for object recognition and for monitoring the gripping process. 3.) "Human-Robot-Interaction" application within industry robotics, in which the PMD-camera is used for monitoring the action area of the industry robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	Automated guided vehicle,Human robot interaction,Image processing,Industry robot,Mobile robot,PMD-camera
Experiment study of multi-step predictive control in AGV path tracking	2007	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Automation and Logistics, ICAL 2007	Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) is a kind of Wheeled Mobile Robot (WMR) that is used to convey material and supplies in unmanned production workshop. To finish transporting task for differential driving XAUT.AGV100 with nonholonomic constraints made by ourselves, Multi-Step Predictive Control Algorithm (MSPCA) is designed and used to control AGV to track plan-path to improve the speed of path tracking and the stability of motion. It is verified that MSPCA is feasible and effective through by the theory simulation and the experiment.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle),Multi-step predictive control,One-step predictive control,Path tracking,Plan-path
Lot dispatching and scheduling integrating OHT traffic information in the 300mm wafer Fab	2007	Proceedings of the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, IEEE CASE 2007	In this paper, we focus on the lot dispatching and vehicle dispatching problems in a 300mm wafer fab. We propose a two phase lot dispatching and vehicle dispatching integrated algorithm. The first phase is the offline optimization phase and the second phase is the online dispatching phase. In the offline optimization phase, we focus on the lot dispatching problem. We propose a scheduler which can search for appropriate weights of several rules and combines them into one mixed rule. Genetic algorithm (GA) is used to And the optimal combination of these heuristic rules. And the mixed rule is used in online dispatching phase. In the online dispatching phase, we focus on the vehicle dispatching problem. We take the real time traffic information into consideration and we apply Markov decision model to model the estimate of the cost of traversing a congested edge. Compared with the traditional shortest path method that searches for the shortest distance path, in our traffic model we search for the path with least expected travel time.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Evaluation of operational policies in the design phase of material handling networks	2007	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	We compare quality of solution and solution times of alternative operational dispatching policies that are integrated into the design phase of a material handling network for automated guided vehicle systems. Exact formulations describe the problem of optimal concurrent design of the unidirectional loop track layout along with the locations of the pickup and drop-off stations. The objective is to minimize the total loaded and empty vehicle trip distances, which is the main driver of the fleet size of the vehicles. A primary interest of our work is to illustrate the superiority of the shortest-trip-distance-first (STDF) over the first-come-first-served (FCFS) when integrated into the design phase. We also show that optimization under STDF in the design phase produces the best solution for first-encountered-first- served (FEFS) in the operation phase. The findings of the optimization models in the design phase are well supported by the outcomes of the simulation model in the operation phase.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Design of an automated transportation system in a seaport container terminal for the reliability of operating robots	2007	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	For the design of an automated transportation system in an actual seaport container terminal, it is necessary to take into consideration the maintenance of operating robots (AGV: Automated Guided Vehicle and ATC: Automated Transfer Crane). For this purpose, we develop an operation model in which each robot enters a maintenance mode while operating on the basis of its reliability. We also aim to design the mean time between failure (MTBF) which is a kind of a measure of robot performance on the basis of the robots' reliability as well as the number of robots. However, this is a combinatorial design problem. Therefore, we propose a design methodology in order to derive one combinatorial design solution for a given demand by considering a system management cost that includes a system construction cost and a penalty cost. The designed systems are evaluated on the basis of the system management costs. Finally, we present the validity of the proposed design methodology and designed systems. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	AGV,ATC,Automated trans-portation system,Design,MTBF,Reliability,Seaport container terminal
Adaptive control design of an omnidirectional automated guided vehicle in consideration of mass change	2007	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is used in many factories. Wheeled mobile robot (WMR) is applied to the AGVs. The structure can not move in all directions freely. On the other hand, the structure that can be moved in all directions is important in the limited place such as factory. Recently omnidirectional mobile robots are studied in the robot field. One type of the mobile robots can move for all directions with special structure such that omniwheel. However the wheel damages floors, the carrying capacity of the robot is low and the ability of climbing bump is inferior. These problems are very weakness when the robot is used the AGV in factory such that assembly car plant. For the reasons, the AGV with omnidirectional type mechanism is desired. In this paper, we proposed a new control method of Omnidirectional AGV. The proposed control uses the adaptive control technique for considering mass change of load.  2007 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive control,AGV,Holonomic structure,Omnidirectional mobile robot
Comparing transportation systems for inter-terminal transport at the Maasvlakte container terminals	2007	Container Terminals and Cargo Systems: Design, Operations Management, and Logistics Control Issues	In this paper, a comparison between three transportation systems for the overland transport of containers between container terminals is presented. A simulation model has been developed to assist in this respect. Transport in this study can be done by either multi-trailers, automated guided vehicles or automated lifting vehicles. The model is equipped with a rule-based control system as well as an advanced planning algorithm. The model is applied to a realistic scenario for the Maasvlakte situation in the near future. The experiments give insight into the importance of the different characteristics of the transport systems and their interaction with the handling equipment. Finally, a cost analysis has been executed to support management investment decisions.  2007 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	11	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Automated container terminals,Discrete event simulation,Inter-terminal transport,Transport systems
Task scheduling and routing optimization for AGVs based on intelligent multi-agent technologies in tobacco AS/RS	2007	International Conference on Transportation Engineering 2007, ICTE 2007	Based on the advantages of multi-agent technology, a method about task scheduling and routing optimization for Automated Guided Vehicles(AGVs) in tobacco automated storage and retrieval system(AS/RS) has been put forward. It is composed of four kinds of agents such as AGVs, scheduling, material manager and traffic controller agents. The strategies for task scheduling and minimum routing optimizing of AGVs have been presented. In QUEST simulation environment, a case model for the logistics system on tobacco raw material storehouse in Jinan General Tobacco Corp.(JGTC) has been researched. Simulation results indicate that this method can improve the efficiencies of storing and retrieving, and reduce the travel length of AGVs in unit time. It also can provide a optimal solving approach in other logistics systems. Copyright ASCE 2007.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Multi-agents,Routing optimization,Task scheduling
Deadlock prevention for automated guided vehicles in automated container terminals	2007	Container Terminals and Cargo Systems: Design, Operations Management, and Logistics Control Issues	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are an important component for automating container terminals. When utilizing AGVs to transport containers from one position to another in a container terminal, deadlocks are a serious problem that must be solved before real operations can take place. This study assumes that the traveling area for AGVs is divided into a large number of grid-blocks, and, as a method of traffic control, grid-blocks are reserved in advance when AGVs are running. The first purpose of the reservation is to make room between AGVs and to prevent deadlocks. The objective of this study is to develop an efficient deadlock prediction and prevention algorithm for AGV systems in automated container terminals. Because the size of an AGV is much larger than the size of a grid-block on a guide path, this study assumes that an AGV may occupy more than one grid-block at a time. This study proposes a method for reserving grid-blocks in advance to prevent deadlocks. A graphical representation method is suggested for a reservation schedule and a priority table is suggested to maintain priority consistency among grid-blocks. It is shown that the priority consistency guarantees deadlock-free reservation schedules for AGVs to cross the same area at the same time. The proposed method was tested in a simulation study.  2007 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	South Korea	3	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AGV,Deadlock,Graph
Data Envelopment Analysis Model for Selecting Material Handling System Designs	2007	Communications in Computer and Information Science	The material handling system under design is an unmanned job shop with an automated guided vehicle that transport loads within the processing machines. The engineering task is to select the design alternatives that are the combinations of the four design factors: the ratio of production time to transportation time, mean job arrival rate to the system, input/output buffer capacities at each processing machine, and the vehicle control strategies. Each of the design alternatives is simulated to collect the upper and lower bounds of the five performance indices. We develop a Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) model to assess the 180 designs with imprecise data of the five indices. The three-ways factorial experiment analysis for the assessment results indicates the buffer capacity and the interaction of job arrival rate and buffer capacity affect the performance significantly.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	None
Inventory-based dispatching of automated guided vehicles on container terminals	2007	Container Terminals and Cargo Systems: Design, Operations Management, and Logistics Control Issues	This paper deals with automated guided vehicles (AGVs) which transport containers between the quay and the stack on automated container terminals. The focus is on the assignment of transportation jobs to AGVs within a terminal control system operating in real time. First, we describe a rather common problem formulation based on due times for the jobs and solve this problem both with a greedy priority rule based heuristic and with an exact algorithm. Subsequently, we present an alternative formulation of the assignment problem, which does not include due times. This formulation is based on a rough analogy to inventory management and is solved using an exact algorithm. The idea behind this alternative formulation is to avoid estimates of driving times, completion times, due times, and tardiness because such estimates are often highly unreliable in practice and do not allow for accurate planning. By means of simulation, we then analyze the different approaches. We show that the inventory-based model leads to better productivity on the terminal than the due-time-based formulation.  2007 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	11	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Assignment problem,Automated guided vehicles,Container logistics,Container terminal,Dispatching,Simulation
A decomposition method with cut generation for simultaneous production scheduling and routing for multiple AGVs	2007	Proceedings of the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, IEEE CASE 2007	Conventional methods for simultaneous production scheduling and routing problem have hierarchical decomposition scheme where production scheduling problem and routing problem are separately solved due to computational complexity. We propose a novel decomposition method with cut generation. The entire problem is decomposed into a upper level subproblem for production scheduling and task assignment problem and a lower level subproblem for collisionfree routing of multiple AGVs. The novel idea of the proposed method is the upper level subproblem which is solved by using Lagrangian relaxation technique incorporating cuts generated from a solution of the lower level subproblem. The algorithm solves successively the upper level problem and the lower level problem until a near-optimal solution for original problem is derived. The effectiveness of the proposed method is investigated from numerical experiments. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Vehicle dispatching with real time location information in containter terminals	2007	International Mediterranean Modeling Multiconference, I3M 2007	In container terminals with tight handling schedules, the transport between the quayside and the yard often holds the key to sustaining a high vessel rate. Thus the main objec-tive of vehicle dispatching is to minimize the vessel turn-around time. However, because of the stochastic nature of the transport process, dispatching of vehicles is often far from ideal, resulting in a lower crane rate. To enhance the quality of decision for the deployment of the vehicles, mechanisms for inferring the vehicle job finishing time are needed. Moreover, improved algorithm for using the in-ferred vehicle locations is needed. In this paper, we compare the effectiveness of predicting vehicle job finishing time based on three different ways of inferring momentary vehicle locations. We also present a novel dispatching algorithm for better use of the inferred job finishing time. Computer simulation models are built for performance evaluation, which are driven by data rep-resenting typical terminal operations. The results show that precise real time vehicle location information is valuable in better vehicle dispatching decisions and it contributes sig-nificantly to the overall terminal performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	4	Modeling and Simulation	Container terminal operations,Real time vehicle dispatching,Simulation based decision support system
Intelligent decentralised scheduling in a biological manufacturing system environment	2007	ICRM 2007 - 4th International Conference on Responsive Manufacturing	This paper proposes a biologically inspired intelligent decentralised real-time scheduling methodology based on continuous communication between machines and transporters. The system aims to satisfy the performance objectives in a real-time scheduling environment without any centralised control. No advanced scheduling takes place, since the machine for each processing stage is selected only after the previous stage has been completed. Three types of dynamic scheduling are identified and the operational procedures are developed. The proposed scheduling approaches differ in terms of flexibility of the established processing and transportation contracts, which influences the system's ability to respond to disturbances. In a fixed-contract scheduling environment no party can break the established agreement, whereas flexible-contracts grant a right for cancellation to 'empty' resources to facilitate the rapid processing of higher priority products. In continuous-matching scheduling the right to cancel a contract is extended to other resources, forcing them to continuously monitor the system and reschedule whenever a higher priority product appears or a closer capable resource becomes available. Automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) are recommended for transportation of products between the machines. The initial simulation results indicate that the methodology is feasible and can react to changes in the environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Biological manufacturing,Scheduling,Simulation
Integrated scheduling of manufacturing operations and material handling tasks in the job shops: A network model	2007	37th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering 2007	Material handling tasks in the job shops have to be coordinated with manufacturing operations in order to efficiently utilize the production resources and to reduce the accumulation of work-in-process inventory. This paper extends the traditional job shop scheduling problem by incorporating the scheduling of the material handling tasks. It provides a generic definition and a network model for the integrated scheduling problem, which can be customized to both automated systems, such as the flexible manufacturing systems, and manually operated ones. Based on the network model, an exact branch-and-bound algorithm is developed for the objective of minimizing the maximum completion time of all manufacturing and material handling tasks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Branch-and-bound,Job shop scheduling,Material handling,Vehicle routing
Planning and scheduling heuristics for parallel machines	2007	IIE Annual Conference and Expo 2007 - Industrial Engineering's Critical Role in a Flat World - Conference Proceedings	We study a planning and scheduling problem for parallel machines. We consider n jobs that have to be assigned and sequenced on m unrelated parallel machines. Each job has a weight that represents the priority of the corresponding customer order, a given due date, and a release date. An automated guided vehicle is used to transport at maximum Loadmax jobs into a storage space in front of the machines in a given period. We consider T periods of time. We are interested in minimizing the total weighted tardiness of the jobs. We present a mixed integer programming (MIP) model formulation for the problem. We suggest a decomposition method that first assigns jobs to the periods. The jobs for one period are assigned to the machines in a second phase and sequenced on each single machine. Dispatching rules are used in all phases. We present computational results for stochastically-generated test instances. We compare the results with near-to-optimal solutions from a commercial MIP solver. The decomposition approach performs well with respect to solution quality.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Decomposition,Dispatching,Mixed integer programming,Planning and scheduling,Unrelated parallel machines
Performance design of operating robots in a seaport container-handling system	2007	Proceedings of the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, IEEE CASE 2007	In order to provide a highly efficient container-handling system in a seaport terminal, for a given constraint, i.e., demand, we take into account the performance of operating robots, such as quay container cranes (QCCs), automated guided vehicles (AGVs), and rubber-tired gantry cranes (RTGCs) in addition to the number of robots, as design objectives. However, this is a combinatorial design problem. Therefore in this paper, we propose a design methodology with the use of a hybrid design process which had been proposed for designing the number of robots. By using this methodology, we design two objectives, that is, the number of robots and their performance for a given demand. Finally, we present the validity of the proposed methodology by comparing and evaluating construction costs of two systems, which are designed with the used of the proposed design methodology and a design methodology which does not take into account the robots performance. Moreover, we discuss the designed robots performance in terms of the system bottleneck.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Machine intelligence through self generated programs	2007	Proceedings of the 2007 4th IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics, ICM 2007	Ample research is currently being done on Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV's) in terms of self learning automatic vehicles. This type of research covers the adaptation to the vehicles its surroundings, route optimization and priority of execution just to mention some of the aspects. This paper investigate the success of a stogastic method of generating an AGV program for functionality, object avoidance and route planning against conventional programming initiatives.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Research on the AGV based robot system used in substation inspection	2007	2006 International Conference on Power System Technology, POWERCON2006	At the present time, substation equipments are inspected one by one by electric power workers in our country. It's not only cost much manpower and material resource, but also inefficient and insecurity. The laser guided AGV based robot system used in substation inspection is a much better choose to solve the above problems. AGV, namely automatic guided vehicle, is a kind of simple mobile robot, which integrates sound, light, electricity and computer. And it is applied in the fields of industry manufacture and logistics widely and maturely. Improve the laser guided AGV in configuration, location, run and control software and so on combined with the requirement of substation operating standard, and then the improved AGV can be used in automatic inspection of substation equipments. The paper introduces the theory and application of laser guided AGV briefly, analyses the feasibility of improving AGV to meet the requirements of field environment and operation standard of substation, and then the design scheme of AGV based robot system used in substation equipment inspection is brought forward. The robot system can replace workers to inspect equipments in substation automatically or remote-controlled, and the operation automation of substation is improved to a new level. Accordingly, the application in substation inspection of the robot system based on laser guided AGV has notable economical benefits and social significance.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	15	Energy Engineering and Power Technology	AGV,Automation,Charge station,Electronic map,Incipient fault,Infrared camera,Laser guided,Robot,Substation inspection,Wireless communication
Analysis of the container terminal traffic with productivity constraints: A simulation approach	2007	14th World Congress on Intelligent Transport Systems, ITS 2007	In this paper the authors analyze the container terminal traffic of prime movers with productivity constraints of yard cranes (YCs) and quay cranes (QCs) by micro simulation approach. Simulation provides the possibility in considering complicated constraints and situations in container terminals. Different scenarios are studied in order to consider the impacts of productivity constraints toward the traffic of prime movers. Based on the simulation results, statistical and sensitivity analyses are conducted, respectively. Conclusions and future research needs are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Transportation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	None
Real time scheduling by coordination for optimizing operations of equipments in a container terminal	2007	Proceedings - International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence, ICTAI	To maximize the productivity of a container terminal, it is important to have the operations of the equipments of different types optimized and synchronized. However, any attempt to search for a globally optimum operation schedule is prohibitive because of the real time constraint. The real time scheduling method proposed in this paper first generates schedules of individual equipments by using simple heuristics. Subsequently, the method analyzes the schedules to locate the job that causes the longest delay and tries to reduce the delay by adjusting the individual schedules of the relevant equipments. This adjustment process repeats until the quality of the schedules is satisfactory. Simulation experiments have shown that our method produces more efficient operation schedules in real time than other methods based on simulated annealing or heuristic-only strategies.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	4	Engineering (all)	None
String algebra-based approach to dynamic routing in multi-LGV automated warehouse systems	2007	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Control Applications	This paper presents a dynamic routing method for supervisory control of multiple Laser Guided Vehicles (LGVs) that are traveling within a layout of a given warehouse. In dynamic routing a calculated path particularly depends on the number of currently active LGVs' missions and their priorities. In order to solve the shortest path problem dynamically, the proposed routing method uses the string matrix composition and time windows in a vector form. For each mission requested by the supervisor, the string composition algorithm first finds the candidate paths and then checks if they are feasible. The feasibility of a particular path is evaluated by insertion of appropriate time windows and by performing the windows overlapping tests. The algorithm resolves the time windows conflicts iteratively by inserting new time windows until the conflicts disappear or remain present only on the path's origin arc, which means that the found candidate paths are not feasible. The use of time windows makes the algorithm apt for other scheduling and routing problems. The proposed method has been successfully tested in the industrial environment and the results are presented.  2006 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	0	Engineering (all)	None
Soft computing robot navigation case study	2007	New Dimensions in Fuzzy Logic and Related Technologies - Proceedings of the 5th EUSFLAT 2005 Conference	This contribution presents Soft Computing Robot Navigation for mobile robot SCORCAS, a Case Study. The Navigation uses fuzzy logic experienced on mobile robot systems. Fuzzy logic is applied in analogous way into three sub-systems: i. Sensor, consisting of five autonomous sensor sub-systems: visual, acoustic, tactile, thermal and inertial; ii. Sensor fusion that comprise all the robot stimulus in environment image representation; iii. Path planning - responsible for trajectory generation. These systems are implemented into experimental prototype. Some results are reported.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Bulgaria	0	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Information Systems	Fuzzy System,Robot Navigation,Soft Computing
Fuzziness and constraints programming for AGVs system control	2007	Systems Science	The subject matter of the study is a deadlock-free supervisory control for automated guided vehicles (AGV) that operate in a common workspace of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). An AGV provides load/unload services to some workstations while moving along a cyclic transportation route. So, since transport and service operations are repetitive, hence the transport processes considered are modeled as a system of cyclic concurrent processes sharing common traveling intervals with mutual exclusion. The execution of processes has to guarantee a collision-free and deadlock-free AGVs flow. In this paper, the problem of determination of the rules coordinating access of the vehicles to the shared travel route intervals, ensuring the collision-free and deadlock-free execution of the repetitive processes was reduced to determination of the sufficient conditions assumed to be a pair (an initial state, a set of dispatching rules). In particular, the problem of searching for a pair is defined in the form of the constraint satisfaction problem (CSP) and is solved with the use of the logic programming techniques. The approach proposed provides the framework allowing one to take into account both distinct (pointed) and imprecise (fuzzy) data, in a unified way and treated in a unified form of discrete CSP. The approach considered regards the logic-algebraic method and CP-driven methodology aimed at interactive decision making based on distinct and imprecise data. Illustrative examples are provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Constraints logic programming,Deadlock avoidance,Fuzzy sets,Knowledge engineering,Scheduling
A three-phase inductive power transfer system for roadway-powered vehicles	2007	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	The development of a new three-phase bipolar inductive power transfer system that provides power across the entire width of a roadway surface for automatic guided vehicles and people mover systems is described. A prototype system was constructed to verify the feasibility of the design for a number of moving loads (toy cars). Here, 40 A/phase is supplied at 38.4 kHz to a 13-m-long test track. Flat pickups are used on the underside of each vehicle to couple power from the track to the vehicle. Finite element modeling software was used to design the geometrical position of the track cables and to predict the power output. This design resulted in a considerably wider power delivery zone than possible using a single-phase track layout and has been experimentally verified. Mutual coupling effects between the various track phases require additional compensation to be added to ensure balanced three-phase currents.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	309	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Electromagnetic coupling,Electromagnetic induction,Energy conversion,Road vehicle electric propulsion
Fuzzy hybrid navigation of an active mobile robotic assistant: A multisensory fusion approach	2007	Proceedings of IEEE Workshop on Advanced Robotics and its Social Impacts, ARSO	This paper presents methodologies and techniques for multi-sensory fuzzy hybrid navigation of an active mobile robot assistant for the elderly people in known, cluttered and dynamic indoor environments. For self-localization, the geometric and topological representations are combined together to maintain the advantages of them and counteract their disadvantages. By using RFID system, the estimation of position hypothesis for similar regions in a known environment can be reduced. The global optimal path composed of via points is determined by using Dijkstra's dynamic programming approach. Fuzzy adaptive speed control law is designed to make the robot adapt to various users' speeds. Safe fuzzy hybrid navigation is achieved by fusing adaptive speed, goal-seeking and obstacle-avoidance from the sensing data of laser scanner and ultrasonic rangers. In addition, Experimental results are conducted to show the effectiveness and merits of the proposed methods. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Social Sciences (all)	Behavior,Fuzzy control,Localization,Mobile robot assistant,Multisensory fusion,Navigation
Application of UWB and GPS technologies for vehicle localization in combined indoor-outdoor environments	2007	2007 9th International Symposium on Signal Processing and its Applications, ISSPA 2007, Proceedings	Ultra-Wide Band (UWB) sensors are innovative devices constructed for efficient wireless communications that have recently being used for vehicle localization in indoor environments. In contrast, GPS sensors are well-known satellite-based positioning devices widely extended for outdoor applications. We evaluate in this paper the combination of both technologies for efficient positioning of vehicles in a mixed scenario (both indoor and outdoor situations), which is typical in applications such as automatic guided vehicles transporting and storing goods among warehouses. The framework we propose for combining sensor information is Monte Carlo Localization (also known as Particle Filters), which is a versatile solution to the fusion of different sensory data and exhibits a number of advantages with respect to other localization techniques. In the paper we describe our approach and evaluate it with several simulated experiments that have yielded promising results. This work, supported by the European project CRAFT-COOP-CT-2005-017668, becomes a first step toward a robust and reliable localization system for automated industrial vehicles. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	39	Signal Processing	None
A navigation system for a wheelchair user based on a multi-modal design	2007	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Electronics, Circuits, and Systems	A multi-modal system to control the movement of an Electric wheelchair, using small vocabulary word recognition system and a set of sensors to detect and avoid obstacles, is implemented. The methodology adopted is based on grouping a speech recognition microprocessor for isolated word from a dependent speaker and the set of sensors. The resulting design is used to control a wheelchair for a handicapped person based on the vocal command. The input of the system is a set of ten Arabic words used to control the movement of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) and information on the environment given by the sensors; the output is a corresponding command avoiding obstacles and planning collision-free paths. The system is developed in order to be installed on the wheelchair. Therefore it should be accurate, no bulky easy in operation and low power consumption. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	0	Engineering (all)	None
An embedded CPU based automatic ranging system for vehicles	2007	2007 Mediterranean Conference on Control and Automation, MED	Based on the structure and theory of optical-mechanical-electrical automatic ranging system of vehicles, paper has a discussion and research of the architecture and design of auto ranging system with risk estimation and decision making basing on embedded CPU. The solution of embedded system has got a good real-time performance and it can promote the data processing capability of the system. Paper mainly introduces the defects of SCM (Single Chip Micyoco) based ranging system and the hardware architecture, software architecture and some other key technology of the embedded system based ranging system, etc. It also introduces the solution of using two lidars light detection and ranging method. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
A job shop scheduling approach based on simulation optimization	2007	IEEM 2007: 2007 IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	With regards to the problem of the traditional scheduling approach can't establish the precise scheduling models and obtain the satisfied scheduling results at the same time, a new scheduling approach based on simulation optimization methodology is presented. The approach comprises two modules: genetic algorithm (GA) based optimizer and discrete event simulation model. Candidate scheduling schemes represented by a serial of scheduling rules are suggest by GA that automatically guides the system towards better solutions. Simulation models are used to evaluate the performance of candidate scheduling schemes, the results of evaluation are returned to the GA to be utilized in selection of the next generation of candidate scheduling schemes to be evaluated. This process continues until a satisfactory solution is obtained. In addition, In order to build simulation model rapidly for the similar production conditions, a simulation modeling approach based on modular control models including shop level controller model, cell level controller model and equipment level controller model is present. The approach encompasses control logic, which are separated from the basic modeling elements in the simulation model, of different levels in production system. Finally, a case study is presented to illustrate the application of the proposed approach.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	11	Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Genetic algorithm,Scheduling,Simulation modeling,Simulation optimization
A general telematics framework for autonomous service robots	2007	Proceedings of the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, IEEE CASE 2007	Many environment and task specific methods and systems for building Service Robots exist. However vast strides in the evolution of Smart Device Technologies and Telematics create the need for a Telematic Framework that is generic, scalable, modular and dynamic. This Framework though generic in nature can be applied quite successfully to specific problems like Robot Navigation and Sensor Fusion as discussed here. The fundamental design aspects and implementation issues encountered during the development are discussed. Experiments were conducted and the results of the deployment of three major peripheral modules of the Telematics Framework namely the GSM/GPRS based Communication Module, GIS based Decision Support Module and Smart Client Integration Modules ( for GPS sensor) are reported in this paper.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
An initial task assignment method for tasks assignment and routing problem	2007	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	This paper discusses an on-line Tasks Assignment and Routing Problem(TARP) for Autonomous Transportation Systems(ATSs) in manufacturing systems. The TARP results in a constrained version of die Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows(PDPTW). As an approach to this problem, a cooperative algorithm with autonomous distributed agents has been proposed. The algorithm is able to plan deadlock-free routes even though the buffer capacity is small, but includes reformability at the point that computation time of that case increases drastically. We have proposed an initial task assignment method to reduce computational time on planning routes. This paper evaluates the proposed method, and results of evaluation show effectiveness of the proposed method.  2007 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous distributed systems,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Multi agent,PDPTW,Vehicle routing
Simulation framework for complex manufacturing systems with automated material handling	2007	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	In this paper, we suggest a framework that allows for the simulation-based performance assessment of complex manufacturing systems with Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHS). Therefore, we consider a coupling architecture that connects simulation models of the manufacturing base system and the AMHS with a shop-floor control system. The center point of this architecture is a blackboard-type data layer between the shop-floor control system and the two simulation engines. We provide detailed information on how the different subsystems communicate and how each system triggers events of the other systems. We show by means of a case study how this framework supports the required performance assessment.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	8	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
An optimization model for rigorously assessing efficient heuristics for traffic coordination at intersections	2007	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	Large-scale, network-centric control systems can benefit significantly via the use of computer and communication technologies. Given the large size and complexity of such systems, it is often not possible to compute optimal solutions. In many cases, it may be necessary that the control solution can be computed within a short time interval, whereaqs computing an optimal solution might require a much longer time interval. Thus, heuristic control strategies are often deployed in lieu of fully optimal solutions. However, in order to ensure that a heuristic technique meets the performance requirements reasonably well, it is necessary to compare it with the optimal method. In this paper, we demonstrate this process by using a case study of scheduling vehicles traveling on a grid of intersecting roads. We develop an optimization model for this problem using linear programming and solve it using CPLEX. Moreover, we develop two heuristic algorithms for the same problem, and evaluate them against the optimal approach.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Dispatching vehicles in a mega container terminal	2007	Container Terminals and Cargo Systems: Design, Operations Management, and Logistics Control Issues	We consider a container terminal discharging and uploading containers to and from ships. The discharged containers are stored at prespecified storage locations in the terminal yard. Containers are moved between the ship area and the yard using a fleet of vehicles, each of which can carry one container at a time. The problem is to dispatch vehicles to the containers so as to minimize the total time it takes to serve a ship, which is the total time it takes to discharge all containers from the ship and upload new containers onto the ship. We develop easily implementable heuristic algorithms and identify both the absolute and asymptotic worst-case performance ratios of these heuristics. In simple settings, most of these algorithms are optimal, while in more general settings, we show, through numerical experiments, that these algorithms obtain near-optimal results for the dispatching problem.  2007 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	2	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Heuristics,Port terminal operations,Vehicle dispatching
Simulation of a multiterminal system for container handling	2007	Container Terminals and Cargo Systems: Design, Operations Management, and Logistics Control Issues	A generic simulation model structure for the design and evaluation of multiterminal systems for container handling is proposed. A model is constructed by combining three basic functions: transport, transfer, and stacking. It can be used for further detailing of the subsystems in the terminal complex while preserving the container flow patterns in the system. The modeling approach has been applied to the complete set of existing and future terminals in the Rotterdam port area, using forecasts of containers flows, statistical data from existing terminals, expert opinions, and conceptual designs of the new port area called second Maasvlakte. Experimental results including the requirements for deep-sea quay lengths, storage capacities, and equipment for interterminal transport are shown. Further traffic flows on the terminal infrastructure are determined, and the consequences of applying security scanning of containers are evaluated.  2007 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	15	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Conceptual design,Container terminal,Process interaction method,Simulation,Strategic
Vision-based automatic guidance of road vehicles	2007	37th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering 2007	The rapid growing transportation has a critical affect on economic development. However, the growing volume of traffic cause large amount of traffic accidents. The paper attempts to develop a vision-based automatic guided system of road vehicles in order to enhance the traffic safety. Main function of the system is to find the collision avoidance path by obstacle detection and lane tracking. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for obstacle detection in front of moving cars, using linear stereo vision. To speed up the processing time, the research transferred colored images to gray images. The gradient information is utilized to search the candidate features. Followed by a k-means-like method, the features can be extracted. To obtain the physical three-dimensional coordinates of the objects, the crucial problem is the so-called "correspondence problem" which consists in matching features in two stereo images. The research proposed a new matching algorithm according to the similarity matrix of the two images. We also address a modified edge detection method to quickly track the lane. Finally, a collision-free vehicle guiding path is determined. The system has been evaluated with experiments on outdoor road environments. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Guidance,Lane tracking,Matching,Obstacle detection,Stereo vision
Multistage operation-based genetic algorithms: Optimizing advanced planning and scheduling	2007	ICMSEM: Proceedings of 2007 International Conference on Management Science and Engineering Management	The planning and scheduling of manufacturing systems always require resource capacity constraints, disjunctive constraints and precedence constraints, owing to the tight due dates, multiple customerspecific orders, and flexible process strategies. Advanced Planning and Scheduling (APS) mainly supports the integrated, constraint-based and optimal planning of the manufacturing system to reduce lead times, lower inventories, and to increase throughput. It is very important role for treating a range of capabilities from finite-capacity scheduling at the shop floor level through to constraint-based planning in a multi-plant chain. In this paper, a novel approach for designing a chromosome is proposed to improve the effectiveness, which called multistage operation-based genetic algorithm (moGA). The objective is to find the optimal resource selection for assignments, operations sequences, and allocation of variable transfer batches, in order to minimize the makespan, considering the setup time, transportation time, and operations processing time. The plans and schedules are designed considering flexible flows, resources status, capacities of plants, precedence constraints, and workload balance. Moreover, we combined moGA with an effective Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) for improving the efficiency of an evolutional process in GA. The experimental result shows that proposed hybrid moGA+FLC can converge to optimal solution in higher speed. Furthermore we compare our approach with Moon-Kim-Gen's approach under the same experimental data. The results of various sizes of numerical experiments will demonstrate the efficiency of the hybrid moGA+FLC by comparing with the previous methods.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Management of Technology and Innovation,Management Science and Operations Research	Advanced Planning and Scheduling (APS),Fuzzy logic controller (FLC),Multistage operation-based genetic algorithm (moGA),Resource selection and operation sequences
Modified syntactic method to recognize Bengali handwritten characters	2007	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	Several approaches have been proposed to recognize handwritten Bengali characters using different curve-fitting algorithms. The syntactic methods that are used to recognize printed Bengali alphabetic characters tend not to be suitable enough to properly distinguish Bengali handwritten characters. The proposed curve-fitting algorithm helps accurately recognize various strokes of different patterns (e.g., line and quadratic curve), thus drastically reducing the error elimination burden. As compared to existing approaches, the proposed modified syntactic method demonstrates significant improvement in recognizing Bengali handwritten characters.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	7	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Curvature,Curve fitting,Pattern recognition,Syntactic method,Thinning algorithm
Fuzzy modelling of an agent oriented manufacturing enterprise	2007	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	In order to remain in contention in the world market, it is necessary for manufacturing enterprises to design and produce new products with the shortest possible lead time as well as in an effective and competitive way. This includes features of a distributed control paradigm, to adjust to dynamic situations such as frequent process disturbances. Feasibility of a manufacturing enterprise can be enhanced by forming an efficient, flexible, and responsive network of autonomous agents, which can be termed an 'agent networks'. The flexibility and responsiveness of an agent network can be implemented only when there is proper interaction and communication facility between its various entities. The goal of this paper is to streamline the structural intricacies related to the agent network so that the system as a whole can be more flexible and responsive. In this context, a fuzzy c-means-based clustering algorithm is proposed to group the agents in order to capture effectively the uncertainty and imprecision associated with them. This leads to clustering of the pertinent agents and thus reduces the number of discrete entities of the manufacturing system, thereby simplifying the function of the system. A test problem has been solved to show the effectiveness of the proposed approach.  IMechE 2007.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	3	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,Autonomous agents,Fuzzy c-means clustering,Manufacturing enterprises
Plug-and-play autonomous mobile robot (P&PAMR)	2007	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	In a few years, Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMR) will proliferate and become an important part of our daily lives. In this paper, we proposed a Plug-and-Play Autonomous Mobile Robot (P&PAMR) platform for the integration, discovery and invocation of mobile robots services. With the P&PAMR architecture, all AMR functionalities are exposed as Web Services that can be discovered in a service repository. A mediator service called Transport Broker can be used to act among the service requesters and the service providers guaranteeing the quality of the services. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Coordination, cooperation and conflict resolution in multi-agent systems	2007	Innovations and Advanced Techniques in Computer and Information Sciences and Engineering	In this paper, we present a condensed survey of multi-agent systems, with special emphasis on cooperation coordination, conflict resolution and closely related issues; issues that are critical for the development of largescale, distributed complex software systems. Then we present three different cooperative MAS architecture types, discuss their drawbacks and propose the need for a service driven framework for the development of cooperative multi-agent systems.  2007 Springer.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	12	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Conflict resolution,Cooperative systems,Coordination,Multi-agent systems,Service computing
Tools for the platform designer's toolbox	2007	Proceedings of ICED 2007, the 16th International Conference on Engineering Design	Over the last three decades, globalization and customers' buying power has forced many manufacturers to produce an increasingly wide variety of products. Previously, one product could answer most needs, and engineering methods and tools focused primarily on design, development, and deployment of a single product. Today's market is much more fragmented, and niche markets can no longer be ignored. Since the traditional approach (i.e., development of individual products resulting in a set of "orphan" products) will increase costs prohibitively, platform-based product design blossomed and has been adopted in many of today's industries. Platform-based product design enables designers to develop a family of products sharing a common platform such that not one product but an entire family is now taken into account, and this new dimension brings more questions and challenges and obsoletes many existing tools and methods. The goal in this paper is to move the industry closer to the state-of-the-art tools and show companies that operational tools exist and work, while highlighting potential future work for researchers in the field. Thus, we provide a clear picture of (1) the new challenges resulting from differences between traditional and newer approaches (i.e., single product vs. a family of products), (2) solutions for product family design, and (3) remaining opportunities for tool development.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Design,Methodology,Product family,Product platform,Tool,Toolbox
Advanced motion control and sensing for intelligent vehicles	2007	Advanced Motion Control and Sensing for Intelligent Vehicles	Advanced Motion Control and Sensing for Intelligent Vehicles provides the latest information in intelligent vehicle control, sensing, and intelligent transportation. It addresses the growing need for safe, comfortable, time and energy-efficient modes of transportation with emphasis on the latest key findings, current trends, and likely future developments in this rapidly expanding field. Highlights: Discusses individual vehicle dynamics, sensory and multiple ground-vehicle interactions Includes systematic review of past and current research achievements Presents case studies in cutting-edge directions such as vehicle steering motion, vehicle vision systems, cooperative driving, intersection safety, and tire pressure monitoring Assesses the likely future developments of this field This book is useful for both practicing engineers and researchers in the automotive industry.  2007 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.	Book	b	bk	Book	United States	91	Engineering (all)	None
Petri net approach of collision prevention supervisor design in port transport system	2007	Promet - Traffic - Traffico	Modern port terminals are equipped with various local transport systems, which have the main task to transport cargo between local storehouses and transport resources (ships, trains, trucks) in the fastest and most efficient way, and at the lowest possible cost. These local transport systems consist of fully automated transport units (AGV- automatic guided vehicle) which are controlled by the computer system. The port computer system controls the fully automated transport units in the way to avoid possible deadlocks and collisions between them. However, beside the fully automated local transport units, there are human operated transport units (fork-lift trucks, cranes etc.) which cross thepath of the AGV from time to time. The collision of human operated transport unit and AGV is possible due to human inattention. To solve this problem, it is necessary to design a supervisory control system that coordinates and controls both human driven transport unit and AGV. In other words, the human-machine interactions need to be supervised. The supervising system can be realized in the way that the port terminal is divided into zones. Vehicle movements are supervised by a video system which detects the moving of particular vehicles as a discrete event. Based on detected events, dangerous moving of certain vehicles is blocked by the supervising system. The paper considers the design of collision prevention supervisor by using discrete event dynamic theory. The port terminal is modeled by using ordinary Petri nets. The design of collision prevention supervisor is carried out by using the P-invariant method. The verification of the supervisor is done by computer simulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Croatia	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Ocean Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous)	AGV,Collision prevention supervisor,Human-machine interaction,Petri nets
Controlling swarms of mobile robots for switching between formations using synchronization concept	2007	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper presents a synchronous control approach to swarms of mobile robots in switching between formations. According to the desired formation, a synchronization control goal is derived, based on which the position synchronization error is defined as differential position errors between very pair of two neighboring robots. A decentralized trajectory tracking controller is then developed with feedback of both position and synchronization errors, formed with a combination of feedforward and feedback controls. It is proven that this tracking controller can asymptotically converge both position and synchronization errors to zero. Simulations are performed on a group of twenty fully-actuated mobile robots in a switching task between different ellipse curves. The simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed synchronous control design for the formation control.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	26	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Formation,Mobile robots,Synchronization
Layered mode selection logic control with fuzzy sensor fusion network	2007	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Robots developed from the 60's to the present have been restricted to highly structured environments such as work cells or automated guided vehicles, primarily to avoid harmful interactions with humans. Next generation robots must function in unstructured environments. Such robots must be fault tolerant to sensor and manipulator failures, scalable in number of agents, and adaptable to different robotic base platforms. The Central Arkansas Robotics Consortium has developed a robot controller architecture, called Layered Mode Selection Logic (LMSL), which addresses all of these concerns. The LMSL architecture is an implementation of a behavior based controller fused with a planner. The architecture creates an abstraction layer for the robot sensors through a Fuzzy Sensor Fusion Network (FSFN), and it creates an abstraction layer for the robot manipulators through a reactive layer. The LMSL architecture has been implemented and tested on UALR's J5 robotics research platform. A FSFN combines acceleration and force signals for collision detection. The output of the FSFN switches among low level behaviors to accomplish obstacle avoidance and obstacle manipulation. Comparable results are achieved with all sensors functioning, with only the acceleration sensor (force sensor faulted), and with only the force sensor (acceleration sensor faulted).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fault tolerance,Fuzzy logic,Mode selection logic,Sensor fusion
Developing exact and Tabu search algorithms for simultaneously determining AGV loop and P/D stations in single loop systems	2007	International Journal of Production Research	There are some issues which have to be addressed when designing an automated guided vehicles system (AGVS) such as flow-path layout, traffic management, the number and the location of pick up and delivery points, vehicle routing and so on. One of the AGVS guide path configurations discussed in the previous researches includes a single-loop which is the subject of this paper. In unidirectional single loop systems, determining the loop for the motion of an AGV, and the location of pick up and delivery (P/D) stations in the cells, are prominent points which, when considered simultaneously, lead to better results than determining each one independently. However, in the literature it is proved that the problem of separately determining the shortest feasible loop is a NP-complete problem. In this paper, by considering a from-to chart and a block layout as the input of problem, we try to determine: (1) a single loop, with at least one shared edge with each cell, (2) the direction of the flow and (3) the location of P/D stations on the loop, all at the same time, in a way that the total travel distance on the loop be minimised. In this regard, first a new exact algorithm is presented and then three heuristic algorithms are developed utilising a Tabu search (TS) method. Solving randomly generated test problems shows that our exact algorithm is capable of solving small size problems; also all three TS algorithms work efficiently in solving problems that could not be solved by exact algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	13	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV routing,P/D station,Single loop,Tabu search
The Waiting Time Distribution	2007	Computers and Industrial Engineering	Many problems in industrial engineering entail consideration of the waiting time, see [1-30]. In this note, some exact expressions are derived for the probability density function of the waiting time. A computer program and tabulations of the associated percentage points are also provided.  2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	6	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Gamma distribution,Industrial engineering,Pareto distribution,Waiting time
Automatic pipe-routing particle swarm optimization algorithm in electromechamical products	2007	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Chinese Journal of Mechanical Engineering	Based on particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm, a new automatic pipe-routing algorithm is proposed for electromechanical products in 3D space. The algorithm consists of pre-processing phase and searching optimization phase. The pre-processing phase is aimed at making implement the searching optimization phase easily by reducing the searching range efficiently. By the chaos technique, chaos grid pre-processing model (CGPM) is constructed in the pre-processing phase. The main objective of the searching optimization phase is to find an approximate optimal trajectory in the available solution space. In the searching optimization phase, a modified PSO algorithm is designed to search for an optimal pipe trajectory by analyzing PSO algorithm and migration characters of people. Modified PSO gives evolution strategies for overcoming premature convergence of PSO. By CGPM and modified PSO, the automatic pipe-routing algorithm flow chart is put forward. By contrastive experiment and theory analysis, it shows that modified POS algorithm effectively increases diversity of particles and has well performance. The convergence of the modified PSO algorithm is given. The example illustrates effectiveness and practicability of the automatic pipe-routing algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Automatic pipe-routing algorithm,Chaos grid pre-processing model,Modified particle swarm optimization
Hierarchical average reward reinforcement learning	2007	Journal of Machine Learning Research	Hierarchical reinforcement learning (HRL) is a general framework for scaling reinforcement learning (RL) to problems with large state and action spaces by using the task (or action) structure to restrict the space of policies. Prior work in HRL including HAMs, options, MAXQ, and PHAMs has been limited to the discrete-time discounted reward semi-Markov decision process (SMDP) model. The average reward optimality criterion has been recognized to be more appropriate for a wide class of continuing tasks than the discounted framework. Although average reward RL has been studied for decades, prior work has been largely limited to flat policy representations. In this paper, we develop a framework for HRL based on the average reward optimality criterion. We investigate two formulations of HRL based on the average reward SMDP model, both for discrete-time and continuous-time. These formulations correspond to two notions of optimality that have been previously explored in HRL: hierarchical optimality and recursive optimality. We present algorithms that learn to find hierarchically and recursively optimal average reward policies under discrete-time and continuous-time average reward SMDP models. We use two automated guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling tasks as experimental testbeds to study the empirical performance of the proposed algorithms. The first problem is a relatively simple AGV scheduling task, in which the hierarchically and recursively optimal policies are different. We compare the proposed algorithms with three other HRL methods, including a hierarchically optimal discounted reward algorithm and a recursively optimal discounted reward algorithm on this problem. The second problem is a larger AGV scheduling task. We model this problem using both discrete-time and continuous-time models. We use a hierarchical task decomposition in which the hierarchically and recursively optimal policies are the same for this problem. We compare the performance of the proposed algorithms with a hierarchically optimal discounted reward algorithm and a recursively optimal discounted reward algorithm, as well as a non-hierarchical average reward algorithm. The results show that the proposed hierarchical average reward algorithms converge to the same performance as their discounted reward counterparts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	23	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Statistics and Probability,Artificial Intelligence	Average reward reinforcement learning,Hierarchical and recursive optimality,Hierarchical reinforcement learning,Semi-Markov decision processes
The integrated room layout for a semiconductor facility plan	2007	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	Layout study is important because layout largely determines the initial investment and production efficiency of a plant as compared with other downstream activities. Especially for semiconductor production, the continued miniaturization of chips requires increased investment and operating cost. While approximately one billion U.S. dollars was necessary for a new semiconductor fab in 1995, manufacturers today need to invest two to three times that for the same type of facility. This research presents a new integrated room layout for a semiconductor fab. Machine tools are laid out in four large rooms. The tools in each room are connected by one overhead hoist transporter/overhead shuttle loop. This layout increases direct inter bay transportation, product mix change flexibility, and routing flexibility and reduces transportation time and initial investment cost. The performance of this new layout is compared with the integrated bay layout that is favorably considered and being used in the literature and industry. This comparison uses data provided by International SEMATECH.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
An algorithm of job shop rolling scheduling based on singular rough sets	2007	Proceedings - SNPD 2007: Eighth ACIS International Conference on Software Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Networking, and Parallel/Distributed Computing	A new kind of rolling scheduling algorithm based on singular rough sets is put forward in the article. Under dynamic processing environment, a job identification problem in a rolling horizon optimal scheduling window is investigated. Using a new artificial intelligence method, singular rough sets, this article presents a new job identification algorithm of job shop rolling scheduling. It bases on the dynamic transfer characteristic and the assistant set of singular rough sets. In case of the machine failure, the due date of the jobs changed and the urgent job, the re-selection and re-scheduling of the jobs in the rolling window are executed once more. Solved by genetic algorithm, the illustration example verifies the effectively of the algorithm, not only the dynamic processing environment is adapted and a satisfied rescheduling result is obtained, but also the re-scheduling dimension is decreased.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Software,Hardware and Architecture	Job shop scheduling,Rolling scheduling,Rough sets,Scheduling algorithm,Singular rough sets
Expected response times for closed-loop multivehicle AMHS	2007	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	We present an analytical approach for estimating the expected time for an automated material handling system (AMHS) to respond to move requests at loading stations in a vehicle-based, unidirectional, closed-loop AMHS. The expected response times are important for estimating the expected work-in-process (WIF) levels at the loading stations for design purposes, and for evaluating the performance of the AMHS as delayed response can impact the production cycle times. The expected response time approximation is validated by comparing the analytical model to the simulation results using a SEMATECH 300 mm hypothetical fab data set.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Markov chains,Material handling systems,Semiconductor fabs
Dynamics analysis of the wheeled mobile manipulator	2007	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	Aimed at a mobile robot composed of a two-wheel differentially driven AGV (automatic guided vehicle) and a manipulator with 6 degrees of freedom (DOFs), the dynamics models of the manipulator and the AGV were established respectively by using Newton-Euler method. Then two models were combined to analyze the interplay of the AGV's movement and the manipulator joint movement in moving manipulation. An example was given to explain the interplay result of two parts in detail, in the process of moving manipulation, manipulator joint force and moment were impacted by the base movement of AGV, at the same time, the manipulator joint movement brought the load varying of AGV which might change the moving state of AGV. Some important rules about this kind of robot relative to a single AGV and a single manipulator in designing and controlling were put forward. The dynamics models provided a foundation for designing and controlling this kind of mobile manipulator.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Dynamics,Mobile manipulator,Moving-manipulation
Multispectral omnidirectional vision sensor: Design, calibration, and utilization	2007	Optical Engineering	The 3-D reconstruction of an environment with high accuracy and real textures represents an important challenge for applications related to multimedia and cinematography. The complete development, from electronic design to algorithmic restitution of the environment, of a multispectral omnidirectional stereoscopic sensor that tackles this problem is presented. Although panoramic sensors exist, the vision system presented here has four channels of acquisition coupled to a projector of structured light emitting in the infrared. This original process separates the acquisition of color images from 3-D reconstruction. The panoramic color images are corrected using the International Color Consortium profile applied to images coming from the two cameras. The reconstruction of the environment uses only the information available in the infrared channel. An active calibration technique is also presented. Experimental results demonstrate the feasibility of this new class of multispectral omnidirectional sensors.  2007 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	4	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Engineering (all)	3-D reconstruction,Active calibration,Multispectral acquisition,Omnidirectional vision sensor,Panoramic vision sensor
Applications of Petri nets in production scheduling: A review	2007	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	The production scheduling problem allocates limited resources to tasks over time and determines the sequence of operations so that the constraints of the system are met and the performance criteria are optimized. One approach to this problem is the use of Petri nets in conjunction with other methods. In this paper, we give a comprehensive overview for production scheduling research that combines PNs with other methods, discuss both theoretical developments and practical experiences, and identify research trends. More than 20 major production and operations management journals published in years 1989-2005 has been reviewed. Existing approaches are classified into four groups, and additionally a historical progression in this field was emphasized. Finally, recommendations for future research are suggested in this paper.  2006 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	70	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Petri nets,Production,Review,Scheduling
Distributed simultaneous task allocation and motion coordination of autonomous vehicles using a parallel computing cluster	2007	Lecture Notes in Control and Information Sciences	Task allocation and motion coordination are the main factors that should be consi-dered in the coordination of multiple autonomous vehicles in material handling systems. Presently, these factors are handled in different stages, leading to a reduction in optimality and efficiency of the overall coordination. However, if these issues are solved simultaneously we can gain near optimal results. But, the simultaneous approach contains additional algorithmic complexities which increase computation time in the simulation environment. This work aims to reduce the computation time by adopting a parallel and distributed computation strategy for Simultaneous Task Allocation and Motion Coordination (STAMC). In the simulation experiments, each cluster node executes the motion coordination algorithm for each autonomous vehicle. This arrangement enables parallel computation of the expensive STAMC algorithm. Parallel and distributed computation is performed directly within the interpretive MATLAB environment. Results show the parallel and distributed approach provides sub-linear speedup compared to a single centralised computing node.  2007 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	2	Library and Information Sciences	None
Design for a tandem AGV system with two-load AGVs	2007	Computers and Industrial Engineering	The tandem AGV system is obtained by partitioning all workstations into multiple zones. Then, a single vehicle is assigned to each zone. In this paper, we present an analytical model to design a tandem AGV system with two-load AGVs. The analytical model is obtained by performing a design procedure which consists of two steps, 'selection of feasible zones' and 'selection of final guide path.' A numerical example is presented to show the design procedure.  2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	18	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Guide path design,Tandem AGV system,Two-load AGVs
Field and service applications - An infrastructure-free automated guided vehicle based on computer vision - An effort to make an industrial robot vehicle that can operate without supporting infrastructure	2007	IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine	A five-year program attempts to address dependence on guidance infrastructure and blindness of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) by applying computer vision. Four distinct vision systems were used. These were the downward vision system, the laser detection and ranging-based (LADAR) guidance, fork hole finding vision and the stacking vision. The goal is to automate all operations moving material from trailer to production line and back in automotive stamping and assembly plants. These kinds of operations include picking up and setting down loads at sites including semi-trailers, tug AGVs that cooperate with forked AGVs, automated storage and retrieval systems, and staging areas near the production line. Two common material handling vehicles were initially retrofitted for autonomy, one is a Hyster model R30FT tugger vehicle also known as tractor and a 5,000kg Hyster model 50 counterweight fork lift. The system software architecture has two distinct components: a facility segment and a vehicle segment. The facility segment runs on a computer that controls the activities of all AGVs by communicating with them regularly over wireless Ethernet. Each vehicle runs the algorithms in the vehicle segment. Image mosaicking techniques are used to generate the appearance of the floor. The composite image served as navigation map in a visual tracker. While the mosaic-based guidance system can be used in trailers, it requires that a large fraction of the trailer floor be mapped. This was solved using the LADAR. The device tracks the position of the fork truck inside the trailer by matching the endpoints of the LADAR pixels to a rectangular model of the trailer geometry. The floor mosaic guidance system has achieved sufficient maturity in an auto assembly plant. The system demonstrated reliable operation and navigated solely and reliably on odometry.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	43	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Computer vision,Factory automation,Material handling,Motion control
Putting AGVs to the test	2007	Cargo Systems	TTS Port Equipment has been awarded with a contract by a major global terminal operator to work with the third part simulation company and compare four types of horizontal transport systems that include Cassette-Automated Guided vehicle (C-AGV), conventional AGVs, Shuttle carrier (Shc) and automated shuttle carriers (AShc). A number of transfer points (TP) and highways are configured in the traffic setting in the simulation with the assistance of the terminal experts. Some of the traffic rules that are implemented include four waterside RMG TPs for the AGV model and five waterside RMG TPs for the C-AGV models. Two quay cranes (QC) configurations use four TPs for each QC, and this is done to maintain the balance between all QC in the simulation. The focus of the program is modeling the operation that involves the QCs and the AGVs that transfer containers or containers on cassettes between the quay and stacks.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	Sweden	0	Transportation	None
An IMM algorithm with federated information mode-matched filters for AGV	2007	International Journal of Adaptive Control and Signal Processing	In this paper, a tracking algorithm for autonomous navigation of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is presented. The developed navigation algorithm is an interacting multiple-model (IMM) algorithm used to detect other AGVs using fused information from multiple sensors. In order to detect other AGVs, two kinematic models were derived: A constant-velocity model for linear motion, and a constant-speed turn model for curvilinear motion. In the constant-speed turn model, a nonlinear information filter (IF) is used in place of the extended Kalman filter (KF). Being equivalent to the KF algebraically, the IF is extended to N-sensor distributed dynamic systems. The model-matched filter used in multi-sensor environments takes the form of a federated nonlinear IF. In multi-sensor environments, the information-based filter is easier to decentralize, initialize, and fuse than a KF-based filter. In this paper, the structural features and information-sharing principle of the federated IF are discussed. The performance of the suggested algorithm using a Monte Carlo simulation is evaluated under the three navigation patterns. Copyright  2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Extended Kalman filter,Federated filter,Information filter,Interacting multiple model,Sensor fusion
A fuzzy gait planner of a three-limbed robot	2007	Harbin Gongye Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Harbin Institute of Technology	A three-limbed robot was described and its gait planner based on fuzzy rules was discussed. After introduction of the robot mechanical structure, basis gaits were particularly presented which were used to implement some kinds of function of the robot. Then evolvement gaits were proposed which were used to walk on two inclined planes by applying fuzzy rules. Robot control system was developed which implemented the conversion between the basis gaits and evolvement gaits. Simulation results prove the validity of the proposed fuzzy gait planner in theory.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Functional bionics,Fuzzy rules,Gait planning,Three-limbed robot
The undirected m-peripatetic salesman problem: Polyhedral results and new algorithms	2007	Operations Research	In the m-peripatetic salesman problem (m-PSP), the aim is to determine m edge disjoint Hamiltonian cycles of minimum total cost on a graph. This article introduces new valid inequalities and polyhedral results for the m-PSP. An improved 2-index branch-and-cut algorithm is developed. Tests performed on randomly generated and TSPLIB Euclidean instances indicate that this algorithm can solve instances with more than double the size of what was previously achievable.  2007 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	10	Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Mathematics: combinatorics,Networks/graphs: traveling salesman,Programming: integer
Workflow-based dynamic scheduling of job shop operations	2007	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	In a job shop such as a mould-making shop, dispatching decisions as to which job should be loaded on a machine when it becomes free are termed dynamic scheduling. A practical approach to dynamic job-shop scheduling is the use of discrete event simulation, and their dedicated simulation-based dynamic scheduling systems, often known as manufacturing execution systems or advanced planning systems, are available. In the present paper, we propose a workflow-based dynamic scheduling framework, in which a workflow management system (WfMS) serves as a dynamic job-shop scheduler. For this purpose, we have developed an algorithm for embedding a discrete-event simulation mechanism into a WfMS, and have implemented a prototype job-shop scheduler. Illustrative performance evaluation shows that the proposed framework is logically valid and computationally efficient.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	16	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	BPMS,Dynamic scheduling,Enactment service,Job shop scheduling,WfMS,Workflow simulation
Collision avoidance strategies and coordinated control of passenger vehicles	2007	Nonlinear Dynamics	Recent research has demonstrated the efficaciousness of the coordinated control of platoons of vehicles in order to homogenize the traffic flows and improve the exploitation of the capacity of road networks. Yet, taking into account the necessity of reducing, in the next years, the number of accidents involving pedestrians or other vulnerable road users (VRUs), like cyclists and motorcyclists, it seems useful to provide the control systems of the vehicles of the platoon with some collision detection and avoidance capability. This issue is investigated in this paper. The control system presented in this paper allows to maintain cruise conditions, and, as a novelty with respect to consolidated proposals, to avoid the collision with possible VRUs present on the road. The proposed control system is realized by means of vehicle supervisors, which, on the basis of the data acquired by the sensors, make the decision on which is the appropriate current control mode for each controlled vehicle, and manage the switches among low-level controllers. These are designed relying on a simple bicycle model, and according to a sliding mode control methodology. This choice is motivated by the robustness features of the sliding mode design, which appears particularly appropriate dealing with the automotive context.  2006 Springer Science &#x002B; Business Media B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	32	Control and Systems Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Ocean Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Antonella Ferrara,Automated guided vehicles,Collision avoidance,Cruise control,Sliding mode control,Vehicle dynamics
Analysis of flexible assembly processes based on structural decomposition of petri nets	2007	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	We propose a controlled assembly Petri net with alternative route (CAPN-AR) model for a class of flexible assembly processes with alternative routes and unreliable resources. Alternative routes significantly enhance the reliability through the routing flexibility of the system. It is not required for a CAPN-AR to be live to maintain production. For this reason, we propose the concept of persistent production for the CAPN-AR. However, alternative routes also add complexity to the analysis of the systems. As the PNs grow rapidly with the scale of the problem, an existing reachability-tree method is feasible only for small nets. We propose an analysis method that can scale with the problems based on structural decomposition of the CAPN-AR. We study the conditions for persistent production, propose a deadlock avoidance algorithm with polynomial complexity for CAPN-AR, and access its robustness property with respect to resource failures.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	30	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Faulr tolerant,Flexible assembly system,Petri nets (PNs)
Camera position estimation method based on matching of Top-View images for running vehicle	2007	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	In this paper, a method which estimates the trajectory of the vehicle from a single vehicle camera is proposed. The proposed method is a model based method which assumes that the vehicle is running on a planar road. The input image is converted to a Top- View image and a matching (registration) between the next Top- View image is done. The registration is done based on an assumed velocity parameter, and repeated with entire candidate parameters. In this paper, a simple model and the particle filter is introduced to decrease the computation cost. Simple model gives a constraint to the registration of the Top-View images, and the particle filter decreases the number of the candidate parameters. Position of the camera is obtained by accumulating the velocity parameters. Experiments shows 3 results. Enough decreasement of the computation cost, suitable estimated trajectory and small enough computation cost to estimate the trajectory of the vehicle. 2007SPIE-IS&T.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Homography,ITS,Vehicle camera,Vehicle position estimation
Decomposition of timed Petri Nets for solving scheduling problems with multiple entities	2007	Proceedings - Eighth International Symposium on Autonomous Decentralized Systems, ISADS 2007	In this paper, we propose a general decomposition and coordination method for timed Petri Nets to determine an optimal transition firing sequence to minimize an objective function. A timed Petri Net model for multiple entities is decomposed into several subnets in which the optimal firing sequence for each subnet is easily solved in polynomial computational complexity. The solution of each subproblem is coordinated by repetitive optimization of the number of tokens for duplicated places. The proposed method is applied to a flowshop scheduling problem. The effectiveness of the proposed method is confirmed by comparing the performance between the simulated annealing method.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Software	None
Deadlock modeling and control of semiconductor track systems using resource-oriented Petri nets	2007	International Journal of Production Research	This paper addresses the deadlock avoidance problem in track systems in semiconductor fabrication. For the system without buffer space in it, the existing deadlock avoidance policies tend to be too conservative. Routing flexibility provides a chance to develop better ones, but makes their computation more complex. This paper models a track system using coloured resource-oriented Petri net (CROPN). Based on the model, a sufficient condition for deadlock-free operation and the corresponding control law are presented. This proposed policy is shown computationally efficient and less conservative than existing methods. An example is presented to demonstrate its application.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	42	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Control,Deadlock avoidance,Petri nets,System modeling,Track systems
Heavy traffic analysis of a single vehicle loop in an automated storage and retrieval system	2007	OR Spectrum	We consider an automated storage/retrieval system in which cargo moves between the storage/retrieval machines and the system entrance/exit stations through a single automated vehicle loop. Past studies indicated that the cargo waiting time in the loop is affected by the dispatching rules, which govern the sequence of the cargo to be handled. In this paper, we show that the loop configuration, which has received little research attention, also has a big impact on the cargo waiting time. When the first-come-first-served dispatching rule is used, we derive the relationship between the number of stations and the ratio of the average cargo retrieval time to the average cargo storage time. When the first-encountered-first-served dispatching rule is used, we show that even the arrangement of the input channel and the output channel of a station can have significant impact on the cargo waiting time. Furthermore, we derive a formula for the vehicle visit rate for each station under heavy traffic conditions. This formula helps to explain the phenomenon that the waiting times at different stations can be very different even when the loop is symmetrically designed and the cargo arrival rates to the stations are similar. In addition to analytical models, we use simulations to evaluate the performance of different loop configurations. Our research suggests that a substantial improvement can be achieved by making proper adjustments to the loop configuration.  Springer-Verlag 2007.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	4	Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicle,Automated storage/retrieval system,Single vehicle loop
Tabu search algorithm for flexible flow path design of unidirectional automated-guided vehicle systems	2007	OR Spectrum	The unidirectional flow path design problem is one of the most important but difficult problems for the efficient design of automated-guided vehicle systems. As the problem was first formulated by Gaskins and Tanchoco, many researchers have studied the problem. However, the existing solution methods fail to provide an efficient solution approach. In this paper, a mathematical model for the unidirectional flow path design problem is developed. To obtain a near-to-optimal solution in reasonable computation time, a tabu search algorithm is presented. A fast construction algorithm first obtains a feasible initial solution, and a long-term memory structure and a neighbor solution generation approach are adapted to the problem characteristics and embedded in the proposed tabu search algorithm. Computational experiments show that the developed tabu search algorithm outperforms the Ko and Egbelu's algorithm, Int J Prod Res, 41:2325-2343, (2003).  Springer-Verlag 2007.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	13	Management Science and Operations Research	AGV system,Tabu search,Unidirectional flow path
Hybrid design methodology and cost-effectiveness evaluation of AGV transportation systems	2007	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	In this paper, we analyze and compare the performance of the vertical and the horizontal automated-guided-vehicle transportation systems. We use results in queuing network theory and a transportation simulator to design a hybrid strategy for this study, and to set the appropriate number of agents in the systems. Next, these two transportation systems are evaluated based on cost-effectiveness criteria. For this purpose, the total construction costs of the systems for the various transportation demands are compared. Finally, we provide analytical results to evaluate and to obtain the most efficient system, based on the validity of each system, under different demand scenario.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cost-effectiveness evaluation,Hybrid and optimal design methodology,Queuing network theory,Vertical and horizontal automated-guided-vehicle (AGV) transportation systems
Deadlock resolution in automated manufacturing systems with robots	2007	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	An automated manufacturing system (AMS) contains a number of versatile machines (or workstations), buffers, and an automated material handling system (MHS). The MHS can be an automated guide vehicle (AGV) system, and/or a system that consists of multiple robots. Deadlock resolution in AMS is an important issue. For the AMS with an AGV system as MHS, the problems of deadlock resolution for part processing process and AGV system as an integrated system has been studied. It is shown that AGVs can serve as both material handling devices and central buffers at the same time to help resolve deadlocks. For AMS with robots as MHS, the existing work treated the robots just as material handling devices and showed that the robots had contribution to deadlock. In this paper, such AMS is modeled by resource-oriented Petri nets. Contrary to the existing work, it is shown that the robots have no contribution to deadlock by adopting such nets to control AMS. More interestingly, they can be used to resolve deadlock by serving as temporary part storage devices. A new deadlock control policy is proposed by treating robots as both material handling devices and buffers. The new policy outperforms the existing ones.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	79	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMS),Deadlock avoidance,Modeling and control,Petri net
A study on the weighted composite dispatching rule in modular production systems	2007	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Scheduling semi-conductor manufacturing process systems is a complicated and difficult job, due to such characteristics as re-entry into manufacturing processes, high uncertainty of processes, and products and technologies changing rapidly. The researchers have carried out many studies to find efficient techniques for semi-conductor manufacturing systems with a view to accomplishing the goals of systems, such as saving cycling time and increasing production quantity per unit time. The production flow in the semi-conductor industry has the most unique characteristics, which makes it difficult to plan production and to schedule semi-conductor manufacturing. Currently, the scheduling methods in semi-conductor assembly processes follow the dispatching rule on a simple first come first serve (FCFS) basis, and a backlog is operated as a buffer based on the daily production quantity. In this study, therefore, we will apply various dispatching rules on a real-time basis and verify the effect and result of exact scheduling through simulation, based on the assumption that competitive advantages in production come from efficient inventory control and exact scheduling.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2007.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Semiconductor modular process,Weighted composite dispatching rule
Neurofuzzy-based approach to mobile robot navigation in unknown environments	2007	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics Part C: Applications and Reviews	In this paper, a neurofuzzy-based approach is proposed, which coordinates the sensor information and robot motion together. A fuzzy logic system is designed with two basic behaviors, target seeking and obstacle avoidance. A learning algorithm based on neural network techniques is developed to tune the parameters of membership functions, which smooths the trajectory generated by the fuzzy logic system. Another learning algorithm is developed to suppress redundant rules in the designed rule base. A state memory strategy is proposed for resolving the "dead cycle" problem. Under the control of the proposed model, a mobile robot can adequately sense the environment around, autonomously avoid static and moving obstacles, and generate reasonable trajectories toward the target in various situations without suffering from the "dead cycle" problems. The effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach are demonstrated by simulation studies.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	115	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	"Dead cycle" problem,Mobile robot navigation,Neurofuzzy,Parameter tuning,Redundant rule suppression
Modeling and conflict detection of crude oil operations for refinery process based on controlled colored timed Petri net	2007	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics Part C: Applications and Reviews	Recently, there has been a great interest in the modeling and analysis of process industry, and various models are proposed for different uses. It is meaningful to have a model to serve as an analytical aid tool in short-term scheduling for oil refinery process. However, in oil refinery process, there are special constraints and requirements, and the existing models cannot be applied directly. Thus, as an application in this paper, we extend the hybrid Petri net to model the crude-oil operations in oil refinery process. This Petri net is called controlled colored timed Petri net (CCTPN). In this model, a token carries both discrete and continuous properties. A token in a discrete place shows its discrete properties, while the continuous properties are captured when it is in a continuous place. A discrete transition treats a token just as a discrete one, and a continuous transition deals with it as a continuous one. In this way, we integrate the discrete and continuous processes together in the CCTPN. Based on the CCTPN, liveness for CCTPN is defined, and with the liveness definition we show how to detect conflicts in scheduling the system by using this model.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	49	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Hybrid systems,Petri net,Refinery process,System modeling
Modeling of photolithography process in semiconductor wafer fabrication systems using extended hybrid Petri nets	2007	Journal of Central South University of Technology (English Edition)	To describe a semiconductor wafer fabrication flow availably, a new modeling method of extended hybrid Petri nets (EHPNs) was proposed. To model the discrete part and continuous part of a complex photolithography process, hybrid Petri nets (HPNs) were introduced. To cope with the complexity of a photolithography process, object-oriented methods such as encapsulation and classifications were integrated with HPN models. EHPN definitions were presented on the basis of HPN models and object-oriented methods. Object-oriented hybrid Petri subnet models were developed for each typical physical object and an EHPN modeling procedure steps were structured. To demonstrate the feasibility and validity of the proposed modeling method, a real wafer photolithography case was used to illustrate the modeling procedure. The modeling results indicate that the EHPNs can deal with the dynamic modeling of a complex photolithography process effectively.  Published by: Central South University Press, Sole distributor outside Mainland China: Springer 2007.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Hybrid Petri net,Object-oriented method,Photolithography process,Semiconductor wafer fabrication
Elucidating vehicle lateral dynamics using a bifurcation analysis	2007	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	Issues of stability and bifurcation phenomena in vehicle lateral dynamics are presented. Based on the assumption of constant driving speed, a second-order nonlinear lateral dynamics model is obtained. Local stability and existence conditions for saddle-node bifurcation appearing in vehicle dynamics with respect to the variations in front wheel steering angle are then derived via system linearization and local bifurcation analysis. Bifurcation phenomena occurring in vehicle lateral dynamics might result in spin and/or system instability. A perturbation method is employed to solve for an approximation of system equilibrium near the zero value of the front wheel steering angle, which reveals the relationship between sideslip angle and the applied front wheel angle. Numerical simulations from an example model demonstrate the theoretical results.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	34	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Bifurcation analysis,Perturbation method,Vehicle's lateral dynamics
FMS scheduling based on timed Petri Net model and reactive graph search	2007	Applied Mathematical Modelling	This paper presents a new scheduling method for manufacturing system based on the Timed Petri Net model and a reactive fast graph search algorithm. The following two typical problems are addressed in this paper. (1) Minimization of the maximum completion time. (2) Minimization of the total tardiness. As for the problem (1), a new search algorithm which combines the RTA* and a rule-based supervisor is proposed. As for problem (2), the original Petri Net model is converted to its reverse model and the algorithm developed for the problem (1) is applied, regarding the due date as the starting time in the reverse model. Some numerical experiments are carried out to demonstrate usefulness of our algorithm.  2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	42	Modeling and Simulation,Applied Mathematics	Due date problem,Model based scheduling,RTA*,Supervisor,Timed Petri Net
Simultaneous planning and scheduling for multi-autonomous vehicles	2007	Studies in Computational Intelligence	With the increasing applications of autonomous vehicles in dynamic and strictly constrained environments such as automated container terminals, efficient task/resource allocation and motion coordination (i.e., path and speed planning) of multi-autonomous vehicles has become the critical problem and have therefore been recently recognized as the key research issues by both academics and industry. This chapter addresses a generic approach for integration of task allocation, path planning and collision avoidance, which has so far not attracted much attention in the academic literature. A Simultaneous Task Allocation and Motion Coordination (STAMC) approach is presented. Two metaheuristic algorithms, i.e. simulated annealing and ant colony, and an auction algorithm are investigated and applied. The proposed approach is able to solve the scheduling, planning and collision avoidance problems simultaneously; improve the usage of bottleneck areas; handle dynamic traffic conditions and avoid deadlock. Simulation results demonstrated the effectiveness and efficiency of this approach.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Australia	21	Artificial Intelligence	None
An iterative synthesis approach to Petri net-based deadlock prevention policy for flexible manufacturing systems	2007	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	This paper proposes an iterative synthesis approach to Petri net (PN)-based deadlock prevention policy for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). Given the PN model (PNM) of an FMS prone to deadlock, the goal is to synthesize a live controlled PNM. Its use for FMS control guarantees its deadlock-free operation and high performance in terms of resource utilization and system throughput. The proposed method is an iterative approach. At each iteration, a first-met bad marking is singled out from the reachability graph of a given PNM. The objective is to prevent this marking from being reached via a place invariant of the PN. A well-established invariant-based control method is used to derive a control place. This process is carried out until the net model becomes live. The proposed method is generally applicable, easy to use, effective, and straightforward although its off-line computation is of exponential complexity. Two FMS are used to show its effectiveness and applicability.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	213	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock,Deadlock prevention,Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS),Petri net (PN),Reachability analysis
Planning and scheduling by logic-based benders decomposition	2007	Operations Research	We combine mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) and constraint programming (CP) to solve an important class of planning and scheduling problems. Tasks are allocated to facilities using MILP and scheduled using CP, and the two are linked via logic-based Benders decomposition. Tasks assigned to a facility may run in parallel subject to resource constraints (cumulative scheduling). We solve problems in which the objective is to minimize cost, makespan, or total tardiness. We obtain significant computational speedups, of several orders of magnitude for the first two objectives, relative to the state of the art in both MILP and CP. We also obtain better solutions and bounds for problems than cannot be solved to optimality.  2007 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	129	Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Integer programming: Benders decomposition,Production/scheduling: planning
Lateral control of autonomous electric cars for relocation of public urban mobility fleet	2007	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	This brief deals with lateral dynamic control of electric vehicles in an urban environment, motivated by individual public transportation issues, aimed to contribute to reduce metropolitan areas pollution. The framework in which the control strategy is developed is the so-called "look-down reference,"in which the lateral displacement is obtained from a onboard sensor, interacting with a road infrastructure. In this framework, the designed control algorithm is made up of a combined feedback-feedforward structure. The feedback action is given by three nested closed loops with cascade compensators, where the outer one is nonlinear. The feedforward action is based on the knowledge of the road curvature, corrected by the measure of the car lateral displacement. Results from experimental tests performed on an actual circuit show the effectiveness of the considered control strategy.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous road vehicles,Lane keeping,Lateral control,Nested linear-nonlinear control,Urban areas environmental factors
An integrated model and a decomposition-based approach for concurrent layout and material handling system design	2007	Computers and Industrial Engineering	This paper presents an integer programming formulation that integrates decisions concerning the layout of the resource groups on the shop floor with the design of the material handling system. The model reflects critical practical concerns, including the capacity of the material flow network and of the handling transporters, as well as the tradeoff between fixed (construction and acquisition) and variable (operational) costs. For realistic industrial cases, the size of the problem prevents the solution using explicit or implicit enumeration methods. Instead, the global model is decomposed into standard optimization problems: quadratic assignment, fixed charge capacitated network design, and non-depot distance-constrained vehicle routing. An integrated solution method, guided by a simulated annealing scheme, solves the global shop design problem. The algorithm takes advantage of the proposed decomposition and converges to a final design which is feasible with respect to all problem constraints. The method is applied to redesign the facility of a large manufacturer of radar antennas. The resulting shop configuration exhibits substantially decreased material handling effort, and requires significantly smaller investment costs compared to the existing facility.  2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	27	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Decomposition,Facility layout,Manufacturing systems,Material handling systems,Simulated annealing,Vehicle routing
Improved formulation, branch-and-cut and tabu search heuristic for single loop material flow system design	2007	European Journal of Operational Research	The single loop material flow system design is a combinatorial optimization problem, arising in material handling system design, which amounts to designing an unidirectional loop flow pattern as well as to locate pickup and delivery stations. The objective is to minimize the time required to carry out all material flow movements between cells. In this paper, we develop valid inequalities for a previously proposed formulation. The valid inequalities are then embedded into a branch-and-cut framework which is shown to solve much larger instances to optimality than those reported in the literature. A tailored tabu search heuristic is also illustrated and computationally assessed.  2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	8	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Branch-and-cut,Loop layout design,Manufacturing,Tabu search,Valid inequalities
An immunity approach to strategic behavioral control	2007	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	An Artificial Immune System (AIS) paradigm, which is an engineering analog to the human immune system, is adopted to deliver the performance and robustness required by a multi-agent system. AIS offers a number of profound features and solutions, including the ability to detect changes, self-organization and decentralization, to the control of a fully distributed multi-agent system. By adopting the immunity mechanisms of AIS adapted to specify and implement the behavior of each agent, a behavioral control paradigm is developed. Effective coordination and mutual understanding between agents can be achieved by adopting such a strategic behavioral control based on their corresponding behavior. Each agent is abstracted as an independent entity that carries local information, searches for solution space and exhibits robust behavior to accomplish tasks. In this article, simulations are presented with an automated intelligent system. The significance of the behavioral control paradigm and the impact of the immunity-based behaviors on the overall performance of the transport system are examined. The simulation results illustrate the importance of behavioral control and the inter-relationship of each behavior in establishing a truly automated multi-agent system for the future.  2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AIS agent,Artificial immune system,Behavior,Cooperation,Immunity-based control
Towards a new mobility concept for cities: Architecture and programming of semi-autonomous electric vehicles	2007	Industrial Robot	Purpose - This paper aims to focus on cybernetic transportation systems (CTS) due to their effectiveness for solving mobility problems in cities. A new mobility concept is proposed which allows to attain the same flexibility of the private passenger car but with much less nuisances. It is based on small semi-autonomous electric vehicles, which may be used to complement mass public transportation, by providing passenger service for any location at any time. Design/methodology/approach - A set of automatic guided vehicles for public transportation are described. Two different control paradigms of the fleet are compared: centralized vs distributed control. Findings - The pros and cons of both control approaches are highlighted so as to support decisions about the configuration of a CTS for people transportation on public places. Originality/value - The paper provides a new offer of transportation for people in short path cities downtown or public gardens, in order to move people based on sustainable and efficient public transportation systems.  Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automation,Control,Cybernetics,Passenger transport
Designing an efficient method for simultaneously determining the loop and the location of the P/D stations using genetic algorithm	2007	International Journal of Production Research	There are some issues which have to be addressed when designing an automated guided vehicles system (AGVS) such as flow-path layout, traffic management, the number and the location of pick-up and delivery points, vehicle routing and so on. One of the AGVS guide path configurations discussed in the previous researches includes a single-loop which is the subject of this paper. Many researchers have worked on the subject of finding the shortest single loop in a given block layout. This problem has been already proved to be NP-complete. Finding the location of pick-up/drop-off (P/D) stations on a given loop is what is typically done, but locating the loop and the P/D stations simultaneously is actually more realistic. In this paper, a genetic algorithm (GA) has been developed to determine these two simultaneously. The algorithm only reproduces the feasible solutions. The objective is to minimize the total traveled distance. A from-to chart and a block layout are the inputs and a unidirectional loop including its corresponding direction and along with the locations of the P/D stations on the loop are the outputs. To show the efficiency of the algorithm, the associated results for some sample problems have been compared with the results generated by LINGO for the equivalent mixed integer programming (MIP) problem. Computational results show the efficiency of the algorithm in solving relatively large size problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	9	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Genetic algorithm,P/D stations,Single loop
Simulation of automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems based on just-in-time (JIT) philosophy in a job-shop environment	2007	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems have been frequently used as material handling equipment in manufacturing systems since the last two decades. The use of AGV systems has taken attention of practitioners and researchers. Although there are numerous studies concerning with AGV systems in literature, a few of them deal with the adaptation of these systems into JIT systems. Moreover, the facility layouts considered in those studies have flow-shop environment. In this paper, a simulation model of a hypothetical system which has a job shop environment and which is based on JIT philosophy was developed. In addition, a dispatching algorithm for vehicles moving through stations was presented in order to improve transportation efficiency. In given layout, multiple vehicles can move and their bi-directional flow is allowed. After the model had been established, it was mentioned how to perform simulation output analysis. The factors which may be important for the system were determined by output analysis. An experiment plan was prepared by taking into account these factors. In this plan, two levels were selected for each factor and an experimental design was conducted. The effect of each factor on each performance measure and the interaction of these factors were examined.  2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	39	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	AGV systems,Bi-directional flow,Experimental Design,JIT,Simulation
A review of some issues and identification of some barriers in the implementation of FMS	2007	International Journal of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	Global competition, advancements in technology and ever changing customers' demand have made the manufacturing companies to realize the importance of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). These organizations are looking at FMS as a viable alternative to enhance their competitive edge. But, implementation of this universally accepted and challenging technology is not an easy task. A large number of articles have been reviewed and it is found that the existing literature lacks in providing a clear picture about the implementation of FMS. In this paper, work of various researchers has been studied and it is found that it is really a very difficult task for any organization to transform into FMS on the basis of existing research results. A wide gap exists between the proposed approaches/algorithms for the design of different components of FMS and the real-life complexities. Besides describing the gap in various issues related to FMS, some barriers, which inhibit the adaptation and implementation of FMS, have also been identified in this paper.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007.	Journal	j	re	Review	India	42	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptation,Barriers,Flexible manufacturing systems,Implementation,Transition
Improving quality of crane-lorry assignments with constraint programming	2007	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics Part C: Applications and Reviews	The ability to maximize service quality while minimizing cost is very important to service-oriented businesses, such as lorry leasing. Very often, the ability to consistently offer higher quality service is the main differentiating factor between a business and its competitors. For lorry leasing businesses, service quality and cost are directly related to how resources - vehicles, cranes, and drivers - are allocated to jobs. The ability to assign the right combination of resources is crucial to daily operations. This paper presents how we modeled this assignment problem as a constraint-satisfaction problem (CSP) and implemented using constraint programming (CP) with an algorithm that we call the crane-lorry optimizing engine (CLOE). CLOE was implemented for the largest crane-lorry company in Hong Kong. Furthermore, plans are generated within seconds compared to close to an hour if done manually. All necessary constraints and criteria are considered systematically. We have experimented with many different types of search heuristics and have analyzed their effects on plan quality. We have found that by considering both the experience of the crane-lorry-driver combination and maximizing on the order assignment, we were able to generate plans that were significantly better than those produced by human planners, and within a substantially shorter time. Although the use of constraint-based assignment techniques is still limited in the vehicle leasing industry, we hope our combination of automated assignment with Internet portal technology that streamlines business-to-business, business-to-consumer, and business-to-employee communications can excite interest in this area.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Constraint programming (CP),Resource allocation,Scheduling,Vehicle assignment
Agent-based interbay system control for a single-loop semiconductor manufacturing fab	2007	Production Planning and Control	This study investigates agent-based interbay control of a wafer fabrication facility with a single-loop track. Doing so will simultaneously resolve the production scheduling and vehicle dispatching problems for an interbay over-hoist-transportation system which is commonly employed in the semiconductor manufacturing industry. Two issues are focused on in this study: (i) To design appropriate agent-based control architecture for an interbay system and (ii) to develop a coordination mechanism for the autonomous agents in the interbay system, so that wafer manufacturing tasks can be accomplished efficiently. In this study, we construct a distributed interbay system architecture, in which wafer cassettes, vehicles, and manufacturing cells with stockers are modelled as independent and autonomous agents. This study develops an agent coordination mechanism that is based on a vehicle-initiated contract net protocol. Three types of bidding strategies are proposed and empirically examined via simulation. The performances of the proposed agent-based control mechanism, in terms of cassette sojourn time and throughput, are observed and our experiments have shown promising results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	17	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agent-based systems,Distributed control,Interbay systems,Semiconductor manufacturing
Toward autonomous collision avoidance by steering	2007	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	This paper presents a new automotive safety function called Emergency Lane Assist (ELA). ELA combines conventional lane guidance systems with a threat assessment module that tries to activate the lane guidance interventions according to the actual risk level of lane departure. The goal is to only prevent dangerous lane departure maneuvers. The ELA safety function is based on a statistical method that evaluates a list of safety concepts and tries to maximize the impact on accident statistics while minimizing development and hardware component costs. ELA runs in a demonstrator and successfully intervenes during lane changes that are likely to result in a collision and is also able to take control of the vehicle and return it to a safe position in the original lane. It has also been tested on 2000 km of roads in traffic without giving any false interventions.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	84	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Decision-making,Driver assistance,Radar signal processing,Road vehicle active safety,Road vehicle collision avoidance,Road vehicles
Real-time routing selection for automated guided vehicles in a flexible manufacturing system	2007	Journal of Manufacturing Technology Management	Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present the development of an architecture for real-time routing of automated guided vehicles (AGV) in a random flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Design/methodology/approach - AGV routing problem is modeled using an evolutionary algorithm-based intelligent path planning model, which handles vehicle assignments to material handling requests and makes routing decisions with the objective of maximizing the system throughput. The architecture is implemented on a 3-layer software environment in order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed model. Findings - The proposed architecture, along with the evolutionary algorithm-based routing model, is implemented in a simulated FMS environment using hypothetical production data. In order to benchmark the performance of the path planning algorithm, the same FMS model is run by traditional dispatching rules. The analysis shows that the proposed routing model outperforms the traditional dispatching rules for real-time routing of AGVs in many cases. Research limitations/implications - Future work includes expanding the scope of the current work by developing and implementing other routing models and benchmarking them against the proposed model on different performance measures. Originality/value - The implementation of evolutionary algorithms in real-time routing of AGVs is unique. In addition, due to its modularity, the proposed 3-layer architecture can allow effective and efficient integration of different real-time routing algorithms; therefore it can be used as a benchmarking platform.  Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	16	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automation,Flexible manufacturing systems,Simulation
Evaluating of an AGV system in a CIM unit: A simulation approach	2007	Information Technology Journal	AGV system implementation needs a large amount of investment. Therefore, many approaches have been engaged in order to optimize AGV systems. Among these approaches simulation as a methodology for systems analysis has a paramount significance in the industrial world. In this study an AGV system has been simulated in a specified CIM unit. For evaluating this AGV system, a profit index based on sailing price and operation, transportation, inspection and warehousing costs have been applied. In this study, Visual Slam software been used to simulate the AGV system. Two strategies have been undertaken to select the machining station in order to sending primary parts. These two strategies are characterized with NNQ(I) and NNCNT(I) functions. Also these strategies have been compared using mentioned index. Since all industries should be coordinated in the supply chain, knowing of production cycle time distribution is very beneficial. Therefore an investigation on the production cycle distribution function has been implemented and revealed the existence of a Gamma distribution.  2007 Asian Network for Scientific Information.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	AGV,Computerized simulation,Index,Visual slam software
Effectiveness of vehicle reassignment in a large-scale overhead hoist transport system	2007	International Journal of Production Research	This paper proposes an efficient vehicle reassignment dispatching rule and demonstrates the effectiveness of the rule using an overhead hoist transport (OHT) system for a semiconductor fabrication line. The OHT system has more than 150 OHT vehicles and its target vehicle utilization level is 70%. It allows direct delivery such that an inter-bay wafer movement can be accomplished by a single vehicle. Simulation analysis is used to compare the proposed rule with the shortest travel distance first (STDF) rule and existing reassignment-based rules. While STDF rule requires 170 vehicles for the target utilization level, the proposed vehicle reassignment rule requires only 161 vehicles. At the same time, the lead time and the variance of the lead time have been significantly reduced. The proposed rule also improves system performance compared to existing reassignment-based rules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	27	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Dispatching rule,Overhead hoist transport,Reassignment
Shortest routing of bidirectional automated guided vehicles avoiding deadlock and blocking	2007	IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics	It is a great challenge to effectively manage automated manufacturing systems in which automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are adopted to handle materials, because of such features as prior unknown AGV requests and changing AGV initial positions. This paper aims to find the shortest time routes, while both deadlock and blocking in AGV systems are avoided. It first finds the shortest routes based on a guide path layout, and then performs rerouting, whenever necessary, to avoid deadlock and blocking according to a deadlock avoidance policy, previously developed by the authors. The proposed approach can offer better solutions than existing methods. For some cases, it can find a solution, while the existing ones cannot.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	81	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems,Deadlock avoidance,Petri nets,Routing
Analytical approach to estimating AMHS performance in 300mm fabs	2007	International Journal of Production Research	Contemporary simulation technology can produce accurate assessments of integrated circuit factory (fab) production performance, including the contribution by the automated material handling systems (AMHS). However, the corresponding simulation models are both expensive and time-consuming to construct, and require long execution times to produce statistically valid estimates. These attributes render simulation ineffective as a decision support tool in the early phase of system design, where requirements and configurations are likely to change often. In this paper, we describe an analytical approach to AMHS performance modelling for a simple closed loop AMHS, such as is typical in supporting a 300mm wafer fab bay. In this system, due to the significant impact of vehicle blocking, a straightforward queueing network model which treats the material handling system as a central server can be very inaccurate. We propose an alternative model that estimates the MHS performance considering the possibility of vehicle-blocking. While the resulting large-scale model presents some computational challenges, it promises reasonably accurate estimates with computation times that are acceptable in a design environment.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	20	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS,Markov chain,Semiconductor manufacturing,Vehicle blocking
Real-time manufacturing resource conflict resolution based on event-driven mechanism	2007	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	Although the current scheduling rules and algorithm were able to avoid regular manufacturing resource conflicts, strategies to resolve manufacturing resource conflicts were also needed when unexpected errors and faults occured in system operation process. Therefore, an event-driven mechanism was introduced to the operation of interception, analysis and resolution of resource conflicts. Then, the resource conflict problem was transformed into queue problem to realize interaction among resources by setting up a message queue. Finally, a hybrid resolution strategy based on rules, restrictions and instances was introduced for conflict resolution in manufacturing system operation process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Conflict resolution,Event-driven,Manufacturing resource,Message queue
Exact and heuristic procedures for the material handling circular flow path design problem	2007	European Journal of Operational Research	In this study we develop optimization, decomposition, and heuristic procedures to design a unidirectional loop flow pattern along with the pickup and delivery station locations for unit load automated material handling vehicles. The layout of the facility is fixed, the edges on the boundary of the manufacturing cells are candidates to form the unidirectional loop flow path, and a set of nodes located at an intermediate point on each edge are candidates for pickup and delivery stations of the cell formed by those edges. The objective is to minimize the total loaded and empty vehicle trip distances. The empty vehicle dispatching policy underlying the model is the shortest trip distance first. A binary integer programming model describes the problem of determining the flow path and locations of the pickup and delivery stations in which we then provide a decomposition procedure based on a loop enumeration strategy coupled with a streamlined integer linear programming model. It is shown that only a small proportion of all loops have to be enumerated to reach an optimum. Therefore a truncated version of this algorithm should yield a good heuristic. Finally we propose a neighbourhood search heuristic method and report on its performance.  2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	25	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Automated guided vehicle systems,Facility planning,Generalized traveling salesman problem,Material handling
The research of image processing algorithms in AGVS	2007	Proceedings of the 2007 International Conference on Wavelet Analysis and Pattern Recognition, ICWAPR '07	Because of its flexibility and reliability, computer vision guidance is applied into Automated Guided Vehicle System on express highway. Taken landmark as guided line symbol, based on road video image acquisition and processing, the guided line can be identified and the input information for guidance control can be obtained. Since common technology of image processing troubles actual application, algorithms are studied emphatically. According to the characteristics of vision guidance on express highway, some algorithms are improved.  2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Signal Processing,Numerical Analysis	AGVS,Guided line,Image processing
Knowledge based and clp-driven approach to AGVs system control	2007	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The subject matter of the study are the automated guided vehicle (AGV) operation synchronisation mechanisms in flexible manufacturing systems, enabling determination of the travel schedules via some preset travelling route intervals. In many practical cases transport operations are repetitive. For this type of systems the transport processes can be modelled as a system of cyclic concurrent processes sharing common resources with mutual exclusion. The processes examination has to guarantee the collision-free and deadlock free AGVs flow. In this paper the problem of determination of the rules coordinating access of the vehicles to the shared travel route intervals, ensuring the collision-free and deadlock-free execution of the repetitive processes was reduced to determination of the sufficient conditions. In particular the problem of searching for a pair is defined in the form of the constraint satisfaction problem (CSP) and is solved with use of the logic programming techniques.  2007 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Constraints logic programming,Deadlock avoidance,Knowledge engineering,Scheduling
A distributed routing method for AGVs under motion delay disturbance	2007	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	In real transportation environments for semi-conductor manufacturing, unexpected disturbances such as motion delays and/or sudden requests for transportation may cause collisions among AGVs increasing total transportation time. It is required to generate a collisionfree routing for multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) within a few seconds. In this paper, we propose a distributed routing method under motion delay disturbance for multiple AGVs. The proposed method features a characteristic that each AGV subsystem derives its optimal route to minimize the sum of the transportation time and the penalties with respect to collision probability with other AGVs. The penalties reflect the collision probability distribution function for motion delay disturbances. The proposed method is applied to a routing problem for transportation in the semiconductor fabrication bay with 143 nodes and 20 AGVs. The computational results show that the total transportation time obtained by the proposed method is shorter than that of the conventional method. For dynamic transportation environments, an optimal timing for re-routing multiple AGVs under motion delay disturbance is systematically determined by the tradeoff relationship between the total computation time to derive a solution and the uncertainties for re-routings. Markov chain is used to represent uncertainty distribution for re-routings. The proposed method is implemented in an experimental transportation system with 51 nodes and 5 AGVs. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method is applicable to real transportation environments.  2006 Elsevier Ltd. AU rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous distributed system,Markov chain,Motion delay disturbance,Routing,Uncertainty
Lane change of heavy-duty vehicle platoons without lateral position information	2007	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Heavy-duty vehicle platoons are a possible future form of organising goods traffic. Only the leading vehicle is manually driven while all the following vehicles are automatically controlled in longitudinal and lateral direction. This paper presents a control concept for the lane change manoeuvre of the complete platoon which considers the fact that during the transition from one lane to the other the on-board sensors of the platoon vehicles cannot measure the lateral position on the road. It enables the following vehicles to track the path of its preceding vehicle based only on the relative position to the predecessor using onboard sensors as well as the existing communication structure of the platoon. It is shown that the presented control concept is feasible and it is evaluated in simulations of tractor-semitrailer platoons. Copyright  2007 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Automated lane change manoeuvre,Automotive control,Reference variables,Vehicle dynamics
Scheduling and routing of automated guided vehicles: A hybrid approach	2007	Computers and Operations Research	We propose a hybrid method designed to solve a problem of dispatching and conflict free routing of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). This problem consists in the simultaneous assignment, scheduling and conflict free routing of the vehicles. Our approach consists in a decomposition method where the master problem (scheduling) is modelled with constraint programming and the subproblem (conflict free routing) with mixed integer programming. Logic cuts are generated by the sub problems and used in the master problem to prune optimal scheduling solutions whose routing plan exhibits conflicts. The hybrid method presented herein allowed to solve instances with up to six AGVs.  2005.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	94	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicles,Constraint programming,Hybrid model,Logical Benders decomposition,Material handling system,Mathematical programming,Vehicle routing and scheduling
Deterministic path planning and navigation for an autonomous fork lift truck	2007	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper introduces a novel trajectory planner for flexible material handling with an autonomous fork lift truck. Based on a set of predefined waypoints, a continuous-curvature path is computed by a concatenation of line and polar spline segments. Regarding the nonholonomic constraints of the vehicle, the trajectory as well as an associated speed profile is generated. As flexible path planning is required for this kind of application, trajectory generation is not only limited to the base points of a single route. From a list of multiple predefined routes the proper set of waypoints is chosen for guiding the vehicle to a desired destination. Furthermore, a graph-based routing algorithm enables the combination of different routes for trajectory generation. Following the description of the trajectory planner for single and multiple paths, experimental results with speeds up to 1.7 m/s demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach.  2007 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	19	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous mobile robots,Trajectory planning
Worldwide development and application of automated guided vehicle systems	2007	International Journal of Services Operations and Informatics	The automation of transportation in the production, trade and service sectors is key point in the optimisation of intralogistics. For this task, Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) provide special benefits. Applications exist in all fields of industry and trade. Typical examples are the use in assembly lines, warehouses, order picking systems and production plants. Based on the AGVS-Statistic Europe, which is created and administrated by the Department of Planning and Controlling of Warehouse and Transport Systems of the University of Hannover, the main application of AGVS and the sectors in which they are used are analysed. Furthermore, this paper discusses the development of AGVS in China. The first successful implementations as well as the future trends and possibilities are presented. Copyright  2007 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	14	Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	AGVS,Automated guided vehicle systems,Chinese applications,Worldwide developments
Tracking control of automated guided vehicles	2007	Lecture Notes in Control and Information Sciences	The study of automated guided vehicle behavior when moving on a plane occupies practically a central place in the automobile theory. While an automated vehicle travels at a relatively low speed, controlling it with only a kinematics model may work. However, as automated vehicles are designed to travel at higher speeds, dynamics modelling becomes important. For the studies concerning the automated vehicle modeling and control we can refer to [5], [6], [8], and [14]; they deal only with some simplified low-order linear models. These models are too simple for studying the integrated longitudinal and lateral dynamics. Works such as [9] and [13] highlight the contribution of the internal variables such as the rotation angles and velocities of the wheels into the dynamics model. The exponential stabilization of some equilibria of automated vehicles was subject of our work in [1].  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Library and Information Sciences	None
Multi-agent negotiation strategies utilizing heuristics for the flow of AGVs	2007	International Journal of Production Research	This paper presents research that has been conducted into the utilization of heuristics to improve the performance of an agent-based Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) controller. The agent-based controller has been shown to maintain the deadlock-free flow of AGVs within a free space world model. However, the performance in terms of deliveries was lower than a comparable industrial controller. Heuristics were used to ascertain whether or not an AGV could be redirected during negotiations. Experiments were conducted using simulations and one heuristic was found to improve the performance of the agent-based controller significantly.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle controller,Heuristics,Multi-agent negotiation strategies
Improved design methodology for an existing automated transportation system with automated guided vehicles in a seaport container terminal	2007	Advanced Robotics	In this paper, we propose an improved design methodology to meet the changing demands of an existing automated container transportation system in which automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used. This system is called an AGV transportation system. To achieve an improved design, it is essential to detect and correct any occurring bottlenecks. For this purpose, we exhaustively enumerate design proposals by constructing a logic tree. As a case study to verify the proposed methodology, we apply the methodology to an existing AGV transportation system. From the enumerated design proposals, we suggest design policies by considering the actual constraints of the transportation system. Finally, we redesign the transportation system as rapidly as possible. On the other hand, we keep system balancing into account; then, we derive a suitable demand and input number of AGVs under given specifications for a transportation system.  2007 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications	AUTOMATED GUIDED VEHICLE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM,BOTTLENECK,IMPROVED DESIGN,LOGIC TREE,SYSTEM BALANCING
Sequencing material handling equipment in production facilities	2007	International Transactions in Operational Research	In this article we consider the problem of sequencing material handling equipment in manufacturing systems, subject to constraints that restrict the start and end time of each production activity, according to pre-specified daily resource operational schedules and process planning information. The underlying decision problem is modeled using an integer programming formulation similar to vehicle routing with time windows (VRPTW). To take advantage of standard approaches for the VRPTW, we develop a transformation schema that allows a one-to-one mapping between the manufacturing problem and VRPTW. An efficient heuristic to solve the resulting transformed problem is proposed. The method, which is a penalty-based sequential insertion heuristic, allows routes to be constructed by exploiting the tradeoff between material handling and resource starvation costs. The steps of the method are illustrated via a comprehensive example and results on benchmark problems are reported.  2007 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	2	Business and International Management,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation	Manufacturing,Material handling systems,Vehicle routing
An initial assignment method for Tasks Assignment and Routing Problem of autonomous distributed AGVs	2007	IEICE Transactions on Fundamentals of Electronics, Communications and Computer Sciences	This paper discusses an on-line Tasks Assignment and Routing Problem (TARP) for Autonomous Transportation Systems (ATSs) in manufacturing systems. The TARP results in a constrained version of the Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows (PDPTW). As an approach to this problem, a cooperative algorithm with autonomous distributed agents has been proposed. The algorithm is able to plan deadlockfree routes even though the buffer capacity is less, but includes reformability at the point that computation time of that case increases drastically. This paper proposes an initial task assignment method to reduce computation time on planning routes. Results of computational experiments show effectiveness of the proposed method.  2007 The Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	3	Signal Processing,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous distributed systems,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Multi agent,PDPTW,Vehicle routing
A new simulation technique using a holistic approach and methodology to assess productivity of the new plant for manufacturing the Boeing 787	2007	SAE Technical Papers	Alenia Aereonautica is manufacturing two fuselage sections of the new Boeing 787 airplane in a new plant in Grottaglie, Italy. The manufacturing line of the plant consists in 24 production cells and three Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs). The plant has been in production since the beginning of 2007. The shop floor information system controls both the cells and the AGVs using a Real Time software environment that allows three production shifts. The design of the most important cells is completely new and there are no statistics available to evaluate the Mean Time Between Failure (MTBF) and the effective productivity of the cell and of the entire moving line. Alenia Aereonautica made the request to study an adaptive Real Time Scheduler to control the yield of the plant and to allow the management to support the highly demanding yields from Boeing. The authors had two issues: 1The design of the most important cells is completely new and there were no statistics available to evaluate the Mean Time Between Failure (MTBF) and the effective productivity of the cell and of the entire moving line. 2The design of the shop floor information system was designed as a custom system. The Real Time Scheduler and the connections to the higher level information system were untested in a real production status and they could not tested with a traditional technique. To solve the issues, the authors designed a holistic methodology (i.e. evaluating both the estimated cells model behavior and the real control software subsystems) based on a Quasi Monte Carlo Analysis (QMC). A delay line is the basic element that models the manufacturing cell. The delay lines are connected in parallel or in series according to the layout of the plant. The input signal is the actual fuselage section - or "One Piece Barrel" (OPB). All the delays can be modified within a specific range. Failure events or simple production stops are simulated by random events. The manufacturing plant yield can be tested with many simulation runs where the results are analyzed in order to have the best guess of the yield. Using the simulation run, the user can test the resilience of the entire plant to modification of the estimated standard delays in the cells and he/she can control the capability of the shop floor real time scheduler to recover from such unforeseen events as a failed quality test or any technical problems in the cells' hardware. A Quasi Monte Carlo Analysis is the best effort methodology to obtain the measure of risk and to assess the ability of the shop floor, in real time, to re-schedule the production and maintenance tasks. The goal of the Grottaglie plant is to achieve the highest possible yield in order to follow the strict requirements from Boeing. The simulation software program has a structure similar to microprocessor technology where single instructions (the micro-activity in a cell) are executed for a time assigned by the production instruction and altered by a random delay or by a random event. Many other environments can reuse this approach. Copyright  2007 SAE International.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
One-step-leveller, all in a single cycle	2007	Unitex	THEN-AIRFLOW®SYNERGY, a one-step-leveler, has been developed by Then Maschinen GmbH that incorporates all the latest technological possibilities of the patented THEN AIRFLOW technology in a single cycle. The fully automatically guided and controlled sequence of a single 'all in' process phase enables considerable shortening of the dyeing process and excellent reproducibility. THEN - Time saver® achieves massive time savings in all the process phases through the effective use of THEN-AIRFLOW® 'Direct Rinse' method and 'Power Rinse' process. VOLMEDOS facilitates accurate dyestuff and chemical dosing via a control circuit with through-flow measurement device and control valve, while the SELF CLEANER filter system ensures a lint-free surface reducing the setting times between batches. The HOT DRAINER allows a hot drop at temperatures over 85°C while the fabric is in motion resulting in time savings of 15-30 minutes.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	Germany	0	Polymers and Plastics	None
A simulation study for the operations analysis of dynamic planning in container terminals considering RTLS	2007	Second International Conference on Innovative Computing, Information and Control, ICICIC 2007	The aim of this study is to propose using Dynamic Planning System (DPS) for yard tractors (YT) utilizing Real Time Location Systems technology (RTLS) and analyzing its performance. The system can provide real time job ordering in terms of load balancing using the information on location, in regards to the movement of YT. There are two required DPS operation rules regarding YT; the shortest operation time rule and the equal load distribution rule. We examined, by means of simulation, how productivity could be improved with the DPS in container terminals. For the examination, three operation methodologies were utilized: previous, pooling, and dual-cycling. According to the results, flow time of the pooling operation was shorter than previous operations, and dual-cycling was the shortest operation. The best performance was achieved with minimized cost when the shortest operation time rule applied to dual-cycling operation. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	6	Computer Science (all),Mechanical Engineering	None
Internal transport in automated semiconductor manufacturing systems: Novel approaches for tactical and operational management	2007	4OR	This paper summarizes the main results presented by the author in his PhD thesis (Montoya-Torres 2005), supervised by Stéphane Dauzèere- Pérés, Jean-Pierre Campagne and Hélène Marian, and defended on 29 November 2005 at the École des Mines de Saint-Étienne and Université Jean-Monnet. The thesis is written in French and is available upon request from the author. This work deals with a real-life transportation problem in the semiconductor industry. It proposes a new approach by integrating tactical and operational decisions for the control of the automated transport system. At the tactical level, the problem is modeled using integer linear programming models inspired from Location Theory. At the operational level, the solution obtained from the tactical optimization is coupled with a discrete-event computer simulation program and some policies for transportation operations are implemented and compared.  Springer Verlag 2007.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	3	Management Information Systems,Theoretical Computer Science,Management Science and Operations Research,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Integer linear programming,Semiconductor manufacturing,Simulation,Transport
Immunity-based autonomous guided vehicles control	2007	Applied Soft Computing Journal	The human immune system is a self-organizing and highly distributed multi-agent system. These properties impart a high degree of robustness and performance that has created great interest in implementing engineering systems. This adopted engineering analogue is called artificial immune system (AIS). This paper presents an immunity-based control framework, which has the ability to detect changes, adapt to dynamic environment and coordinate vehicles activities for goals achievement, to deploy a fleet of autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) for material handling in an automated warehouse. A robust and flexible automated warehousing system is achieved through the self-organized and fully decentralized origination of AGVs.  2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	22	Software	Artificial immune system,Autonomous guided vehicle,Intelligent material handling system,Multi-agent control framework,Simulation
Neural network control for visual guidance system of mobile robot	2007	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper describes a neural network control for a visual guidance system of a mobile robot to follow a guideline. Without complicated geometric reasoning from the image of a guideline to the robot-centered representation of a bird's eye view in conventional studies, the proposed system transfers the input of image information into the output of a steering angle directly. The neural network controller replaces the nonlinear relation of image information to a steering angle of robot on the real ground. For image information, the feature points of guideline are extracted from a camera image. In a straight and curved guideline, the driving performances by the proposed technology are measured in simulation and experimental test.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
A simulation approach in estimating the impact of channel on port capacity	2007	World Review of Intermodal Transportation Research	This paper addresses the impact of channel waterways on the overall port capacity. In particular, we proposed a definition and two performance measures that can be used to quantify this impact. We then developed a simulation model to simulate the channel activities for estimating the impact of channel under different operating conditions. The simulation results show that when port efficiency level increases, the channels will reduce the overall performance of the port, and thus become a bottleneck in the system.  2007 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	3	Geography, Planning and Development,Transportation	channel capacity,operations research,port simulation
AGV control in the presence of localization systematical errors	2007	14th Saint Petersburg International Conference on Integrated Navigation Systems, ICINS 2007 - Proceedings	2007 State Research Center of Russia Elektropribor.In this paper, automated guided vehicles (AGVs) control in indoors quasi-structured environments is considered where mismatched wheels radius systematical errors corresponding to differential-drive based AGVs are presented. The main wheels radius mismatch effect stems from wearage and mechanical imperfections and tolerance, and it leads to deadreckoning navigation performance decrement. Each AGV follows trajectories composed of lines and changes of direction events, because their path planning can be done off-line due to the quasi-structured environment condition. Past work was published where systematical errors had AGV dead-reckoning estimated pose influence on system accuracy. In this paper, these results are further demonstrated through an experimental setup in which an AGV is controlled to follow a trajectory and dead-reckoning induced systematical errors are computed. The results confirm that heading measurement accuracy can greatly influence dead-reckoning performance even in the presence of strong detrimental AGV errors effects.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	5	Information Systems,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Control,Dead-reckoning,Heading measurement,Localization
Building a semantic-rich service-oriented manufacturing environment	2007	International Journal of Information Technology and Web Engineering	Service orientation has emerged as a new promising paradigm for enterprise integration in the manufacturing sector. In this article, we focus on the approach and technologies for constructing a service oriented manufacturing environment. The service orientation is achieved via virtualization in which everything, including machines, equipments, devices, various data sources, applications, and processes are virtualized as standard-based Web services. The virtualization approach is based on the emerging Web Services Resource Framework (WS-RF). A case study of virtualizing an AGV system using WS-RF is described. The use of Semantic Web Services technologies to enhance manufacturing Web services for a semantic-rich environment is discussed, focusing on OWL-S for semantic markup of manufacturing Web services and OWL for the development of ontologies in the manufacturing domain. An enterprise integration architecture enabled by Semantic Web service composition is also discussed. Copyright  2007, IGI Global.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	1	Computer Science (all)	Ontology,OWL,OWL-S,Semantic Web,Service oriented environment,Virtualization,Web services resource framework
Complexity of multi-disciplinary design	2007	CIRP Annals - Manufacturing Technology	Modern products such as mechatronics machines are increasingly becoming multi-disciplinary. This phenomenon is amplified when considering a system composed of mechatronic elements. This paper first introduces two different types of complexity: (i) complexity by design and (ii) the intrinsic complexity of multidisciplinarity, from the viewpoint of knowledge structure. These two types of complexity do not just make product development processes difficult, but cause design failures through undesired and unpredictable coupling of design parameters. Then, the paper illustrates two multi-disciplinary design cases and analyzes their knowledge structure to clarify how and why these couplings happened.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	109	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Complexity management,Design,Knowledge
Design of admissible schedules for AGV systems with constraints: A logic-algebraic approach	2007	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	The subject matter of the study are the automated guided vehicle (AGV) operation synchronisation mechanisms in flexible manufacturing systems. Since each AGV can be treated as an autonomous object capable to undertake decisions regarding its routing, entering path sectors, etc., hence a class of transportation systems considered can be seen as a class of multi-agent ones. In many practical cases transport operations are repetitive. The processes examination has to guarantee the collision-free and deadlock free AGVs flow. In this paper the problem of determination of the rules coordinating access of the vehicles to the shared travel route intervals, ensuring the collision-free and deadlock-free execution of the repetitive processes was reduced to determination of the sufficient conditions of the form of a pair (initial state, a set of priority rules). In particular the problem of searching for a pair is defined in the form of the constraint satisfaction problem (CSP) and is solved with use of the logic programming techniques.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	26	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Constraints logic programming,Deadlock avoidance,Scheduling
A new approach to outlier detection	2007	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	For many data mining applications, finding the rare instances or the outliers is more interesting than finding the common patterns. At present, many automated outlier detection methods are available, however, most of those are limited by assumptions of a distribution or require upper and lower predefined boundaries in which the data should exist. Whereas a distribution is often unknown, and enough information may not exist about a set of data to be able to determine reliable upper and lower boundaries. For these cases, a new dissimilarity function was defined, which can be viewed as fitness function of genetic algorithm, and a GA-based outlier detection method was formed in this paper. This method allows for detection of multiple outliers, not just one at a time. The illustrations show that the improved approach can automatically detect outliers, and performs better than GLOF approach.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Design of manufacturing cells for uncertain production requirements with presence of routing flexibility	2007	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Cellular manufacturing has been seen as an effective strategy to the changing worldwide competition. Most of the existing cell design methods ignore the existence of stochastic production requirements and routing flexibility. In this study, a simulation based Fuzzy Goal Programming model is proposed for solving cell formation problems considering stochastic production requirements and routing flexibility. The model covers the objectives of minimizing inter-cell movements, maximizing system utilization, minimizing mean tardiness and minimizing the percentage of tardy jobs. The simple additive method and max-min method are used to handle fuzzy goals. A tabu search based solution methodology is used for solution of the proposed models and the results are presented.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	7	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Cellular manufacturing,Fuzzy goal programming,Routing flexibility,Simulation,Tabu search
A real-time scheduling and rescheduling system based on rfid for semiconductor foundry fabs	2007	Journal of the Chinese Institute of Industrial Engineers	This paper constructs a real-time scheduling and rescheduling system based on RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) information for fully automated fabs. The system consists of three modules: a real-time decision-making scheduler, a rescheduling mechanism for machine breakdowns and bottleneck, and a simulation platform. The proposed scheduling and rescheduling system have been successfully applied to the 300mm foundry fab of SEMATECH (SEmiconductor MAnufacturing TECHnology) and TRC fab (Hewlett-Packard Technology Research Center Silicon fab). From simulation results, the dispatching rule sets proposed by SVM scheduler have better performance than a single dispatching rule. In SEMATECH model, the mean flow time is reduced 3%(203.32→197.307 hours), tardy numbers are decreased 17% (63→52 lots), and throughput is increased (176852→177951 wafers). In TRC fab model, the mean flow time is reduced 4% (451.23→427.86 hours) and tardy numbers are decreased 25% (15→12 lots). Clearly, the results are much better than previous researches. In addition, the proposed framework can deal with the machine breakdowns and bottleneck so that the system performance can be improved in time.  2007, Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	21	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Radio frequency identification (rfid),Rescheduling,Scheduling,Support vector machine (svm)
Guidance system to target spot for charging by communications	2007	World Electric Vehicle Journal	This paper is concerned with a docking assistance system on a charging station for electric vehicles (EV). An EV is automatically guided to a target docking spot for charging with high precision. This paper proposes a new concept of a vehicle guidance system for approaching a target spot for charging, which is an extension of the driver assistance by the cooperation between vehicles and infrastructure, and aims at an intelligent charging station. The system proposed here contributes to make it easy to approach a target spot for charging. Simulation studies and experiments are conducted to show the feasibility of the system proposed. In the experiment, a vehicle was guided by the proposed system that measures the position and the heading of a guided vehicle to indicate it the appropriate steering and the velocity to its goal.  2007 WEVA Journal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	3	Automotive Engineering	Charging station,Communication system,Energy supply,Guidance system,Transportation systems
Real-time control of decentralised autonomous flexible manufacturing systems by using memory and oblivion	2007	International Journal of Intelligent Information and Database Systems	: This paper describes a method that uses memory to determine a priority ranking for competing hypotheses. The aim is to increase the reasoning efficiency of a system which controls Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in Autonomous Decentralised Flexible Manufacturing Systems (AD-FMSs). The system includes memory data of past production conditions and AGV actions. Using these memory data, the system reorders hypotheses by giving the highest priority ranking to the hypothesis that is most likely to be true. The system was applied to an AD-FMS constructed on a computer. The results showed that, this reasoning system reduced the number of hypothesis replacements.  2007 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Information Systems	AGV,autonomous decentralised system,FMS,memory,production planning,production systems
A robotic system for automated image-guided Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation	2007	2007 IEEE/NIH Life Science Systems and Applications Workshop, LISA	This paper presents a new robotic system for automated image-guided Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, a noninvasive technique for the treatment of neurologic pathologies such as depression. This stimulation technique requires the accurate positioning of a magnetic coil in order to induce a specific cortical excitation. The neurologist currently positions the coil manually by means of a navigation system, which does not allow the precise clinical evaluation of the procedure. In this paper, a novel robotic system is proposed to assist the neurologist during a TMS session. The proposed system and its control are designed to satisfy simultaneously safety and accuracv requirements.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	9	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	None
SIMULA features, extensions and simulation tools	2007	ESM 2007 - 2007 European Simulation and Modelling Conference: Modelling and Simulation 2007	This paper is an attempt to answer the question: How to do modern programming using the SIMULA language? It contains a list of available compilers for popular operating systems, their particularities or limitations and a description of the main SIMULA features. Then some modern extensions are described, among them: graphical user interface, client/server architecture, database and callback. The 40 years of SIMULA programming provide a lot of simulation tools based on SIMULA. Finally, modelling experiments are presented and discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Modeling and Simulation	Client/Server Architecture,Graphical User Interface,Queueing Network,SIMULA,Simulation
Automated vehicle mobile guidance system for parking assistance	2007	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	A new concept that a vehicle, which does not have fully automated functions but has partial intelligent functions, is manually or automatically guided to an assigned destination position with a guidance system has been proposed. This paper describes the concept of the system and reports the experimental results of the guidance to a parking space with the proposed system. The experimental study has been conducted to show the feasibility of the system proposed. In the experiments, a vehicle was guided with a mobile guidance system that measures the position and the heading of a guided vehicle to instruct it the steering and the velocity to its goal. The system is featured by that a few intelligent mobile guidance systems will assist many ordinary vehicles in dedicated areas including parking lots. 2007 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	8	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Composing structural views in xADL	2007	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Experience with building an architecture for an industrial Automatic Guided Vehicle Transportation System (AGVTS) shows that several essential concerns crosscut the architectural views. To cope with this, a stronger separation proved to be necessary, i.e. using different views for different concerns. In practice this was difficult, since the support for relations between views is very limited. This makes separation of concerns in views hard, thereby increasing maintenance overhead and reducing reuse capabilities. Our claim is that specifying compositions of views is as important as specifying the views itself. This paper extends a representative architectural description language (xADL) which support for composing structural views, by introducing three relations, namely refinement, mapping, and unification. Improving separation of concerns in views and their explicit composition enhances architecture understandability and changeability. The feasibility of the relations is assessed by redesigning the AGVTS architecture. Based on a real maintenance scenario, we investigate to what extent these explicit compositions lead (or not) to enhanced architectural changeability for evolving the distribution strategy in the AGVTS system.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Kinetic maintenance of mobile k-centres on trees	2007	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Let C denote a set of n mobile clients, each of which follows a continuous trajectory on a weighted tree T. We establish tight bounds on the maximum relative velocity of the 1-centre and 2-centre of C. When each client in C moves with linear motion along a path on T we derive a tight bound of ⊖(n) on the complexity of the motion of the 1-centre and corresponding bounds of O(n2α(n)) and Ω(n2) for a 2-centre, where α(n) denotes the inverse Ackermann function. We describe efficient algorithms for calculating the trajectories of the 1-centre and 2-centre of C: the 1-centre can be found in optimal time O(n log n) when the distance function between mobile clients is known or O(n2) when the function must be calculated, and a 2-centre can be found in time O(n2 log n). These algorithms lend themselves to implementation within the framework of kinetic data structures, resulting in structures that are compact, efficient, responsive, and local.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Stereo vision for obstacle detection: A graph-based approach	2007	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	We propose a new approach to stereo matching for obstacle detection in the autonomous navigation framework. An accurate but slow reconstruction of the 3D scene is not needed; rather, it is more important to have a fast localization of the obstacles to avoid them. All the methods in the literature, based on a punctual stereo matching, are ineffective in realistic contexts because they are either computationally too expensive, or unable to deal with the presence of uniform patterns, or of perturbations between the left and right images. Our idea is to face the stereo matching problem as a matching between homologous regions. The stereo images are represented as graphs and a graph matching is computed to find homologous regions. Our method is strongly robust in a realistic environment, requires little parameter tuning, and is adequately fast, as experimentally demonstrated in a comparison with the best algorithms in the literature.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	5	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous mobile robots,Graph matching,Obstacle detection,Stereo vision
Sensor-based robotics for fully automated fibre-mat stitching	2007	2007 European Control Conference, ECC 2007	2007 EUCA.Today, automobile and aeronautics industry uses more and more robust and light-weight parts made of carbon fibres. To achieve high structural properties the carbon fibre mats are stitched in the preforming process using a sewing robot. Current systems rely on manual programming and are neither flexible nor productive. The goal of this work is to develop a robotic system that autonomously follows and stitches the seams. To cope with the black and reflective carbon fibres a laser scan sensor is used, though online processing of the range data for seam-tracking remains a challenging task. The paper presents a fast and robust two-out-of-three voting image processing method for tracking the seam and for controlling the robot motion in real-time. The experimental results demonstrate the feasibility of the fully automated, sensor-guided robotic sewing process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Austria	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Edge detection,Image processing,Range sensing,Sensor-based robotics
Cooperative exploration for usar robots with indirect communication	2007	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	To coordinate a team of robots for exploration is a challenging problem, particularly in unstructured areas, as for example post-disaster scenarios where direct communication is severely constrained. Furthermore, conventional methods of SLAM, e.g. those performing data association based on visual features, are doomed to fail due to bad visibility caused by smoke and fire. We use indirect communication (based on RFIDs), to share knowledge and use a gradient-like local search to direct robots towards interesting areas. To share a common frame of reference among robots we use a feature based SLAM approach (where features are RFIDs). The approach has been evaluated on a 3D simulation based on USARSim.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	9	Control and Systems Engineering	None
An industrial network flow information integration model for supply chain management and intelligent transportation	2007	Enterprise Information Systems	Industrial network flow involves three domains: infrastructure, individual subjects of movement, and planning and control of the movement. Examples include supply chain and intelligent transportation. These traditionally isolated domains can be digitally connected to enhance their performance. Digitization of the infrastructure provides real-time data to facilitate its operation, while digitally connecting the subjects to the infrastructure allows for tailored services and support to particular subjects. Connection of both to the enterprise information systems enables adaptive control for the application (e.g. logistics) at a global optimization level. Previous results in the field cover separate aspects of planning/routing, real-time monitoring, and trip support. Toward this end, a new highway-based subject-infrastructure-enterprise (SIE) information integration model using digital connection is proposed to the field of industrial network flow control for application to intelligent transportation and supply chain management. The SIE model supports industrial network flow control in a way comparable to an adaptive control panel administering an automated material handling system. In this metaphor, the global infrastructure becomes ‘controllable’ similar to factory conveyors and automated guided vehicles. This paper presents a conceptual design substantiated with information requirements analysis. An empirical experiment at locations in New York State shows the technical feasibility of the digital connection envisioned.  2007 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	45	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management	Cyber-infrastructure,Data fusion,Enterprise information systems,Global network flow,Information integration,Intelligent transportation,RFID,Wireless sensor networks
40 years of object-oriented agents	2007	21st European Conference on Modelling and Simulation: Simulations in United Europe, ECMS 2007	In 1967, SIMULA 67 was presented at the IFIP Working Conference on Simulation Programming Languages. Although the exact definition of SIMULA 67 was a bit modified during the next year, the essential properties of the first proposal were conserved and respected. Among them, the properties declared later as those characterizing the object-oriented programming (classes, subclasses and virtuality of methods) were introduced, but also other properties like (a) "life rules" of running in quasi-parallel systems at a mono-processor computers, and (b) classes local in blocks and in objects. Although property (a) rooted in an old practice introduced for discrete event simulation, it was ignored in many object-oriented tools, but - combined with the object orientation - it leads to agents. Property (b) leads to combining simulating agents reflected in a simulation models that could be programmed by different agents. Applications will be presented, too.  2007 ECMS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Modeling and Simulation	Intelligent agents,Object-oriented programming,Simula,Simulating agents
Robot-assisted platform for intratumoral delivery (RAPID)	2007	IFMBE Proceedings	International Federation for Medical and Biological Engineering 2007.In prostate brachytherapy, radioactive seeds are permanently implanted in the prostate for delivering a tumorocidal dose to the cancerous tissues. These seeds provide a significant radiation dose to a relatively small volume, requiring that the seeds be placed accurately to ensure complete treatment. Sensitivity of the urethra and rectal mucosa to radiation are other factors that heighten the need for careful placement of the seeds. In currently practiced manual procedures, the needles are inserted into the patient through fixed holes of a physical template where the maneuverability of the needle is extremely difficult. In contrast, a robotic system can not only provide flexibility in positioning and orientating along with improved consistency and accuracy of needle insertion and seed deposition but may also assist less skillful/ inexperienced clinicians to treat patients with higher quality. Thus, it is important to develop an automated (or a semiautomated) seed delivery device which can provide enhanced consistency, accuracy and efficiency. In this paper, we present the design and development of a 8DOF motorized semi-automated ultrasound image-guided robotic system for performing prostate brachytherapy. In this system, we have incorporated various important data and methods gleaned from in-vivo measurements in the operating room. Techniques, proven by in-vitro experiments, to reduce needle insertion force and tissue deformation have been implemented into this design. Three force-torque sensors have been incorporated to track the forces on the needle for detecting pubic arch interference and to improve robot control. Rigidity and factor of safety of the device has been analyzed using the finite element method. Provisions for position, velocity and force feedback incorporated in this device are useful in improving needle insertion accuracy, consistency and efficiency. We also present preliminary experimental results regarding the performance of the prototype system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Bioengineering,Biomedical Engineering	Image-guided robot,Medical robot,Robot-assisted brachytherapy,Robotic needling,Robotic surgery
Pneumatic brake control for precision stopping of heavy-duty vehicles	2007	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	Precision stopping is an important automated vehicle control function that is critical in applications such as precision bus docking, automated truck or bus fueling, as well as automatic intersection, or toll booth stopping. The initial applications of this technology are most likely to be applied to heavy-duty vehicles such as buses or trucks. Such applications require specific attention to brake control since the characteristics of a typical pneumatic brake system of a heavy vehicle is inherently nonlinear with large uncertainties. The feasibility of providing a smooth precision stopping brake control based on a conventional pneumatic brake system has not yet been demonstrated. This paper describes the precision stopping problem, verifies the pneumatic brake model, details the indirect adaptive robust control (IARC) design for a pneumatic brake system, and reports the successful implementation of a bus precision docking demonstration.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	58	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Backstepping control,Indirect adaptive robust control,Pneumatic brake model,Precision stopping
A quadra-directional decomposition heuristic for a two-dimensional, non-equidistant machine-cell location problem	2007	Computers and Operations Research	After the development of numerous cell formation techniques, machine-cell location (MCL) problems have been the focus of many researchers in cellular manufacturing systems. With the cost cutting strategy, locating machines within the cell itself has not only been the major concern of management, but also the location of cells with respect to each other on a spatial coordinate system to minimize the transportation cost or job movement costs. For lack of being able to solve a large problem optimally, a number of heuristics have been developed for one-dimensional machine and MCL problems. The problem still exists for locating machine-cells on spatial coordinates, which has been addressed in this research. The location coordinates have been decomposed into four movements, backward, forward, upward and downward; and the MCL problem is formulated as a linear combination of these four decomposed (partitioned) objective functions subject to other boundary conditions. A quadra-directional decomposition heuristic (QDDH) is developed to find a sub-optimal solution to the MCL problem. The decomposition procedure for four objective functions is presented and the performance of the heuristic is tested on a set of well-known data. Empirical tests show that the solution procedure produces efficient, good quality solutions for different sizes of the problem instances.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Directional decomposition,Flowline,Heuristic,Machine-cell location
Evolutionary algorithms applied to project scheduling problems - A survey of the state-of-the-art	2007	International Journal of Production Research	Evolutionary algorithms, a form of meta-heuristic, have been successfully applied to a number of classes of complex combinatorial problems such as the well-studied travelling salesman problem, bin packing problems, etc. They have provided a method other than an exact solution that will, within a reasonable execution time, provide either optimal or near optimal results. In many cases near optimal results are acceptable and the additional resources that may be required to provide exact optimal results prove uneconomical. The class of project scheduling problems (PSP) exhibit a similar type of complexity to the previous mentioned problems, also being NP-hard, and therefore would benefit from solution via meta-heuristic rather than exhaustive search. Improvement to a project schedule in terms of total duration or resource utilisation can be of major financial advantage and therefore near optimal solution via evolutionary techniques should be considered highly applicable. In preparation for further research this paper reviews the application of evolutionary algorithms to the PSP to date extending previous reviews in this area by also encompassing the study of PSP using the design structure matrix. In order to better examine the coverage of this research, this paper also utilises the PSP classification system proposed by (Herroelen, W., Demeulemeester, E. and de Reyck, B., A note on the paper 'Resource-constrained project scheduling: notation, classification, models and methods' by Brucker et al., Euro. J. Op. Res., 2001, 128, 679-688.) to identify the problems being studied in each application and to identify the areas lacking in research. The paper concludes with an examination of areas that in the opinion of the authors would particularly benefit from further research.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	31	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Design structure matrix,Evolutionary algorithms,Project scheduling
Facilities location and layout design	2007	Logistics Engineering Handbook	2008 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Organizations and enterprises around the world differ greatly in terms of mission, scale, and scope. Yet all of them aim to deploy the best possible network of facilities worldwide for developing, producing, distributing, selling and servicing their products and offers to their targeted markets and clients. Underlying this continuous quest for optimal network deployment lies the facility location and layout design engineering that is the topic of this chapter. Each node of the network must be laid out as best as possible to achieve its mission, and similarly be located as best as possible to leverage network performance. There is a growing deliberate exploitation of the space-time continuum, which results in new facilities being implemented somewhere in the world every day while existing ones are improved upon or closed down. The intensity and pace of this flux is growing in response to fast and important market, industry and infrastructure transformations. Location and layout design is being transformed, from mostly being a cost-minimization sporadic project to being a business-enabling continuous process; a process embedded in a wider encompassing demand and supply chain design process, itself embedded in a business design process thriving for business differentiation, innovation, and prosperity. Location and layout design will always have significant impact on productivity, but it now is ever more recognized as having an impact on business drivers such as speed, leanness, agility, robustness, and personalization capabilities. The chapter grasps directly this growing complexity in its treatment of the location and layout domain, yet attempts to do so in a way that engineers will readily harness the exposed matter and make it theirs.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Canada	0	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all),Engineering (all)	None
The evolution of intermodal transport research and its development issues	2007	Transport	Scientific papers related to intermodal transport research are reviewed in the article. Attention is focused on classification of scientific issues of intermodality. The methods, algorithms, models used for intermodal transport research are described. The areas of huge scientific focus and poor areas in intermodality research are highlighted.  2007 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Lithuania	24	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Container,Intermodal transport,Sea port,Terminal,Transport research
