AGV dispatching strategy based on theory of constraints	2008	2008 IEEE International Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics, RAM 2008	Based on theory of constraints, according to bottleneck machine in production system and its buffer status, using buffer initiated task assignment, presented the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) dispatching strategy driven by bottleneck machine. Ensured bottleneck machine gather with the practical production load of machine and production assignment in system, and assigned relevant AGV to transport material for bottleneck machine of starvation and blocking preferentially according to the relation of its starvation and blocking time and transport time of free AGV, It makes bottleneck machine work fully without starvation and blocking. System simulation testifies this dispatching could reduce work-in-process inventory and increase system productivity.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV dispatching strategy,Bottleneck machine,Material handling,Theory of constraints
Investigation on key techniques of measurement device of position and attitude applied in large - scale pushing bridge construction machinery	2008	2008 IEEE International Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics, RAM 2008	The problem about measurement of position and attitude of the existing pushing railway bridge construction engineering machinery needs to be solved. The paper designs two kinds of measurement devices adopting phototransistors array and CCD aimed at the demands of pushing railway bridge construction. Multiple serial port communication technique is used to connect devices with industrial PC. Effectiveness of these two kinds of devices has been validated in practice, and the results review that they can not only meet the needs of construction, but also can be used under sunlight circumstances. The measurement system and devices improve the efficiency of pushing railway bridge construction greatly and provide valuable reference for other large-scale engineering machinery's measurement of position and attitude.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	CCD,Phototransistors array,Position measurement
Using equation-free macroscopic analysis for studying self-organising emergent solutions	2008	Proceedings - 2nd IEEE International Conference on Self-Adaptive and Self-Organizing Systems, SASO 2008	When engineering distributed software systems based on self-organising emergent solutions, assessing and understanding the relation between the microscopic dynamics and the resulting macroscopic behaviour is a fundamental issue. In our research, we investigate a systematic approach for understanding the link between microscopic and macroscopic behaviour, based on a numerical analysis technique called Equation-Free Macroscopic Analysis. Instead of deriving a (simplified) macroscopic model, equation-free methods only assume that such a model exists, and mimic a macroscopic simulation using only appropriately initialised simulations with the complete system. There are two crucial issues in this technique. The first issue is defining a complete set of macroscopic variables that would uniquely characterise the self-organising emergent behaviour in the solution. The second issue is the definition of a suitable initialisation operator, that can create a good initial condition for the complete system, given only the values of the macroscopic variables. In this paper, we propose a bottom-up approach for the selection of macroscopic variables and the related initialisation operator. We show how the equation-free approach can guide simulations to systematically increase understanding of the studied system. To illustrate the approach, we use a data clustering system inspired by termite nest building algorithms.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Design and research of embedded controller of an 4-wheel differential drive automate guided vehicle	2008	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	An AGV of two front passive wheels and two rear differential-driven wheels was designed. The nonholonomic state space equations in the flexible mode was obtained with the Newton method and the matrix analysis method taking the nonholonomic constraints and the friction force of the bearings into account and considering the motion speed and the turning velocity to be as the state parameters. Meanwhile, the motion control equation was designed with the full state feedback pole placement method, and the embedded control system of the DS87C520 controller and the PSD813F2 chips was also developed. The reliability, real-time and robust qualities of the nonholonomic state space, and the embedded control system were approved and validated with the simulation and the experiments. At last, some conclusions were drawn.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Embedded control system,Nonholonomic constraint,Pole placement method,State space
Bipolar magnetic positioning system for Automated Guided Vehicles	2008	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	This paper presents the simulation and prototype of a bipolar magnet positioning system for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). The positioning system consists on small cylindrical magnets placed in the floor making the path for the AGV. Magnetic sensors onboard of the AGV receive binary codes from the designed magnet array to recognize its position and make decisions on what path to follow in an intersection. Furthermore, the possibility of assembling the bipolar magnetic positioning system for AGVs with low price components, and the capabilities of such a technology by implementing it on real mini-AGVs in a laboratory environment is presented.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	4	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Application of reactive multi-agent system to vehicle collision avoidance	2008	Proceedings - International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence, ICTAI	Vehicle collision avoidance is a promising safety approach to new transportation systems, with innovative capabilities, such as obstacle detection, vehicle collision avoidance control strategy and adaptability to different obstacles. This paper presents a Reactive Multi-agent solution to the vehicle collision avoidance control problem with a linear configuration. In our case, vehicle collision avoidance is designed as a reactive multi-agent system in which agents interact with other agents and the obstacles situated in the environment by using physics inspired behaviors. Collision avoidance stability emerges as a global result of the individual interacted agents. Vehicle avoidance control strategy stems from calculating the trajectories of the vehicle based on the decision process of the reactive multi-agent system. Furthermore, the adaptation to different kind of obstacles is made by tuning model's physical parameters. In order to assert the transition from abstract to concrete, simulations experiments have been implemented and simulations results are analyzed.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	9	Software,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	None
Real-time positioning and orienting of pallets based on monocular vision	2008	Proceedings - International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence, ICTAI	A vision-based method for positioning and orienting of pallets is presented in this paper, which uses a single camera mounted on the fork carriage of an autonomous forklift. The orientation of a standard pallet without any fiducial marks is first determined by using a back-projection technique that projects the upper and the lower lines of the pallet front plane in input image backward onto a virtual plane with arbitrary orientation in 3D space. When the back-projected lines are parallel, the orient of the virtual plane is the same as that of the pallet front plane. The position of the pallet is then determined by using the height information of the standard pallet. Through a test on a set of real pallet images, we found that the proposed method was applicable to pallet engagement in real environment practically. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	14	Software,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	None
Environment perception of mobile manipulator system based on Multi-sensor information fusion	2008	Proceedings - 4th International Conference on Natural Computation, ICNC 2008	Research in mobile manipulators has reached a level of maturity where they can be expected to efficiently perform complex missions involving searching for gas leaks, hazardous chemicals and pollutant souces. The methods based on multi-source information fusion is effective means for its independent operations. This paper discusses the perception systems for HEBUT- II mobile manipulator system. Firstly, the fusion method of visual and ultrasonic information has been applied to localization of the end-effector. Secondly, based on the ultrasonic array of the mobile platform, a fuzzy control method was adopted to achieve its obstacle- avoidance motion. Experimental results verified the validity of the algorithm and strategy. Through above means, the mobile manipulator system could achieve preferable perception of target object its surrounding environment.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Computational Mechanics	None
Sensor experiments to facilitate robot use in assistive environments	2008	1st International Conference on Pervasive Technologies Related to Assistive Environments, PETRA 2008	In this paper1, we describe the mobile robot and sensor research and development toward assistive devices ongoing at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). Through mobility research projects, NIST has been studying advanced sensor navigation technology for indoor mobile robots and a novel Home Lift, Position, and Rehabilitation (HLPR) Chair. This assistive device can provide independent patient mobility for indoor tasks, such as moving to and placing a person on a toilet or bed, and lift assistance for tasks, such as accessing kitchen or other tall shelves. These functionalities are currently out of reach of most wheelchair users. One of the design motivations of the HLPR Chair is to reduce back injury, typically, an important issue in the care of this group. The HLPR Chair is currently being extended to be an autonomous mobility device to assist cognition by route and trajectory planning. Localization sensor technologies are being studied for use in combination with the HLPR Chair. This paper briefly describes a mobile robot (HLPR Chair) and its onboard sensors. We then describe performance measurements of absolute positioning and obstacle detection sensor technologies towards combining them with the mobile robot into a cost effective home or assistive care facility, patient transfer and rehabilitation system. Copyright 2008 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	6	Computer Science Applications,Software	Localization sensors,Mobility,Patient lift/transfer,Rehabilitation,Robot
Mobile manipulators' object recognition method based on multi-sensor information fusion	2008	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Mobile manipulators have attracted a lot of interest recently. This paper presents an object detection method for mobile manipulator system based on multi-sensor information fusion. Firstly,the fusion method of visual and ultrasonic information has been applied to localization of the end-effector. And based on the ultrasonic array of the mobile platform, a fuzzy control method was adopted to achieve its obstacle- avoidance motion. Vision-guided object recognition and localization method is emphasizes on image-preprocessing, including that: gray treatment, the choice of threshold, binarization, erosion, dilation and group color up method. These transformations can produce clear image which could be easily recognized by the control computer. A design methodology for moment invariant recognition-based object detection is proposed. Experimental results demonstrate the validity of the approach.  2008 Springer Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Mobile manipulator,Multi-sensor,Object recognition
Study for AGV trajectory control by using fuzzy reasoning	2008	Proceedings - 5th International Conference on Fuzzy Systems and Knowledge Discovery, FSKD 2008	There are always various kinds of disturbances in the environment that causes the instability of the Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV). The position error is aroused because the trajectory can not follow the reference trace accurately. In this paper a fuzzy control scheme is proposed based on the analysis of the kinematics equation and the trajectory error of AGV. Then, simulations are made with the white noise instead of the disturbances. Simulation and experimental results show that the proposed fuzzy control strategy can improve the kinematics performance of AGV significantly.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Fuzzy genetic algorithm model for optimization of automated guided vehicle scheduling	2008	38th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering 2008	The current trend in manufacturing technology is considered by two main items, automation and flexibility. Flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is one of the most identified systems that include both automation and flexibility criteria. An FMS comprises three principle elements: Computer controlled machine tools; an automated material handling system and a computer control system. One of the automated materials handling equipment in FMS is automated guided vehicles (AGVs) those are one of the material handling equipments in FMS. Integrated scheduling of AGVs and machine machines is an essential factor contributing to the efficiency of the manufacturing system in FMS environment. Before genetic algorithm (GA) considered as a heuristic method to solve AGV scheduling problem. GA may be not able to achieve the global optimum and sticks in local optima and premature convergence occur. Fuzzy logic controller (FLC) is proposed to control the behavior of GA during solving the scheduling problem of AGVs. This paper presents a job-based GA that based on job sequencing during the optimization and FLC control crossover and mutation rate in simultaneous machine and AGV scheduling problem. Copyright (2008) by Computers & Industrial Engineering.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system,Fuzzy logic,Genetic algorithm,Scheduling
Optimization problem for AGV in automated warehouse system	2008	Proceedings of 2008 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, IEEE/SOLI 2008	AGV as one part of automated warehouse system, its role is goods transportation. The dispatching problem of AGV sub-system in automated warehouse system is analyzed. The dispatching mechanism of AGV was discussed in detail. A math model was built on analysis of the optimization problem. A method with genetic algorithm was proposed to solve the optimization problem. Coding, selection and mutation was given in detail. The simulation result shows that the approach is feasible and provides a good practical way for solving optimization problem in automated warehouse system. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Genetic algorithm,Warehouse system
Modeling strategy by adaptive genetic algorithm for production reactive scheduling with simultaneous use of machines and AGVs	2008	2008 International Conference on Computational Intelligence for Modelling Control and Automation, CIMCA 2008	The problem of production scheduling of manufacturing systems is a typical NP-hard optimization problem and several researchers have been using the Genetic Algorithms (GAs) as a search method, since these algorithms have the capacity of globally exploring the search space. However, it is reported that traditional GAs often suffers from the weaknesses of premature convergence as well as parameter and operator dependence. For this, in this paper it is proposed a modeling strategy by adaptive GA (AGA) for production reactive scheduling of manufacturing systems with shared resources and simultaneous use of machines and AGVs. The aim of this paper is to get a good production reactive schedule in order to achieve a good makespan values in a low response obtaining time. The results of this paper were validated in large scenarios and compared with the results of two other approaches. These results are presented and discussed in this paper.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Automated guided vehicles scheduling optimization by Fuzzy genetic algorithm	2008	WMSCI 2008 - The 12th World Multi-Conference on Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics, Jointly with the 14th International Conference on Information Systems Analysis and Synthesis, ISAS 2008 - Proc.	Recent decades, automation and flexibility are the two most important items in manufacturing systems that both are worked integrating into flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are one of the material handling equipments in FMS. The scheduling of AGVs integrated with machines is an essential factor contributing to the efficiency of the FMS. Fuzzy logic controller (FLC) is proposed to control the behavior of genetic algorithm (GA) to solve the scheduling problem of AGVs. GA cannot achieve the global optimum and sticks in local optima and premature convergence may occur usually. This paper presents an FLC to control the crossover and mutation rate for controlling the GA in AGV scheduling problem. An FMS with fixed rout, six machines and two AGVs is considered as the test case and results compared to those derived from GA model for AGVs scheduling problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	Flexible manufacturing system and Automated guided vehicle,Fuzzy logic controller,Genetic algorithm
A simulation based approach for supporting automated guided vehicles (AGVs) systems design	2008	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) logistic handling system are widely adopted when high transportation capacity and quality of service are the most important characteristics to reach. A large number of mathematical approaches have been developed in years to address AGV systems design and control. Nevertheless, proper performance estimations have to consider the peculiar aspects of the real environment in which the AGV system operates. A simple and effective approach to the stochastic features modelling is the discrete event simulation of the real system. This paper presents a conceptual approach that lead the analyst to set up consistent simulative models to address AGV systems design and performance estimation when applications in end-of-line logistics are considered. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	7	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Design and operational analysis of tandem AGV systems	2008	IIE Annual Conference and Expo 2008	In tandem automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems, the shop floor is partitioned into a group of non-overlapping zones, each served by a single dedicated AGV and has one or more transfer points that link it to other zones. In this paper, a simulation study combined with experimental design is conducted to study the effects of a number of empty vehicle dispatching rules on the system performance. These rules are Shortest Time to Travel First (STTF), First- Encountered-First-Served (FEFS), Largest Queue Size (LQS), and First-Come-First-Served (FCFS). Two configurations of a benchmark problem are simulated with the mentioned dispatching rules, and three system performance criteria are studied; average vehicle workload, throughput rate, and average queue length.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Computer Science Applications,Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Dispatching rules,Simulation,Tandem
The impact of storage block assignment for import containers on AGV dispatching in highly automated seaport container terminals	2008	2008 IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management, IEEM 2008	In automated seaport container terminals, like the CTA in Hamburg or the ECT in Rotterdam, automated guided vehicles (AGV) are used to transport containers from quayside to yard and vice versa. The assignment of AGVs to transportation jobs, the so-called AGV dispatching, is one of the key problems in quayside transportation logistics. The impact of storage block assignment on AGV dispatching has been neglected so far in the literature. In this paper this impact is analyzed by means of simulation. It can be shown with the help of three storage block assignment strategies that the impact depends on congestion at the storage blocks and AGV travel time.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Management Information Systems,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Container logistics,Dispatching,Seaport container terminal,Simulation,Storage block assignment
Machine grouping in cellular manufacturing system using tandem automated guided vehicle with aco based six sigma approach	2008	ICEIS 2008 - Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Enterprise Information Systems	Effective design of material handling devices is one of the most important decisions in cellular manufacturing system. Minimization of material handling operations could lead to optimization of overall operational costs. An automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a driverless vehicle used for the transportation of materials within a production plant partitioned into cells. The tandem layout is according to dividing workstations to some non-overlapping closed zones that in each zone a tandem automated guided vehicle (TAGV) is allocated for internal transfers. Also, among adjacent loops some places are determined for exchanging semi-produced parts. This paper illustrates a non-linear multi-objective problem for minimizing the material flow intra and inter-loops and minimization of maximum amount of inter cell flow, considering the limitation of TAGV work-loading. For reducing variability of material flow and establishing balanced loop layout, some new constraints have been added to the problem based on six sigma approach. Due to the complexity of the problem, ant colony optimization (ACO) algorithm is used for solving this model. Finally this approach has been compared with the existing methods to demonstrate the advantages of the proposed model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Information Systems	Ant colony optimization,Intra and inter-loop flow,Six sigma,Tandem automated guided vehicle
Routing in graphs with applications to material flow problems	2008	Proceedings of the 10th Workshop on Algorithm Engineering and Experiments and the 5th Workshop on Analytic Algorithmics and Combinatorics	Material flow problems are complex logistic optimization problems. We want to utilize the available logistic network in such a way that the load is minimized or the throughput is maximized. This lecture deals with these optimization problems from the viewpoint of network flow theory and reports on two industrial applications: (1) contolling material flow with automated guided vehicles in a container terminal (cooperation with HHLA), and (2) timetabling in public transport (cooperation with Deutsche Bahn and Berlin Public Transport). The key ingredient for (1) is a very fast real-time algorithm which avoids collisions, deadlocks, and other conflicts already at route computation, while for (2) it is the use of integer programs based on special bases of the cycle space of the routing graph.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Engineering (all),Applied Mathematics	None
Dynamic routing of automated guided vehicles in real-time	2008	Mathematics - Key Technology for the Future: Joint Projects Between Universities and Industry 2004-2007	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are state-of-the-art technology for optimizing large scale production systems and are used in a wide range of application areas. A standard task in this context is to find efficient routing schemes, i.e., algorithms that route these vehicles through the particular environment. The productivity of the AGVs is highly dependent on the used routing scheme. In this work we study a particular routing algorithm for AGVs in an automated logistic system. For the evaluation of our algorithm we focus on Container Terminal Altenwerder (CTA) at Hamburg Harbor. However, our model is appropriate for an arbitrary graph. The key feature of this algorithm is that it avoids collisions, deadlocks and livelocks already at the time of route computation (conflict-free routing), whereas standard approaches deal with these problems only at the execution time of the routes. In addition, the algorithm considers physical properties of the AGVs and certain safety aspects implied by the particular application.  2008 Springer-Verlag.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	31	Mathematics (all)	None
Holonomic automated guided vehicle control based on adaptive inverse dynamics Control	2008	2008 International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems, ICCAS 2008	In this paper, we will propose a path control of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). This AGV can move for all directions by using steered type wheels. Furthermore we propose an adaptive path control for a holonomic and omnidirectional AGV under the assumption that we can not decide the parameters in designing the control system. Finally we show the validity of proposed method by numerical simulations in this presentation.  ICROS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Adaptive control,Mass change,Omnidirectional and holonomic AGV,Path control
Partitioning algorithm for path determination of automated robotic part delivery system in manufacturing environments	2008	Performance Metrics for Intelligent Systems (PerMIS) Workshop	This paper presents a student research project as a supplement to the undergraduate curriculum for students in the area of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics. The goal of the project presented in this paper is to provide students with experience in design of a routing path for an automated robotic part delivery system in manufacturing environments. Despite all advancement in automation of manufacturing processes, still there are many challenges that need attentions in automating part transformation between manufacturing stations on an unstructured plant. In this study, first a mathematical model of a plant layout containing static obstacles is constructed. A partitioning algorithm is then introduced that partitions the layout into obstacle-free regions. Next, a searching algorithm is utilized to yield all possible combinations of regions that can connect a starting point to a destination throughout the plant layout. Finally, physical paths are constructed by drawing line segments within the obstacle-free regions and through the intersections between the regions. A program in C language has been developed that accommodates the algorithm introduced. Excellent level of success has been measured in the performance of the designed algorithm and program code. This study could be potentially beneficial to the industry since it tends to remove the labor costs.  2010 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicle (AGV),autonomy and manufacturing,mobile robot
Decentralized coordination of autonomous AGVs in flexible manufacturing systems	2008	2008 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	We present a decentralized approach used to coordinate several flexible automated guided vehicles (AGVs) operating in flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). The decentralized coordination is based on a control policy for planning the collision-free motion, which takes into account kinematics and safety constrains. Besides this, in order to avoid deadlocks in critical zones, such as doors and corridors, a set of hazardous zones is defined, where mutual exclusion should be ensured. In order to consider the performance of the whole system, transportation tasks are allocated to the more appropriate member of the multi-robot team by a centralized auction. The interaction of AGVs operating under different collision conditions has been tested and evaluated in a real industrial setting. The primary contribution of this paper is to show empirically that the presented decentralized approach is viable, effective and safety for coordinating physical multi-robot systems in industrial environments. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	25	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Integrated scheduling of equipment for quayside transport in automated seaport container terminals	2008	Proceedings of the 13th International Conference of Hong Kong Society for Transportation Studies: Transportation and Management Science	Highly automated seaport container terminals like the CTA in Hamburg or the ECT in Rotterdam deploy automated guided vehicles (AGVs) to transport containers from quayside to yard and vice versa. Unlike straddle carriers or automated lifting vehicles, AGVs are not able to lift containers by themselves. They need either a quay crane or a yard crane to load and unload containers. Therefore, cranes and AGVs need synchronized schedules to avoid waiting times. Several problems have to be taken into consideration for integrated scheduling of the quayside transport: AGV dispatching, storage block assignment and yard crane scheduling. These problems occur frequently, i.e. a decision has to be made basically every second. For this reason it's necessary to find a solution for these problems within reasonable time, otherwise terminal operations will be halted until a decision will have been made. Strategies to solve these problems are usually examined by means of simulation, though it is still a major problem to benchmark these strategies. In this paper a mixed-integer linear program (MILP) is introduced which integrates AGV dispatching, storage block assignment and yard crane scheduling in order to calculate schedules for terminal equipment using ex post data. The results of the MILP can be used to benchmark real-time dispatching strategies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Transportation	None
Dispatching policy for the trolley vehicles in the low viaduct rail transportation system	2008	Proceedings of the 8th International Conference of Chinese Logistics and Transportation Professionals - Logistics: The Emerging Frontiers of Transportation and Development in China	In order to raise the handling efficiency at container terminals, a new operation process, the Low Viaduct Rail Transportation System, has been designed and tested in a test base in Shanghai, China. Compared with the traditional process, it has the advantages of less pollution, higher operation efficiency, and less complicated production management system. However, the design of the orbit system and the dispatching policies remain to be solved. This paper studies the dispatching policy for the trolley vehicles and the design of the orbit system in the Low Viaduct Rail Transportation System. A simulation model is established and the handling process at container terminals is simulated by means of the software EmPlant. The main criteria such as operation efficiencies, waiting times and utilities of the facilities under different dispatching policies and orbit lengths are obtained and analyzed after running the model. Finally, the suggestions of dispatching policies are put forwarded.  ASCE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Management of Technology and Innovation,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container terminals,Handling process,Simulation,Trolley vehicle
A mixed model on resolving vehicle dispatching in container terminals	2008	Proceedings of the 8th International Conference of Chinese Logistics and Transportation Professionals - Logistics: The Emerging Frontiers of Transportation and Development in China	Container terminals, serving as the hubs between container ships and other transportations crunodes, are of extreme importance in streamlining the ever increasing global trade. Many different factors affect the service efficiency in container terminals, which inspire great interest in both industrial and academic researches. This paper focuses on vehicle dispatching problem which decides, for each internal vehicle in the port, where to go to find a new loading or unloading task in the whole container terminals after finishing the previous one. A multi-factor online dispatching method, which takes both empty traveling and location balance into consideration, is proposed to fit the current condition of the physical and information infrastructure in most of the ports in mainland China. Such a method is established by using evolution searching function and discrete event simulation combined.  ASCE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Management of Technology and Innovation,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container terminal,Event-driven simulation,Evolution searching,On-line dispatching
AGV parking system using artificial visual landmark	2008	2008 International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems, ICCAS 2008	This paper proposes an efficient method to locate the automated guided vehicle (AGV) into the parking position using artificial visual landmark. For automated transshipment system in container terminals, the port AGV is used to transport containers autonomously and efficiently. To co-operate with the transfer crane, accurate guiding and positioning system is required. Using computer vision algorithms that detect and track the object from the video streams, we extract the exact position and relative distance with respect to the parking position. The artificial landmark is designed for effective detection based on corner feature and color information. After detection phase finds the position of the landmark in the captured image, tracking phase follows the trace of the landmark in the successive image sequences. Tracking phase consists of two stages, estimation and refinement steps. Optical flow vector around the detected point in the current image is calculated by pyramidal Lucas-Kanade feature tracker, and it is used to estimate the current position of the landmark. Then, the refinement step uses some features of the landmark as references to correct the estimated position of the object. Whole process is performed in HSI color space so that the system can be robust to illuminant variation. Experiments show reliable results of parking movement of the AGV. Our approach is simple, effective and robust.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	9	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Lucas-kanade tracker,Visual landmark
A greedy procedure for vehicle positioning in complex automated transportation systems used in manufacturing Un procedimiento greedy para el problema de posicionamiento de vehículos en sistemas complejos de transporte automatizado para manufactura	2008	Ingenieria y Universidad	This paper discusses the problem of vehicle location or positioning for material handling in automated manufacturing systems. The problem is inspired by a real-life application in semiconductor manufacturing. The main difference between this paper and previous works is the consideration of the unified nature of the transport system in which vehicles can travel from one machine to another without passing through intermediate storage. Since a vehicle fleet size is limited, it is necessary to implement intelligent strategies to satisfy transportation requests. Previous works have focused on hierarchical mathematical programming and simulation approaches. This paper studies the tactical decision level, in which, based on static demand estimates, the objective is to determine the best distribution of vehicles within the factory so as to minimize the time required to service a transport request. A greedy heuristic procedure is proposed. Experimental tests have been conducted using previous data from the literature based on a real-life automated factory. An improvement in both production metrics and computation time has been obtained.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Colombia	1	Engineering (all)	Automated material handling systems,Heuristic methods,Semiconductors
Positioning control of linear motor-based container transfer system with varying weight	2008	Proceedings of the 2008 2nd International Conference on Future Generation Communication and Networking, FGCN 2008	In this paper, we introduced a linear motorbased transfer system with an active PID controller which can be replaced with an automated guided vehicle (AGV) for the port automation. This system, which is named LMCTS(liner motor-based container transfer system), is based on PMLSM (permanent magnetic linear synchronous motor) which basically consists of stator modules on the rail and shuttle car. Therefore more progressive and adaptive control mechanisms should be required to control a system with large variation of container weight, the difference of each characteristic of stator modules, and a stator module's trouble etc. We introduced an active control mechanism with an online tuning scheme using modified evolutionary strategy. Some computer simulations are implemented to assess the robustness of the proposed system.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Computer Science Applications,Software,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Sonar based Autonomous Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) navigation	2008	2008 IEEE International Conference on System of Systems Engineering, SoSE 2008	In this paper, a sonar based navigation scheme for Autonomous Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) is proposed considering the physical placement, ranging limits and beam opening angles of sonars. A geometrical modeling of navigation path in an unknown environment is presented. A simple 2-D axis transformation is proposed to relate local robot frame with the actual environment. Forward Safe Path (FSP) and Target Switching Approach (TSA) are proposed for efficient obstacle avoidance and target tracking. FSP simplifies the environment conditions and provides minimum turning path during obstacle avoidance. TSA gives highest priority on the target location during obstacle avoidance and generates minimum distance path towards the target, removing unnecessary turning of the AGV. A scheme for target directional motion is proposed to get minimum turning path towards the target. These methods ensure the avoidance of 'dead cycle' problem and generate 'oscillation' free navigation. These schemes are successfully implemented on a model of PatrolBot™ from ActivMedia Robotics.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	India	11	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Decentralized control of automatic guided vehicles : Applying multi-agent systems in practice	2008	Proceedings of the Conference on Object-Oriented Programming Systems, Languages, and Applications, OOPSLA	An automatic guided vehicle (AGV) transportation system is a fully automated system that provides logistic services in an industrial environment such as a warehouse or a factory. Traditionally, the AGVs that execute the transportation tasks are controlled by a central server via wireless communication. In a joint effort between Egemin, an industrial manufacturer of AGV transportation systems, and DistriNet Labs research at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, we developed an innovative decentralized architecture for controlling AGVs. The driving motivations behind decentralizing the control of AGVs were new and future quality requirements such as flexibility and openness. At the software architectural level, the AGV control system is structured as a multi-agent system; the detailed design and implementation is object-oriented. In this paper, we report our experiences with developing the agent-based control system for AGVs. Starting from system requirements, we give an overview of the software architecture and we zoom in on a number of concrete functionalities. We reflect on our experiences and report lessons learned from applying multi-agent systems for real-world AGV control.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	13	Software	AGV,Automatic guided vehicle,Decentralized control,Multi-agent system,Software architecture
A systematic approach to apply the simulation modeling and analysis for a flexible manufacturing system	2008	2008 International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems, ICCAS 2008	In this article, we propose a systematic approach to apply the simulation modeling and analysis for a flexible manufacturing system which includes a conveyor, AGVs(Automated Guided Vehicle System) and AS/RS(Automated Storage and Retrieval System). This paper presents the design(independent) parameters as objective function and critical(dependent) factors as constraints for the selection of design factors directly. Then the effective and fast solution procedure based on the pareto optimal solution set is proposed. This paper provides a comprehensive framework for the system design using the simulation and metamodels.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Multi objective non-linear programming,Regression metamodel,Simulation
Using a hybrid multi-criteria decision aid method for AGV selection in an automated manufacturing system	2008	38th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering 2008	An ever-increasing trend in today's manufacturing systems is to apply automated guided vehicles (AGV) for material handling and semi-produced parts movements. In this way selecting the best AGV is significant. Given the multi-attribute nature of decision making, this paper argues that six factors, including economics, working capacity, routing ability, defect risk, performance and quality, should be considered for AGV's selection decisions, and proposes the use of analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and preference ranking organization method for enrichment evaluations (PROMETHEE) as aids in making decisions. The AHP is used to analyze the structure of the selection problem and determine weights of the criteria, and PROMETHEE method is used for final ranking, together with changing weights for a sensitivity analysis. It shows by means of an application that the hybrid method is very well suited as a decision-making tool for the AGV selection decision. Finally, potential issues for future research are presented. Copyright  (2008) by Computers & Industrial Engineering.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,AHP,Automated manufacturing system,Multicriteria decision,PROMETHEE,Sensitivity analysis
Memetic approach for multi-objective flexible process sequencing problems	2008	Proceedings of the 2008 International Conference on Genetic and Evolutionary Methods, GEM 2008	This paper describes a novel multi-objective memetic algorithm for solving multi-objective flexible process sequencing problems in flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). FMS can be described as an integrated manufacturing system consisting of machines, computers, robots, tools, and automated guided vehicles (AGVs). While FMSs give great advantages through the flexibility, FMSs usually pose complex problems on process sequencing of operations among multiple parts. Considering the machining time of operations and machine workload load balancing, the problem is formulated as multi-objective flexible process sequencing problems (FPSs). An efficient multi-objective memetic algorithm with fitness inheritance mechanism is proposed to solve FPSs. The experimental results demonstrate that our approach can efficiently solve FPSs and fitness inheritance can speed up the convergence speed of the proposed algorithm in solving FPSs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications	Fitness inheritance,Flexible manufacturing systems,Memetic algorithms,Multi-objective optimization,Process planning
Double container-handling operation for an efficient seaport terminal system	2008	Intelligent Autonomous Systems 10, IAS 2008	For an efficient seaport terminal, we propose a novel operational model, namely, a double container-handling operation among operating machines, such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs), automated transfer cranes (ATCs), and quay container cranes (QCCs), in a seaport terminal system. In addition, a passing lane is provided in a container storage yard in order to activate the container-handling operation by the AGVs and ATCs. In this paper, the effect of the double containerhandling operation and passing lane on the system utilization is examined. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed operational model with a passing lane is discussed on the basis of the operating time and obtained number of operating machines for a given demand in consideration of a mega-container terminal.  2008 The authors and IOS Press. All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,ATC,Double container handling,QCC,Seaport terminal system
Petri net solver for semiconductor manufacturing plan	2008	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	Petri net model is a widely used versatile tool which can represent a discrete event system such as a mechanical system, a communication system, and a production system. The merit of this model is easiness in handling. Other merit of the model is descriptive easiness in parallel and synchronous operations. In addition, it is applicable to a wide variety of discrete event system due to its excellence in the analytical ability and the handling ability. However when the size of the targeted model becomes large, the calculation time to solve the optimization problem is remarkably increased. In this paper, application of Petri net solver by decomposition to the Semiconductor Manufacturing is presented. Numerical results showed the practicability of the proposed method.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	12	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Optimization,Petri net model,Production planning,Route planning,Semiconductor manufacturing
An application of network design with orientation constrains	2008	7th Cologne-Twente Workshop on Graphs and Combinatorial Optimization, CTW 2008	We address the problem of orienting the edges of an undirected graph so as to minimize the sum of the distances between a given set of origin-destination pairs in the resulting directed graph. The problem originates from the design of Personal Rapid Transit (PRT) networks. We consider an Integer Linear Programming (ILP) formulation with variables associated with the orientation of the arcs, and variables associated with the arcs in the paths in the directed graph between origindestination pairs. Given that the direct solution of this natural formulation is impractical even for small instances, we propose a branch-and-cut approach based on Benders decomposition, reporting preliminary experimental results on arising from PRT networks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	2	Control and Optimization,Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics	Benders decomposition,Graph orientation,Integer linear programming,Network design,Personal rapid transit
Kinematics and dynamics modelling of a mecanum wheeled mobile platform	2008	15th International Conference on Mechatronics and Machine Vision in Practice, M2VIP'08	Omni-directional mobile platforms have the ability to move instantaneously in any direction from any configuration. As such, it is important to have a mathematical model of the platform, especially if the platform is to be used as an autonomous vehicle. Autonomous behaviour requires that the mobile robot choose the optimum vehicle motion in different situations for object/collision avoidance and task achievement. This paper develops and verifies a mathematical model of a mobile robot platform that implements mecanum wheels to achieve omni-directionality. The mathematical model will be used to achieve optimum autonomous control of the developed mobile robot as an office service robot. Omni-directional mobile platforms have improved performance in congested environments and narrow aisles, such as those found in factory workshops, offices, warehouses, hospitals, etc.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	56	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Dynamics modelling,Kinematics modelling,Mecanum wheels,Omni-directionality
Multi-domain robotic swarm communication system	2008	2008 IEEE International Conference on System of Systems Engineering, SoSE 2008	As swarm of robots from different domains works together in a System of Systems, the need arises for interswarm communication. This paper presents a viable solution for robotic swarm communication and navigation for different autonomous applications. Communication is achieved through ZigBee Radio Modems and an expandable protocol to accommodate different types of data. This proposed communication system also allows dynamic swarm expansion, where a new member can be added to the swarm family. It is a complementary approach for task coordination and navigation. Navigation is an important issue to accomplish the coordination of tasks in a swarm of robots. Different environmental issues, related to navigation, have been discussed and are presented through simulation results and the real-time communication test is presented through the experimental result.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	United States	17	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Communication,Navigation,Swarm robotics
Building a semantic-rich service-oriented manufacturing environment	2008	Agent Technologies and Web Engineering: Applications and Systems	Service-orientation has emerged as a new promising paradigm for enterprise integration in the manufacturing sector. In this paper, we focus on the approach and technologies for constructing a service oriented manufacturing environment. The service orientation is achieved via virtualization in which every thing, including machines, equipments, devices, various data sources, applications, and processes, are virtualized as standard-based Web services. The virtualization approach is based on the emerging Web Services Resource Framework (WS-RF). A case study of virtualizing an AGV system using WS-RF is described. The use of Semantic Web Services technologies to enhance manufacturing Web services for a semantic-rich environment is discussed, focusing on OWL-S for semantic markup of manufacturing Web services and OWL for the development of ontologies in the manufacturing domain. An enterprise integration architecture enabled by Semantic Web service composition is also discussed.  2009, IGI Global.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Singapore	0	Computer Science (all)	None
Combining wireless communications and navigation - The WHERE project	2008	IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference	Wireless communications and navigation have different constraints to cope with. On the one hand, communication systems traditionally aim at high spectral efficiency with specific requirements such as low latency and low power consumption. On the other hand, navigation is usually based on the transmission of known data signals at low data rates with fine synchronization capabilities for efficient signal acquisition and tracking. The ICT project WHERE (Wireless Hybrid Enhanced Mobile Radio Estimators) [1] will focus on exploiting the positioning information to enhance communications -and vice versa- within heterogeneous and/or cooperative wireless systems. The paper gives an overview and outlines the upcoming goals of the FP7-ICT projectWHERE. The WHERE project is an ICT STREP project involving 14 partners. It started in January 2008 and is running until June 2010. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	11	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	None
Discrete-event simulation of a complex intermodal container terminal a case-study of standard unloading/loading processes of vessel ships	2008	ICINCO 2008 - 5th International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics, Proceedings	This paper analyzes the performance of a complex maritime intermodal container terminal. The aim is to propose changes in the system resources or in handling procedures that guarantee better performance in perturbed conditions. A discrete-event system simulation study shows that, in future conditions of increased traffic volumes and reduced available stacking space, more internal transport vehicles, or appropriate scheduling and routing policies, or an increased degree of automation would improve the performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering	Container terminals,Discrete-event systems,Simulation,Transport systems
Project of AN AGV transport system through simulation techniques	2008	7th International Workshop on Modeling and Applied Simulation, MAS 2008, Held at the International Mediterranean Modeling Multiconference, I3M 2008	The aim of the present work is the application of simulation techniques to the project of the handling system of a semiautomatic line for the assembly of electrical switches. In particular, we have studied an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) transport system. The maximum assembly capacity is 48 units per hour: - Switches single-pole: 25%, 12 units; - Switches 2 poles: 25%, 12 units; - Switches 3 poles: 50%, 24 units. A main line has been designed in order to connect the following stations: • An input station for the loading of components for the assembly of each kind of product; • Two machines for the preparation of subgroups; • A machine characterized by two stations: assembling and testing of all products (physical, electrical and magnetic); • Two final warehouses; one of finished products and another of products sent back to the testing station by an operator (inspector), through an handling system. We have a worker in each working centre.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	2	Modeling and Simulation	None
Evaluation and optimisation of manufacturing system using simulation modelling and design of experiment	2008	20th European Modeling and Simulation Symposium, EMSS 2008	The application of computer simulation has been proposed and implemented to optimize an integrated manufacturing system using lean manufacturing principles. A simulation model only acts as a tool in examining performance. It is essentially a trial and error methodology, and does not directly provide explanations for observed system behaviors. Therefore, in this paper the use of design of experiment in simulation is studied to solve decision-making problems in integrated manufacturing systems. In order to achieve the objectives described above, the authors have developed a simulation model for a manufacturing process in packaging area. In particular, the authors have been modeling the automatic material handling and storage system served by automatic guided vehicles (AGV) versus packaging lines in a pharmaceutical plant. The lean manufacturing principles have been used to simulate different settings of the process as bottleneck removal, buffer removal and kitting operation introduction. The design of experiment 25 factorial design has been used to optimize the scenario.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Design of experiments,Factorial experiment,Pharmaceutical Plant,Simulation
Particle swarm optimizer based controller design for vehicle navigation system	2008	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	The purpose of this paper is to develop Particle Swarm Optimizer (PSO) based controller for Vehicle Navigation System (VNS). This paper regards the mathematical model of Car-Like Mobil Robot as the vehicle dynamics behavior to develop the controller for VNS. VNS controls the vehicle via two actual control values, one is the degree variation of the front wheel and the other is the acceleration variation of the vehicle versus time respectively. The proposed algorithm is to find the best feedback gain values of the controller for VNS after two analysis process. First, input-output linearization is applied to transform non-linear dynamic model of vehicle to a linear system through states transformation. Contained within the linear system is a set of pseudo control variables; there is a transformation relationship through the decoupling matrix between the vehicle's actual control variable and the pseudo control variable. Second, a pseudo control is generated by designing a state feedback controller of the linear system. Then the best feedback gain values are determined by particle swarm optimizer (PSO). At once the best feedback gains are found by the PSO, pseudo control could be transformed to the actual control applied to the vehicle through a decoupling matrix. In the paper, the controller for VNS constructs a precise and optimized vehicle's automatic navigation strategy and meets the requirement of system closed-loop stability. This paper uses Matlab as the simulation environment, the simulation results show that the proposed method makes vehicle steering in the crooked change road conditions. The proposed algorithm can adjust the vehicle's trajectory to the road trend and can provide a stable driving strategy for driver.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	4	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Car-like mobil robot,Feedback gain,Input-output linearization,Particle swarm optimizer (PSO),Vehicle navigation system (VNS)
Double exponential model of ultrasonic signals	2008	International Conference on Signal Processing Proceedings, ICSP	The notion of representing discrete-time ultrasonic signals using double exponential model and the method of computing model's parameters using Prony method are introduced. The rise time tr and full width half maximum t fwhm of double exponential model is discussed and contrasted with the damped exponential model. It is shown that flexibility of double exponent model is superior to damped exponential model. Fitting the measured data and simulation of TOA(Time-Of-Arrived) proved that the double exponent model has better performance than the damped exponential model.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Software,Signal Processing,Computer Science Applications	None
Vehicle routing problems and container terminal operations - an update of research	2008	Operations Research/ Computer Science Interfaces Series	Containers came into the market for international conveyance of sea freight almost five decades ago. The breakthrough was achieved with large investments in specially designed ships, adapted seaport terminals with suitable equipment, and availability of containers. Today over 60% of the world's deep-sea general cargo is transported in containers and some routes are even containerized up to 100%. Seaport container terminals face a high demand for advanced optimization methods. A crucial competitive advantage is the rapid turnover of the containers, which corresponds to an efficient handling of containers as well as to a decrease of the costs of the transshipment processes. One of the key concerns in this respect refers to various types of equipment at container terminals devoted to the routing of containers to achieve high productivity. For instance, a variety of vehicles is used for the horizontal transport at the quayside and at the landside. In this chapter we provide a comprehensive survey on routing problems that have arisen in the container terminal domain, such as how to route automated guided vehicles, new technologies such as double rail mounted gantry cranes, etc. This opens up new challenges for the field. The chapter strives to summarize the research results for the vehicle routing problem and its variants regarding container terminals.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2008.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Germany	23	Computer Science (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicles,Container terminal operations,Quay cranes,Rail mounted gantry cranes,Scheduling,Straddle carriers,Trailers,Trucks,Vehicle routing problem
Integrated Quay crane and yard truck schedule for inbound containers	2008	2008 IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management, IEEM 2008	Quay crane scheduling a yard truck scheduling are two important subproblems in container terminal operations, which have been studied separately in previous research. This paper treats the scheduling of quay crane and yard truck in a whole. The problem is formulated as a mixed integer programming model and solved with a genetic algorithm. Computational examples show the benefits of integrated methods and the efficiency of the proposed algorithm.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	11	Management Information Systems,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Mixed integer programming,Scheduling
A simulation model for intra-terminal transport of container terminal operations system	2008	Proceedings of 2008 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, IEEE/SOLI 2008	The research is based on investigating and studying various real container terminals operations systems. Firstly, intra-terminal transport is defined in the container terminal operations system that is a discrete event dynamic system and its entities, events, activities and process are analyzed. Secondly, based on identifying the various congestions, the simulation model is proposed. The cycle-time consists of the four stochastic variables: the non-stop traveling time of the cycle, the waiting time at berth, the waiting time at yard, and the abnormal waiting time in a cycle due to congestion or operations management. Finally, Container Terminals of Phase I of Shanghai Yangshan Port and Shanghai Waigaoqiao Container Terminal are chosen as a case to study how to determine the quay-yard cycle time and the operation-line productivities in the quay-yard cycle for a planning terminal that has not been established. This research indicates that this simulation model for intra-terminal transport can be applicable to any of the five typical container-terminal handling systems and the empirical equation obtained in case study can make sense for the simulation model for inter-terminal transport. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Congestion,Container terminal,Cycle time,Intra-terminal transport,Simulation modeling
A global decentralized control strategy for urban vehicle platooning using monocular vision and a laser rangefinder	2008	2008 10th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2008	To address traffic saturation in cities, new "Urban Transportation Systems", based on electric vehicles in free-access, are in developing. One necessary functionality of such systems is their ability to move in a platoon fashion. A global decentralized platoon control strategy, supported by inter-vehicle communications, is addressed in this paper, relying on nonlinear control techniques. The main interest in a global approach is that servoing error accumulation can be avoided, whatever the platoon length. However, absolute vehicle localization is then required. In urban applications, cameras are realistic sensors, but localization is supplied in a 3D visual virtual world, slightly distorted w.r.t. the actual metric one. To enable accurate guidance, local corrections to the visual world are here computed from the data supplied by a laser rangefinder mounted on the second vehicle, and then shared with the whole platoon. Full-scale experiments demonstrate the performance of the proposed approach.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	5	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles,Laser rangefinder,Mobile robots,Monocular vision,Nonlinear control,Platooning
Tracking control of wheeled mobile robots using a receding horizon controller with time-delay	2008	Proceedings of the 2008 International Conference on Scientific Computing, CSC 2008	In this study, a receding horizon (RH) controller is developed for the tracking control of wheeled mobile robots (WMRs) subject to nonholonomic constraints in environments without obstacles. The tracking-error kinematic model is first linearized at the equilibrium point. Then, it is transformed into an exact discrete form considering the time-delay. The control policy is derived from the optimization of a quadratic cost function, which penalizes the tracking error and control variables in each sampling time. The minimization problem is solved by using the OP (Quadratic Programming) method taking the current error state as the initial value and including the input constraints, which include the velocity and acceleration constraints to prevent the mobile robot from slipping. The performance of the control algorithm is verified via computer simulations with several different predefined trajectories showing that the strategy is feasible.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Software	Quadratic programming,Receding horizon control,Trajectory tracking,Wheeled mobile robot
Tractability of deadlock avoidance problem in automated manufacturing systems modeled with petri net	2008	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	For deadlock avoidance in automated manufacturing systems (AMSs), it is desired that a deadlock control policy is maximally permissive. However, up to now, the tractability problem of deadlock avoidance in AMSs is still open. This paper conducts study on the tractability problem of deadlock avoidance for the general sequential resource allocation problem with each step requiring a single resource. An AMS is modeled by colored resource-oriented Petri net (CROPN). Based on the model, necessary and sufficient condition, under which the deadlock avoidance problem is tractable, is presented. At the same time, a one step look-ahead control policy is presented.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Automated manufacturing systems,Deadlock avoidance,Petri net
Mixed-load transportation scheduling in a floor warehouse environment	2008	2008 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	In a warehouse, efficient product transportation is required for high productivity. In general, it is recognized that mixed-load transportation can decrease the moving time to some extent. However, many scheduling methods without regard to mixed-load transportation have recently been proposed. In this respect, we propose a design for scheduling problems with mixed-load transportation handled by vehicles. The proposed method uses two well-known dispatching rules and a local search method based on a simulated annealing algorithm. Two rules are applied to obtain the initial solution while ignoring the mixed-load transportation, and the local search method is applied to improve the initial solution to obtain a semi-optimal solution in consideration of mixed-load transportation. To evaluate the applicability of the proposed system, we implemented our system with several product transportation environment. The simulation results verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A simulation model for demand responsive routing and scheduling of cybercars	2008	38th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering 2008	Cybercars are automatically guided vehicles for passenger transport on dedicated networks like amusement parks, shopping centres etc. The current paper proposes a simulation-based fleet management system for demand responsive scheduling and routing of cybercars. The goal is to provide cybercars to customers at desired times and places. A Centralized Fleet Management System (CFMS) is developed. The functions performed by CFMS are pooling requests, optimal scheduling and routing of vehicles, reducing empty movement of vehicles, and avoiding any breakdowns due to low energy/fuel levels during vehicle trips. A numerical illustration is provided to demonstrate the applicability of the approach. Copyright  (2008) by Computers & Industrial Engineering.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Decision support system,Fleet management,Vehicle routing
A position-based visual servoing scheme for following paths with nonholonomic mobile robots	2008	2008 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	We present a visual servoing scheme enabling nonholonomic mobile robots with a fixed pinhole camera to reach and follow a continuous path on the ground. The controller utilizes only a small set of features extracted from the image plane, without using the complete geometric representation of the path. The scheme is position-based, and a Lyapunov-based stability analysis is carried out. The performance of our control design is experimentally validated on a car-like robot equipped with a pinhole camera. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	26	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Adaptive permutation-based genetic algorithm for solving VRP with stochastic demands	2008	Journal of Applied Sciences	The primary objective of this study is to solve the Vehicle Routing Problem with Stochastic Demands (VRPSD) under restocking policy by using adaptive Genetic Algorithm (GA). The problem of VRPSD is one of the most important and studied combinatorial optimization problems, which finds its application on wide ranges of logistics and transportation area. It is a variant of a Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP). The algorithms for stochastic VRP are considerably more intricate than deterministic VRP and very time consuming. This has led us to explore the used of metaheuristics focusing on the permutation-based GA. The GA is enhanced by automatically adapting the mutation probability to capture dynamic changing in population. The GA becomes a more effective optimizer where the adaptive schemes are depend on population diversity measure. The proposed algorithm is compared with standard GA on a set of randomly generated problems following some discrete probability distributions inspired by real case of VRPSD in solid waste collection in Malaysia. The performances of several types of adaptive mutation probability were also investigated. Experimental results show performance enhancements when adaptive GA is used.  2008 Asian Network for Scientific Information.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	8	Multidisciplinary	Adaptive mutation probability,Genetic algorithm,Restocking policy,Solid waste collection,VRP with stochastic demands
A hybrid GA-Simulation approach to improve JIT systems	2008	2008 IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management, IEEM 2008	This study presents a hybrid approach involving genetic algorithms (GA) as an optimization search technique and a simulation model, for representing the dynamic behavior of the system and its limitations, to improve the practical JIT manufacturing system. To achieve the objective, first, the actual system is modeled and simulated (by considering the system's limitations and its dynamic behavior). Second, the integrated simulation model is tested and validated by analysis of variance. Third, the hybrid GA-Simulation approach is used in an interactive manner to determine the optimal number of kanban cards in different stations of the practical JIT system. The presented hybrid approach is tested and applied to an auto industry production line. Furthermore, it is compared with the practical JIT through analysis of variance (ANOVA) and the results show improvements in the average daily production rate, the average resource utilization and the average cycle time but some deterioration in the average queue length and in process inventory is inevitable.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Management Information Systems,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analysis of variance,Genetic algorithm,Hybrid,Integration,Just-in-time,Simulation
Equalization of ultrasonic transducers based on evolutionary algorithm and IIR lattice filter	2008	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	In ultrasonic non-destructive evaluation (NDE) application, band-pass ultrasonic transducer is recognized as a main factor degrading the time fidelity of inspection. Due to low computational complexity and simplicity, finite impulse response (FIR) equalizer techniques have been applied to undo the band-pass response of the narrowband ultrasonic transducers in our previous work. Compared to FIR filters, infinite impulse response (IIR) structures exhibit considerable advantages including the potential reduction of computational complexity and the increased accuracy with equivalent order. However, the application of the IIR filters is seriously hindered by their drawbacks such as the multimodal performance surface and stability issue. Aiming to mitigate the limitations posed by the IIR filters, this paper introduces an evolutionary algorithm-based IIR filter implemented as the lattice structure which greatly simplifies the stability control and then applies it in the physical ultrasonic transducer equalization. The experimental results on numerical data as well as the practical ultrasonic NDE signals are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Evolutionary algorithm,IIR filter,Lattice form,Non-destructive evaluation,Ultrasonic transducer
Camera calibration using a genetic algorithm	2008	Engineering Optimization	An autonomous robot will have to detect moving obstacles online before it can plan its collision-free path, while navigating in a dynamic environment. The robot collects information about the environment with the help of a camera and determines the inputs for its motion planner through image analysis. The present article deals with issues related to camera calibration and online image processing. The problem of camera calibration is treated as an optimization problem and solved using a genetic algorithm so as to achieve minimum distorted image plane error. The calibrated vision system is then utilized for the detection and identification of the objects by analysing the images collected at regular intervals. For image processing, five different operations, such as median filtering, thresholding, perimeter estimation, labelling and size filtering, have been carried out. To show the effectiveness of the developed camera-based vision system, inputs of the motion planner of a navigating robot are calculated for two different cases. It is observed that online detection of the shapes and configurations of the obstacles is possible by using the vision system developed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	9	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Camera calibration,Genetic algorithm,Image processing,Online obstacle detection,Optimization
Event-based optimization for dispatching policies in material handling systems of general assembly lines	2008	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	A material handling (MH) system of a general assembly line dispatching parts from inventory to working buffers could be complicated and costly to operate. Generally it is extremely difficult to find the optimal dispatching policy due to the complicated system dynamics and the large problem size. In this paper, we formulate the dispatching problem as a Markov decision process (MDP), and use event-based optimization framework to overcome the difficulty caused by problem dimensionality and size. By exploiting the problem structures, we focus on responding to certain events instead of all state transitions, so that the number of aggregated potential function (i.e., value function) is scaled to the square of the system size despite of the exponential growth of the state space. This effectively reduces the computational requirements to a level that is acceptable in practice. We then develop a sample path based algorithm to estimate the potentials, and implement a gradient-based policy optimization procedure. Numerical results demonstrate that the policies obtained by the event-based optimization approach significantly outperform the current dispatching method in production.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	None
A synchronous controller for multiple mobile robots in time-varied formations	2008	2008 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	This paper presents a synchronization control strategy for formation control of swarm of mobile robots. The formation control problem is successfully posed as a synchronization control problem, and the concept of synchronization error is created for measuring the formation control effect. A decentralized trajectory tracking controller is developed with feedback of both position and synchronization errors, formed with a combination of feedforward, feedback and a saturation control, without significant use of robot models. It is proven that this synchronization controller guarantees both position and synchronization errors to converge to zero. The rotary control, in the form of a computed torque control, ensures that the robot is always oriented towards its desired position to assist the formation control in translation. Experiments were performed on three mobile robots in a formation switch task. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed synchronous formation control approach. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	7	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Robust sliding mode control for release of spacecraft from Maglev launch assist	2008	AIAA Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference and Exhibit	Robust flight and launch control laws based on variable structure control (VSC) and Lyapunov direct method are designed for the transition of an aircraft from a magnetic levitation launcher to free flight. A new aircraft mount, the variable angle of attack (VAOA) mount, is proposed here. The VAOA utilizes the ability to change the aircraft's angle of attack without changing the aircraft's control surfaces to achieve lower drag during initial acceleration and smooth transition to free flight, with minimal loss of kinetic energy. A PID control law is developed for the high level magnetic levitation plant and a Sliding Mode Control (SMC) law is derived, for control of the aircraft and VAOA with plant uncertainties and input disturbances. A stable sliding mode and robust asymptotic stability are investigated for both the aircraft and VAOA control laws. Measurable states and sliding surface are chosen for the VSC so that the zero-dynamics of the system are stable. Simulation results are provided to show the effectiveness of the proposed control design and methods.  2008 by Gurbacki Controls, LLC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Aerospace Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
An object localization and reaching method for wheeled mobile robots using laser rangefinder	2008	2008 4th International IEEE Conference Intelligent Systems, IS 2008	This paper proposes an efficient scheme to solve the problem of identifying an object from range data and navigating to it by on line calculating and performing highly continuous paths for a precise target reaching. Our approach combines a laser range-based object localization method with the PC-Sliding, a technique based upon Polynomial Curvature paths that are suitable for nonholonomic mobile robots and robust to measurement and model uncertainties. First the object is on-line localized using a laser rangefinder taking into account sensor and robot pose uncertainties and then a PCpath is bothplanned and real-time controlled with a unique strategy.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	11	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Laser rangefinder,Object localization,Pathplanning,WMR
Receding horizon tracking control for wheeled mobile robots with time-delay	2008	Journal of Mechanical Science and Technology	In this paper, a receding horizon (RH) controller is developed for tracking control of wheeled mobile robots (WMRs) subject to nonholonomic constraint in the environments without obstacles. The problem is simplified by neglecting the vehicle dynamics and considering only the steering system. First, the tracking-error kinematic model is linearized at the equilibrium point. And then, it is transferred to an exact discrete form considering the time-delay. The control policy is derived from the optimization of a quadratic cost function, which penalizes the tracking error and control variables in each sampling time. The minimizing problem is solved by using the QP (quadratic programming) method taking the current error state as the initial value and including the velocity constraints. The performance of the control algorithm is verified via the computer simulations with several different predefined trajectories showing that the strategy is feasible.  2008 The Korean Society of Mechanical Engineers and Springer-Verlag GmbH.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	12	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Quadratic programming,Receding horizon control,Trajectory tracking,Wheeled mobile robot
Models and algorithms for multi-crane oriented scheduling method in container terminals	2008	Proceedings of International Forum on Shipping, Ports and Airports, IFSPA 2008 - Trade-Based Global Supply Chain and Transport Logistics Hubs: Trends and Future Development	"Multi-crane oriented" is a scheduling method that yard trailers can be shared by different quay cranes. In this paper, two models for this problem is developed. The first one is model for inter-ship based sharing method. In this model, yard trailers can be shared by quay cranes of different ships. To slovle the model, a two-phase tabu search algorithm is disigned. The second one is model for ship based sharing method. In this model yard trailers can only be shared by quay cranes of the same ship. Q-learning algorithm is designed to solve the model. Numerical tests show that "multi-crane oriented" can decrease the yard trailers travel distance, reduce the disequlibrium of different working line, and thus improve the operation efficiency in container terminals.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Transportation	Container terminals,Multi-oriented scheduling method,Q-learning algorithm,Yard trailer scheduling
Real-time motion planning for overtaking a slower-moving vehicle	2008	15th World Congress on Intelligent Transport Systems and ITS America Annual Meeting 2008	Future vehicles will be equipped with ever increasing number of sensors, including those for driver assistance: sensors for simple tasks as detecting obstacles and parking, and for more complex tasks, such as lane changing. In this context, this paper presents a novel trajectorygeneration algorithm for lane-changing manoeuvres. The proposed scheme is guidance based, real-time applicable, and ensures safety and passenger ride comfort. It can be used as a fully autonomous system or simply as a driver-assistance tool. Extensive simulation runs, some of which are presented herein, clearly demonstrate the tangible efficiency of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	1	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Transportation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	Collision avoidance,Driver assistance,Rendezvous-guidance law,Ride comfort,Vehicle overtaking
Achieving formations under Medium Access, relative position and velocity constraints	2008	2008 International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems, ICCAS 2008	We consider the distributed control of multi-agent sytems that must collaborate to achieve a formation specified by relative positions between agents and a constant velocity. The control law uses information exchange commensurate with redundancy for fault tolerance, is scalable, and respects Medium Access Control (MAC) constraints, that prohibit two agents from simultaneously broadcasting to the same agent. Unlike this paper, our prior work under MAC constraints did not permit the specification of the formation velocity.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Cooperative control,Decentralized control,Fault tolerance,Stability
Walking with EMO: Multi-objective robotics for evolving two, four, and six-legged locomotion	2008	Multi-Objective Optimization in Computational Intelligence: Theory and Practice	This chapter will demonstrate the various robotics applications that can be achieved using evolutionary multi-objective optimization (EMO) techniques. The main objective of this chapter is to demonstrate practical ways of generating simple legged locomotion for simulated robots with two, four and six legs using EMO. The operational performance as well as complexities of the resulting evolved Pareto solutions that act as controllers for these robots will then be analyzed. Additionally, the operational dynamics of these evolved Pareto controllers in noisy and uncertain environments, limb dynamics and effects of using a different underlying EMO algorithm will also be discussed.  2008, IGI Global.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Malaysia	1	Computer Science (all)	None
Embedded robotics (third edition): Mobile robot design and applications with embedded systems	2008	Embedded Robotics (Third Edition): Mobile Robot Design and Applications with Embedded Systems	This book presents a unique examination of mobile robots and embedded systems, from introductory to intermediate level. It is structured in three parts, dealing with Embedded Systems (hardware and software design, actuators, sensors, PID control, multitasking), Mobile Robot Design (driving, balancing, walking, and flying robots), and Mobile Robot Applications (mapping, robot soccer, genetic algorithms, neural networks, behavior-based systems, and simulation). The book is organized for ease of use, with side-texts, and lots of figures, photographs, and worked example programs. A complementary web site offers free download of the RoBIOS operating system, example programs, online documentation, and a simulator. The book is written as a text for courses in computer science, computer engineering, IT, electronic engineering, and mechatronics, as well as a guide for robot hobbyists and researchers.  2008, 2006, 2003 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg. All rights are reserved.	Book	b	bk	Book	Australia	54	Computer Science (all)	None
Active sensor planning for multiview vision tasks	2008	Active Sensor Planning for Multiview Vision Tasks	Vision sensors have limited fields of views and can only "see" a portion of a scene from a single viewpoint. To make the entire object visible, the sensor has to be moved from one place to another around the object to observe all features of interest, which brings a multiview vision task that has to be solved by means of active perception. The sensor planning presented in this book describes some effective strategies to generate a sequence of viewing poses and sensor settings for optimally completing a perception task. Several methods are proposed to solve the problems in both model-based and nonmodel-based vision tasks. For model-based applications, the method involves determination of the optimal sensor placements and a shortest path through these viewpoints for automatic generation of a perception plan. For nonmodel-based applications, the method involves determination of the best next view and sensor settings, to incrementally acquire the object information and to find geometrical cues to predict the unknown portion of an object or environment. The ten chapters in Active Vision Planning draw on recent work in robot vision over ten years, particularly in the use of new concepts of active sensing, reconfiguration, recalibration, sensor modeling, sensing constraints, sensing evaluation, viewpoint decision, sensor placement graph, model based planning, path planning, planning for robot in unknown environment, dynamic 3D construction, surface prediction, etc. Implementation examples are also provided with theoretical methods for testing in a real robot system. With these optimal sensor planning strategies, this book will give the robot vision system the adaptability needed in many practical applications.  2008 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	bk	Book	China	66	Engineering (all)	None
Context-based design of robotic systems	2008	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	The need for improving the robustness, as well as the ability to adapt to different operational conditions, is a key requirement for a wider deployment of robots in many application domains. In this paper, we present an approach to the design of robotic systems, that is based on the explicit representation of knowledge about context. The goal of the approach is to improve the system's performance, by dynamically tailoring the functionalities of the robot to the specific features of the situation at hand. While the idea of using contextual knowledge is not new, the proposed approach generalizes previous work, and its advantages are discussed through a case study including several experiments. In particular, we identify many attempts to use contextual knowledge in several basic functionalities of a mobile robot such as: behavior, navigation, exploration, localization, mapping and perception. We then show how re-designing our mobile platform with a common representation of contextual knowledge, leads to interesting improvements in many of the above mentioned components, thus achieving greater flexibility and robustness in the face of different situations. Moreover, a clear separation of contextual knowledge leads to a design methodology, which supports the design of small specialized system components instead of complex self-contained subsystems.  2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Cognitive robotics,Contextual knowledge and reasoning,System architecture
Electric drive system for automatic guided vehicles using contact-free energy transmission	2008	2008 13th International Power Electronics and Motion Control Conference, EPE-PEMC 2008	Four technologies, combining mainly innovative solutions, offer the possibility of clean and flexible vehicles, all using only electricity. The main common components are contact-free energy transmission, storage on super-capacitors, holonome axles integrating wheel-motors and automatic guiding. Moreover, the complete energetic chain is managed by power electronics. Their applications are mainly in the field of public and industrial transportation. Several applications are described: electric busses, automatic guided vehicles for container handling, automatic people movers and automatic surveillance vehicles.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Switzerland	4	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automotive application,Energy storage,Energy system management,Soft switching,Wireless power transmission
Control strategy of hybrid power system for Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle based on neural network optimization	2008	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Automation and Logistics, ICAL 2008	Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle has very good application foreground for it has some advantages, such as high efficiency and little emission, etc. In order to characterize the structure of hybrid power system for Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle, the project of parallel hybrid power system was brought forward, which consisted of Fuel Cell, NIH battery and DC/DC converter. The power flow of hybrid power system was analyzed, and besides , the issue for energy management of power system was converted to combinatorial optimization problem. The energy management strategy based on neural network optimization was designed by applying three-layer neural network optimization control structure and optimizing neural network connect weight via genetic algorithms. In the end, the simulation results were presented, which show the effectiveness of the control strategy, for it can improve economy performance of vehicles in comparison with fuzzy control strategy.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	15	Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering	Energy management strategy,Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle,Genetic algorithms,Hybrid power system,Neural network optimization
Modeling of helper robots in manufacturing systems using petri nets	2008	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Neural Networks	In this paper the Timed Petri Net (TPN) is used for modeling the operations of co-operative robots in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS). The effect of fault parameters and the number of co-operative robots -we call them the helpers- in the performance of the system is investigated. These special purpose robots are used to decrease the operation times, as well as to increase the total performance of the system. These robots perform the preliminary tasks on the waiting jobs (parts) in the wait lines or input buffers of machines. Also some Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used as material handlers between machines while performing some simple preliminary tasks during the material handling. Some subTPNs are used for modeling of FMS and helper robots, as special purpose robots. Simulation results show that by using the helpers, there will be a decrease of 23.7 percent in mean operation time of system, and a decrease of 25.4 percent in the mean waiting time of jobs at input buffers.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Software,Artificial Intelligence	None
Petri Nets based coordination of flexible autonomous guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing systems	2008	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper presents the Petri Nets based approachused to coordinate several flexible automated guided vehicles (AGVs) operating inflexible manufacturing systems (FMS). The on-board path planning and the way to configure the vehicles are the main features that differentiate flexible AGVs front traditional ones. These new characteristics enable them to recalculate routes for avoiding nonmodeled obstacles and reconfigure themselves easily by the definition of workplace after layout changes. In order to allow that the vehicles operate as a team, the coordination is based on threefold: i) task allocation under workcells demand, ii) Petri Nets based task execution for traffic control, and Hi) collision-free motion based on replanning and. a control policy for safety navigation. The interaction of some vehicles operating in the same area has been tested in a real industrial setting.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	4	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Localization in a wide range of industrial environments using relative 3D ceiling features	2008	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper presents a localization system for mobile robots that are able to navigate autonomously in industrial environments like factory and exhibition halls. Previous approaches show that ceiling structures like beams, pipes and lighting installation are wellsuited for self-localization in large halls. With this paper we describe how to use ceiling structures, measured with a 3D laser range sensor, as natural landmarks. Due to the novel relative representation of 3D ceiling features this method can be used in a wide range of industrial halls with sloped, stepped and even curved ceiling structures. In addition to this new algorithm the paper presents experimental results with an autonomous fork lift working without the need for artificial landmarks or extra infrastructure.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	8	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
A neural network multiagent architecture applied to fieldbus intelligent control	2008	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper presents a multiagent architecture applied to factory automation. These agents detect faults in process automation and allocate intelligent algorithms in field device function blocks to solve these faults. It is also present a dynamic function block parameter exchange strategy which allows agent fieldbus allocation. The objective is to enable problem detection activities independent of user intervention. The use of Artificial Neural Network (ANN)- based algorithms enables the agents to learn about fault problem patterns and adapt an algorithm that can be used in fault situations. With this, the intention is reduce supervisor intervention in selecting and implementing an appropriate structure of function block algorithms. These algorithms, when implemented in device function blocks, provide a solution at fieldbus level, reducing data traffic between gateway and device.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Design of dynamic petri recurrent-fuzzy-neural- network scheme for mobile robot tracking control	2008	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Neural Networks	This study focuses on the design of a dynamic Petri recurrent-fuzzy-neural- network (DPRFNN) control for the path tracking of a nonholonomic mobile robot. In the DPRFNN, the concept of a Petri net (PN) and the recurrent frame of internal feedback loops are incorporated into a traditional fuzzy neural network (FNN) to alleviate the computation burden of parameter learning and to enhance the dynamic mapping of network ability. Moreover, the supervised gradient descent method is used to develop the online training algorithm for the DPRFNN control. In order to guarantee the convergence of path tracking errors, analytical methods based on a discrete-type Lyapunov function are proposed to determine varied learning rates for DPRFNN. In addition, the effectiveness of the proposed DPRFNN control scheme under different moving paths is verified by numerical simulations, and its superiority is indicated in comparison with FNN, recurrent FNN (RFNN) and Petri FNN (PFNN) control systems.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Software,Artificial Intelligence	None
Fuzzy sliding-mode control of active suspensions	2008	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	In this paper, a robust fuzzy sliding-mode controller for active suspensions of a nonlinear half-car model is introduced. First, a nonchattering sliding-mode control is presented. Then, this control method is combined with a single-input-single-output fuzzy logic controller to improve its performance. The negative value of the ratio between the derivative of error and error is the input and the slope constant of the sliding surface of the nonchattering sliding-mode controller is the output of the fuzzy logic controller. Afterwards, a four-degree-of-freedom nonlinear half-car model, which allows wheel hops and includes a suspension system with nonlinear spring and piecewise linear damper with dry friction, is presented. The designed controllers are applied to this model in order to evaluate their performances. It has been shown that the designed controller does not cause any problem in suspension working limits. The robustness of the proposed controller is also investigated for different vehicle parameters. The results indicate the success of the proposed fuzzy sliding-mode controller.  2008 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	128	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Active suspensions,Fuzzy logic,Nonlinear half-car model,Sliding mode
Intelligent Variable Structure Control for Automated Guided Vehicle	2008	2008 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, CEC 2008	Aiming at Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) dynamic model characteristics, a Variable Structure Control based on genetic algorithm (GA) and least square-support vector machine (LS-SVM) was designed. Parameters, predetermined by conventional reaching law, were regulated by LS-SVM online. It was shown that system shattering is eliminated. Simulation results indicated that this method possesses the advantages of higher precision, greater adaptability and robustness, as compared to the conventional Variable Structure Control methods.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Theoretical Computer Science	None
Adapting genetic algorithm and tabu search approaches for unidirectional AGV flowpath design problems	2008	2008 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, CEC 2008	In this paper we suggest an evolutionary computational approach by applying a combination of a genetic algorithm and a tabu search to obtain a good solution for relatively large unidirectional automated guided vehicle flowpath design problems. Unidirectional flowpaths are used to lessen the traffic control loads for large fleets of vehicles and to increase the efficiency in use of space. The flow path design is one of the most important steps in efficient vehicle systems design. We use an genetic algorithm to obtain partially directed networks, which are then completed and afterwards improved by a tabu search. A set of computational experiments is conducted to show the efficiency of the proposed solution procedure and the results are reported.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Theoretical Computer Science	Genetic algorithm,Tabu search,Unidirectional flowpath design
An intelligent real-time monocular vision-based AGV system for accurate lane detecting	2008	Proceedings - ISECS International Colloquium on Computing, Communication, Control, and Management, CCCM 2008	An Intelligent vision-based Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system is presented in this paper. Embedded system and high performance algorithms are designed to accurately detect the artificial guide line and landmarks. Real-time two dimensional image captured by a CCD camera is processed by DSP (Digital Signal Processor), including filtering, segmenting and labeling connected component. Then the vision system calculates relative distance and slope of guide line. In case of docking, the vision system detects artificial landmarks number placed at the side of path. The simulating results of image processing on Matlab software and experimental results on NHV-1 AGV both demonstrate the algorithms are efficient and robust.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	8	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	None
An embedded vehicular controller with ARM and DSP for a vision-based AGV	2008	Proceedings - The 2008 International Conference on Embedded Software and Systems Symposia, ICESS Symposia	An embedded vehicular controller with a Real-Time Operating System (RTOS) uC/OS-II is designed and developed for a two-wheel differential driven Automated Guided Vehicle by Vision navigation (V-AGV) in this paper, in order to meet strict criteria on function, performance, cost and reliability, compared to its commercial counterpart of general purpose computer. The multi-processor embedded system with distributed architecture consists of a main-controller of vehicle management based on the ARM LPC2210, and a sub-controller of vision navigation based on the DSP TMS320DM642. The embedded RTOS uC/OS-II is used to construct a software development platform, on which different functions needed are described as several tasks, and a number of system services facilitate software realization. In the practical application of device reformation, a commercial AGV product is upgraded by the embedded vehicular controller we develop, on which a sophisticated algorithm of path tracking is implemented successfully and efficiently. The experimental result demonstrates the effectivity and advantages of the embedded multi-processor controller with the RTOS uC/OS-II presented in this paper versus its commercial competitor.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	7	Hardware and Architecture,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	ARM,Automated guided vehicle,DSP,Embedded system,Path tracking,uC/OS
An optimized fuzzy based short term object motion prediction for real-life robot navigation environment	2008	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Short term motion prediction for moving objects in a real life Robotic navigation environment involves uncertainty and temporal validity of the results.Prediction of accurate position of a moving object and responding with quick action are the main objectives of Robot motion planning. This paper proposes a novel algorithm for short term motion prediction involving a fuzzy based predictor. Because of the multi valued nature of the fuzzy logic, this approach enjoys high robustness in dealing with noisy and uncertain data. The knowledge captured by the Rulebase has been optimized by defining directional space. In the proposed work the predictor has been evaluated with three well known defuzzification techniques. Based on the analysis of results, it has been found that Mean Of Maximum defuzzification technique has lower response time and better accuracy. The predictor is tested for various motion patterns in real life environment.  2008 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Defuzzification,Directional space,Fuzzy predictor algorithm,Fuzzy rule base,Rule base optimization,Short term motion prediction
A framework of adaptive T-S type Rough-Fuzzy Inference Systems (ARFIS)	2008	IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems	The Rough-Fuzzy hybridization scheme has become of research interest in a variety of areas over the past decade. The present paper proposes a general framework for Adaptive T-S type Rough-Fuzzy Inference Systems (ARFIS) for many practical applications. Rough set theory is utilized to reduce the number of attributes and to obtain a minimal set of decision rules based on Input-output data sets. A T-S type fuzzy inference system is constructed by the automatic generation of membership functions and rules by the fuzzy c-means clustering algorithm and the rough set approach, respectively. The generated T-S type rough-fuzzy inference system is then adjusted by the least squares fit and the conjugate gradient descent algorithm towards better performance with a validity checking for the generated minimal set of rules. The proposed framework of ARFIS is able to reduce the number of rules which increases exponentially when more input variables are involved and also to assess the validity of the minimized decision rules. The performance of the proposed framework of ARFIS is compared with other existing approaches in a variety of application areas and shown to be very competitive.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	5	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	None
Petri net decomposition approach for the simultaneous optimization of task assignment and routing with automated guided vehicles	2008	4th IEEE Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, CASE 2008	In this paper, we propose a simultaneous optimization method for task assignment and routing problems for multiple AGVs by decomposition of Petri Nets. In the proposed method, the Petri Net is decomposed into several subnets for task subproblems and AGV subproblems. Each subproblem is solved by Dijkstra's algorithm. The solution of subproblem for each subnet is repeated until a feasible solution for the original problem is obtained. In this study, a new solution method for subproblems with no final marking is developed. The effectiveness of the proposed method is confirmed by comparing the performance with conventional methods. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Resource-oriented Petri net for deadlock avoidance in flexible assembly systems	2008	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	In many flexible assembly systems, base components are transported with pallets; parts to be mounted onto the base ones are transported by trays with no pallets. When an assembly operation is performed by using some parts in a tray but not all, the tray with the remaining parts still occupies a buffer space. In this way, an assembly/disassembly material flow is formed. In such a material flow, deadlock can occur both in the base component and part flow. Furthermore, the assembly operations can also result in a deadlock. Thus, it is a great challenge to tackle deadlocks in such processes. This paper models them using resource-oriented Petri nets. Based on the models, a deadlock control policy is proposed and proved to be computationally efficient and less conservative than the existing policies in the literature. An industrial case study is used to show the results.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	189	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Assembly systems,Automated manufacturing system,Deadlock avoidance,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net
A new parking control method for automatic guided vehicle	2008	Tongji Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Tongji University	A new parking control method is proposed to guide the parking of auto-guided vehicle (AGV) which has two working patterns: normal pattern and parking pattern, and is used for transporting containers in port. An optimal path from current place to ready-to-parking place is planned first; then FLC is used to guide AGV to follow the planned path; the control parameters within membership function are optimized by using genetic algorithm (GA) to reduce the tracking error between real running path and the planned path. Numerical results show that this method is feasible and effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	Automatic guided vehicle,Fuzzy logic control,Genetic algorithm,Optimization,Parking control
MultiAgent architecture for function blocks: Intelligent configuration strategies allocation	2008	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN)	This paper presents multiagent architecture which detects faults in process automation and allocates intelligent algorithms in field device function blocks to solve these faults. This architecture is a FIPA-standard based agent platform and was developed using JADE and Foundation Fieldbus technology. The main objective is to enable problem detection activities independent of user's intervention. The use of Artificial Neural Network (ANN) based algorithms, enables the agents to find out about problem patterns and to make decisions about which algorithm can be used in which situations. With this we intend to reduce the supervisor intervention to select and implement an appropriate structure of function blocks algorithms. Furthermore these algorithms, when implemented in device function blocks, provide a solution at fieldbus level, reducing data traffic between gateway and device, and speeding up the process of dealing with the problem. An example is demonstrated with a laboratory test process where fault scenarios have been imitated.2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	2	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	None
Multi-attribute dispatching method with dynamically adjustable weights for multirobot transportation systems	2008	Proceedings of the 2008 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2008	Task dispatching of the multirobot transportation systems requires using the system resources efficiently to complete tasks as specified, and it is a key issue for the managing and controlling of the multirobot transportation systems. In this paper, a multi-attribute dispatching approach with dynamically adjustable weights(AWMA) is proposed, which takes the load balance and deadlock avoidance into consideration according to the system resources. Firstly, the formal model of the system is specified according to the structure of the system. Secondly, the way to decide the weight for each attribute is described in detail, and then the dispatching procedure is given. Thirdly, to validate the effectiveness of our method, a simulation system of the multirobot transportation system is designed. Lastly, simulation experiments are conducted on a hypothetical system using the designed simulation system. Three commonly used dispatching methods are compared with the method we proposed. The simulation results show that the proposed method is better than other methods in cases when resources are scarce. It can be seen that the proposed method can make efficient use of the system resources, balance the load of each resource, and avoid deadlock.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Deadlock avoidance,Multi-attribute dispatching rule,Multirobot transportation system,Simulation system
An intelligent-optimal predictive controller for path tracking of Vision-based Automated Guided Vehicle	2008	Proceedings of the 2008 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2008	An original path tracking controller for a Vision-based Automated Guided Vehicle (V-AGV) is presented in this paper, containing a hybrid algorithm of intelligent-optimal predictive control and an actual embedded system. For a kinematics model in local coordinate, the aim of path tracking is to eliminate two path errors of distance and angle. The optimal predictive control via LQR is applied when path errors are small, which can reduce theoretically two path errors to zero synchronously and smoothly in the minimum steps. The intelligent predictive control imitating human driving is used when path errors are large, which can decrease two path errors quickly, and convert large errors into small errors harmoniously. The most remarkable features of the hybrid algorithm are realizable velocity output and excellent control performance in different conditions of path errors and velocities. An advanced embedded controller, consisting of two microcontrollers of DSP TMS320DM642 and ARM LPC2200, is developed to execute the hybrid algorithm of path tracking. The results of numerical simulations and tests on a practical V-AGV system both demonstrate the effectivity and advantages of the algorithm and controller presented in this paper.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	9	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Automated Guided Vehicle,Intelligent control,Optimal control,Path tracking,Predictive control
Multiple robots localization using large planar camera array for automated guided vehicle system	2008	Proceedings of the 2008 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2008	Vision based localization techniques in an intelligent environments have been well studied. But it still faces several difficulties, such as limited surveillance area, low response speed, relative high computation cost and so on. In this work, we create a large planar camera array which extremely extends the scope of surveillance area, and more precisely localizes robots with high response speed for AGV system. In this camera array system, color based tracking algorithm efficiently performs the task of localizing and identifying robots. A hybrid tracking algorithm intelligently controls the camera array and significantly reduces the redundancy of image data to be processed. Therefore, the whole camera array can be controlled by one normal PC rather than the expensive and powerful computer cluster or embedding the micro-processor into cameras. The system also can automatically re-calibrate cameras if the pose of camera changes during an accident. Experiments show the camera array consisting of 15 cameras can localize 5 robots with 20Hz∼60Hz.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	None
Optimal path planning for mobile robot navigation	2008	IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics	Some optimal path planning algorithms for navigating mobile rectangular robot among obstacles and weighted regions are presented. The approach is based on a higher geometry maze routing algorithm. Starting from a top view of a workspace with obstacles, the so-called free workspace is first obtained by virtually expanding the obstacles in the image. After that, an 8-geomerty maze routing algorithm is applied to obtain an optimal collision-free path with linear time and space complexities. The proposed methods cannot only search an optimal path among various terrains but also find an optimal path for the 2-D piano mover's problem with 3 DOF. Furthermore, the algorithm can be easily extended to the dynamic collision avoidance problem among multiple autonomous robots or path planning in the 3-D space.  2008 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	95	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	γ-Geometry maze router,Path planning,Piano mover's problem
A route planning method for multiple mobile sensor nodes	2008	Proceedings of INSS 2008 - 5th International Conference on Networked Sensing Systems	We have proposed a route planning method for a mobile sensor node using cost map. The proposed method achieves novel path planning that can solve several practical problems in conventional work: limitations of sensing areas, barricades on nodes' paths, and restrictions on nodes' movements. In this research, we propose a route planning method that can avoid collisions. Moreover, we also propose a query language to specify required sensing data. The proposed method effectively allocates multiple sensor nodes, and we show its effectiveness through simulation study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Energy consumption,Mobile sensor nodes,Query language,Route planning,Sensor networks
Routing and scheduling in multi-AGV systems based on dynamic banker algorithm	2008	2008 Mediterranean Conference on Control and Automation - Conference Proceedings, MED'08	In this paper we propose modified Banker's algorithm for routing and scheduling in multi-AGV systems. A mission path, determined by string algebra is executed in a way that some unsafe states are allowed in order to achieve better utilization of vehicles. Moreover, a method for splitting a mission path is proposed so that number of resources (arcs) needed for mission execution is gradually reduced which provides less restrictions on availability vector, thus allowing more traveling space for other vehicles. Results shown at the end of the paper demonstrate strength of the proposed method compared with standard Banker's algorithm.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	7	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Electric inductance sensor-based path recognition for the highly configurable path tracking of service robot	2008	Proceedings of the 17th IEEE International Symposium on Robot and Human Interactive Communication, RO-MAN	The electric inductance sensor is often used for automatic guided vehicles (AGV) owing to its high reliability that originates from the compactness of its line tracking. However, tracking a single line leads to the design problems in the path layout on a floor when there is a requirement to move in a highly configurable space. The limitation of a single and continuous line has restricted line tracking to simpler rather than more complex spaces in which a robot is required to execute various tasks and where a few crossways are included. In this paper, circular sensor arrays based on electric inductance are proposed for a service robot. This technique enables a robot to recognize the shape of a path using a clustering method and enables it to perform various local motions based on the relative position and orientation measured from the path on the ground.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	7	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Optimal control of a two-wheeled mobile robot via finite capacity communication channel	2008	2008 Mediterranean Conference on Control and Automation - Conference Proceedings, MED'08	This paper presents specific hardware and components which can be used to implement optimal control strategies via wireless communication channels to achieve path tracking. The position of the robot at each time instant Is found by implementing a localization algorithm. Simulations results are presented using robust and Linear Quadratic Gaussian (LQG) controller architectures. The overall aim of this research is the integration of the controller in a communication system where the sensor and/or reference information is transmitted via a channel with finite capacity.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Cyprus	4	Control and Systems Engineering	Localization,Mobile robot,Optimal control,Path tracking,Wireless control
Transporter scheduling under dynamic block transportation environment	2008	3rd International Conference on Innovative Computing Information and Control, ICICIC'08	This paper considers a transporter scheduling problem under dynamic block transportation environment in shipbuilding. In dynamic situations, there exist the addition or cancellation of block transportation requirements. The transportation of the blocks in the shipyard has some distinct characteristics. Some blocks are available to be picked up at a specific time during the planning horizon while some other blocks need to be delivered before a specific time. These requirements cause two penalty times: 1) delay time incurred when a block is picked up after a required start time, and 2) tardy time incurred when a block shipment is completed after the required delivery time. The blocks are located at different areas in the shipyard. The objective of this paper is to propose heuristic algorithms which minimize the weighted sum of empty transporter travel times, delay times, and tardy times. Four heuristic algorithms for transporter scheduling are proposed and their performance is evaluated through computational experiments.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Computer Science Applications,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Preview control for road following of vision guided intelligent vehicle	2008	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Chinese Journal of Mechanical Engineering	The vision-guided intelligent vehicle acquires the road information by machine vision, and follows the road automatically. Ordinary feedback control only uses the present road information, so the intelligent vehicle can hardly work efficiently in complicated or emergent conditions. By previewing the on-line acquired road information, future navigation information can be utilized in order to improve safety and efficiency. So road information is classified into present information and future information, and they can be used in feedback and preview respectively. A preview-feedback controller is designed. The controller can automatically adjust the preview distance and the vehicle speed according to the previewed road, so tracking accuracy and driving stability can be improved. The simulation and experiments show that this controller has better accuracy and stability than the ordinary feedback controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Feedback control,Intelligent vehicle,Preview control,Road following,Vision-guided navigation
Path following control for mobile robot based on machine vision in unstructured environment	2008	Beijing Gongye Daxue Xuebao / Journal of Beijing University of Technology	This paper addresses the problem of autonomous real-time navigation for agricultural robot in greenhouse environment. A novel path planning and tracking method based on fuzzy predictive control was proposed. The navigation preview point was acquired by image segmentation using trained neural network method, then the angle error and the lateral error can be calculated. When the angle error was less than 25 degrees, the robot driving wheels were differential controlled using the planning path which was a fitting circular curve based on predictive control. When the angle error was greater than 25 degrees, the driving wheels'speed was controlled by fuzzy controller. The experiments showed that the curve of path tracking was smooth using this method. The most tracking error was less than 5cm at the speed of 0.3 m/s.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Engineering (all)	Computer vision,Fuzzy control,Neural networks,Predictive control systems,Robots
A field-based versus a protocol-based approach for adaptive task assignment	2008	Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems	Task assignment in multi-agent systems is a complex coordination problem, in particular in systems that are subject to dynamic and changing operating conditions. To enable agents to deal with dynamism and change, adaptive task assignment approaches are needed. In this paper, we study two approaches for adaptive task assignment that are characteristic for two classical families of task assignment approaches. FiTA is a field-based approach in which tasks emit fields in the environment that guide idle agents to tasks. DynCNET is a protocol-based approach that extends Standard Contract Net (CNET). In DynCNET, agents use explicit negotiation to assign tasks. We compare both approaches in a simulation of an industrial automated transportation system. Our experiences show that: (1) the performance of DynCNET and FiTA are similar, while both outperform CNET; (2) the complexity to engineer DynCNET is similar to FiTA but much more complex than CNET; (3) whereas task assignment with FiTA is an emergent solution, DynCNET specifies the interaction among agents explicitly allowing engineers to reason on the assignment of tasks, (4) FiTA is inherently robust to message loss while DynCNET requires substantial additional support. The tradeoff between (3) and (4) is an important criteria for the selection of an adaptive task assignment approach in practice.  2008 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	16	Artificial Intelligence	Automatic Guided Vehicles, AGN,Extended Contract Net protocol,Gradient fields,Task assignment
An optimal layout of container yards	2008	OR Spectrum	This study presents a method for designing the layout of container yards where transfer cranes and yard trucks are used for stacking containers in the yard and delivering them between the yard and the quay. A method to determine the layout type, the outline of the yard, and the numbers of vertical and horizontal aisles is suggested. For estimating the effects of the design variables on operational cost terms, formulas for estimating the number of relocations by yard cranes and the expected travel distance of trucks are derived. Numerical examples are provided to illustrate the design procedure. It was also shown that the layout in which blocks are laid out parallel to the side with the gate or the quay outperforms that in which blocks are laid out perpendicular to the side with the gate or the quay.  2007 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	56	Management Science and Operations Research	Container terminals,Facilities planning and design,Yard layout
A systematic approach for supply chain conflict detection with a hierarchical Petri Net extension	2008	Omega	Coordinating and managing distributed entities in a supply chain is a challenging task due, in part, to conflicts present in such systems. If not handled effectively, the conflict can degrade the performance of the system as a whole due to the fact that each individual entity may be working towards goals that sub-optimize the integrated system. Therefore, the ability to discover conflicts would be a valuable asset, particularly if the discovery occurred proactively. This paper presents a methodology, extending the concept of basic Petri Nets, to discover supply chain conflict before they occur and cause detrimental effects to system performance. The approach involves linking hierarchical levels of the supply chain system and detecting conflicts occurring when the single entities, each optimized for it own operations, are combined together in a supply chain. These conflicts are not obvious or intuitive in examining the single entities of the supply chain, but when integrated the conflicts are discovered by the methodology. We applied the proposed methodology on a real-world supply chain to illustrate the validity of the tool. Although, further research is needed to fully explore this method of conflict detection, we believe that this research does indeed provide some much needed insight into the daunting task of conflict discovery and therefore proactive handling of these potentially negative occurrences in the supply chain.  2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	52	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Case application,Hierarchical Petri Net model,Supply chain conflicts,Supply chain management
A large planar camera array for multiple automated guided vehicles localization	2008	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	In this work, we create a large planar camera array in our intelligent environment. It extremely extends the scope of surveillance area, and more precisely localizes robots with high response speed for AGV system. In this camera array system, color based particle filter tracking algorithm efficiently performs the task of localizing and identifying robots. The tracking algorithm intelligently controls the camera array and significantly reduces the redundancy of image data to be processed. Therefore, the whole camera array can be controlled by one normal PC rather than the expensive and powerful computer cluster or embedding the micro-processor into cameras. An expansion resetting of particle filter makes our system also can automatically re-calibrate cameras if the pose of camera changes during an accident. Experiments show the camera array consisting of 15 cameras can localize 5 robots with 18Hz-54Hz.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Camera switch,Large planar camera array,Localization,Recalibration
Advances in assignment problem and comparison of algorithms	2008	Proceedings of the 27th Chinese Control Conference, CCC	Assignment Problem (AP) was well studied in the past 50 years, and is of great value in operations research and engineering. The Hungarian Method is one of the effective algorithms for the assignment problem. Although the assignment problem is well studied and a variety of algorithms are proposed, the efficiencies of the algorithms are never completely compared in the literature. In this paper, we summarize the properties of the assignment problem, and then survey its research history, add two new algorithms to existing classification, and compare the performances of these two algorithms with that of the Hungarian Method. The computational results show that the Hungarian Method can solve larger balanced assignment problems in engineering and is more efficient than the two algorithms involved, and the bidding algorithm is superior to solve unbalanced assignment problems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	10	Control and Systems Engineering	Assignment problem,Comparison of algorithms,The hungarian method
The new navigation system for automatic guided vehicle	2008	Chinese Control and Decision Conference, 2008, CCDC 2008	This paper designs a new navigation system for automatic guided vehicle (AGV). The system uses the CCD camera in front of the AGV to recognize and track the sign line on the ground, and to extract the position and the direction of the sign line. At the same time, the wheel encoders are used to get the running distance of the AGV. Finally, the DR algorithm can use the direction and the distance to calculate the accurate position of the AGV at real time. In the Track for sign line, the system utilizes the feed-back algorithm to optimize the performance of image processing and remove the shaking of AGV. In the summary, the novel navigation system can avoid the position error accumulated with time as general DR and cost lower; a plenty of examinations prove that the algorithm can efficiently improve the position precision.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering	Dead reckoning,Fuzzy controller,Machine vision,Navigation
Investigation of two-step commutated resonant matrix converter supplying a contactless energy transmission system	2008	PESC Record - IEEE Annual Power Electronics Specialists Conference	This paper investigates a novel matrix converter technology, the two-step commutated resonant matrix converter loaded with a contactless energy transmission system. Based upon a basic description of the converter, the built prototype and measurements are presented. While the main benefit of the used commutation strategy - the minimization of commutation steps and independence from the sign of the load current - could be proved, several parasitic elements influence the commutation and surprisingly lead to some soft-turn off of the semiconductors. Detailed investigations make the individual parasitics and their special influence visible. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Modeling and Simulation,Condensed Matter Physics,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
The automated guided vehicle problem in losses operations	2008	5th International Conference Service Systems and Service Management - Exploring Service Dynamics with Science and Innovative Technology, ICSSSM'08	In this paper, we introduce a model for designing a automatic guided vehicle system (AGVS) with multiple automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) operating under some given strategies and fixed layout. In our model, we take two cargoes into consideration, i.e. two cargoes entering AGVS. We make an assumption that we have known all the information about the first cargo already such as the entering entry and the leaving entry, but the information of the second one is random. Then we develop a two-stage stochastic program model for this problem. Because of its complexity , the optimal solution is difficult to obtain within a short time so that to get optimization is not operable in the real-world application. As a result, we adopt heuristic methods to solve it and do simulation to find useful insights.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Heuristic,Optimization,Stochastic program
A control system for automated multi-purpose vehicles for manufacturing applications	2008	Canadian Conference on Electrical and Computer Engineering	This paper presents a system to control Autonomously Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in a flexible manufacturing setting allowing numerous vehicles to make informed decisions amongst themselves as well as between the governing computer sys-tem(s). These decisions allow work order acceptance, path planning, navigation, and traffic management to be autonomously operated - rather than pre-programmed as are the traditional methods. This paper is mostly focused on the work order acceptance protocols, as this is the area which is of most benefit to a flexible manufacturing system. Some work on autonomous path planning is also involved, but since a guided system is still being used, this logic is limited to pre-set paths only. Such autonomy of the entire system would benefit a manufacturing setting by allowing the vehicles to be flexible in their work and ready upon command for whatever job the user requests. The vehicles are modeled using the Lego NXT Mindstorm kits to demonstrate the functionality of the communication protocols created through this paper.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	1	Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Coordinated robotic vehicles,Flexible manufacturing facility
The research of trailer scheduling based on the hybrid flow shop problem with blocking	2008	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	With the regard of trailer scheduling problem, the hybrid flow shop problem with blocking (HFS-B) was introduced to analyze the flow of container with different attributes (import container, export container) in order to describe and optimize trailer scheduling problem. The mathematics model that was described using HFS-B with attribute for trailer scheduling problem was setup. The four section chromosomes based on the coding of job form and machine form were constructed. The weight approach was introduced to solve multi-objective problem of trailer scheduling. At last an instance of trailer dynamic scheduling based on HFS-B with output container attribute was simulated and the outputting data were compared with the data of trailer static scheduling. It showed that the method could effectually solve the trailer scheduling problem.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	GA,Hybrid flow shop,Scheduling,Simulating,Trailer
Toward robotizing powertrain assembly	2008	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	This paper presents the recent progress of using robotics in automotive powertain assembly manufacturing processes. After briefly describing force control and Vision-Guided Robot (VGR), we introduce successful implementation of robotic assembly for transmission torque converters, VGR-based engine head assembly, transmission valve body assembly and engine piston installation. Then we discuss other robotic assembly related technologies such as visual servoing and assembly parameter optimization and followed by discussing assembly production line evolution such as the merging of Automated-Guided Vehicle (AGV). The successful model of collaborative development between Ford Advanced Manufacturing Technology Development (AMTD) and ABB Robotics is also mentioned and reviewed.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	16	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Force control,Industrial robot,Powertrain assembly,Vision-guided robot
A synchronization control strategy for multiple robot systems using shape regulation technology	2008	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	This article presents a synchronization control strategy, which can be applied to formation control of swarm of robots. A decentralized trajectory tracking controller is developed with feedback of both position and synchronization errors, formed with a combination of feedforward and feedback controls. It is proven that this tracking controller can asymptotically converge both position and synchronization errors to zero. Then a shape regulation technology concerning switching between formations is developed to help apply our control concept. Simulations are performed on a group of twenty fully-actuated mobile robots in switching tasks between some common shapes.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Formation,Mobile robots,Synchronization
Electric drive system for automatic guided vehicles using contact-free energy transmission	2008	Przeglad Elektrotechniczny	Four technologies, combining mainly innovative solutions, offer the possibility of clean and flexible vehicles, all using only electricity. The main common components are contact-free energy transmission, storage on super-capacitors, holonome axles integrating wheel-motors and automatic guiding. Moreover, the complete energetic chain is managed by power electronics. Their applications are mainly in the field of public and industrial transportation. Several applications are described: electric busses, automatic guided vehicles for container handling, automatic people movers and automatic surveillance vehicles.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Switzerland	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automotive application,Energy storage,Energy system management,Soft switching,Wireless power transmission
Pipeline landmark detection for autonomous robot navigation using time-of-flight imagery	2008	2008 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops, CVPR Workshops	3D imaging systems provide valuable information for autonomous robot navigation based on landmark detection in pipelines. This paper presents a method for using a time-of-flight (TOF) camera for detection and tracking of pipeline features such as junctions, bends and obstacles. Feature extraction is done by fitting a cylinder to images of the pipeline. Data in captured images appear to take a conic rather than cylindrical shape, and we adjust the geometric primitive accordingly. Pixels deviating from the estimated cylinder/cone fit are grouped into blobs. Blobs fulfilling constraints on shape and stability over time are then tracked. The usefulness of TOF imagery as a source for landmark detection and tracking in pipelines is evaluated by comparison to auxiliary measurements. Experiments using a model pipeline and a prototype robot show encouraging results.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	17	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Coordination of multiple AGVs in an industrial application	2008	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	In this paper we propose a methodology for coordinating a group of mobile robots following predefined paths in a dynamic industrial environment. Coordination diagrams are used for representing the possible collisions among the robots. Exploiting the structure of the industrial application we are dealing with, we propose an algorithm for efficiently composing the coordination diagram. Furthermore, we classify the possible collisions that can take place and the induced geometry of the resulting coordination diagram. Finally, we exploit this information for developing a planning algorithm that allows to coordinate the robots and to take into account unexpected events that can occur in an industrial environment. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	26	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A novell wireless forklift positioning system for indoor and outdoor use	2008	5th Workshop on Positioning, Navigation and Communication 2008, WPNC'08	Precise tracking of industrial transportation means - e.g. automatic guided vehicles, cranes, forklifts, etc. - is becoming increasingly important for optimizing logistics processes and storage management. Real time forklift tracking can supplement or replace RFID systems in applications where flexible storage is wanted, where real time information is needed or when item tagging is inappropriate due to costs or physical constrains. In this paper a high performance 5.8 GHz wireless forklift positioning system is introduced. Round-trip time-of-flight (RTOF) measurements provide a set of ID distance values between an arbitrary number of mobile and fixed secondary radar units attached to the forklift and to the infrastructure, respectively. With an optimized geometry based heuristic localization method the position and orientation of the forklift is derived. The proposed method can deal with faulty RTOF measurements, e.g. due to multipath distortions, and it enables a robust and reliable localization. The proposed RTOF system concept allows a minimal complexity of the infrastructure since no backbone network and no dedicated synchronization scheme is needed. An indoor test campaign with a forklift in a steel mill proved a measurement uncertainty of position and orientation below ±5 cm and ±10°, respectively, even without the use of any assisting inertial or dead reckoning sensors. This outstanding performance makes the system ideally suited for various applications in production, logistics and storage. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	11	Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Communication	Extended kalman filter,Location and tracking,Parameter estimation,Radio navigation,Vehicle tracking
Throughput performance analysis for closed-loop vehicle-based material handling systems	2008	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	A computationally effective analysis of the throughput performance of a closed-loop multi-vehicle automated material handling system (AMHS) used in highly automated 300 mm wafer fabrication facilities (fabs) is presented. A probabilistic model is developed, based on a detailed description of AMHS operations, and the system is analyzed as an extended Markov chain. The model represents vehicle operations on the closed-loop considering the possibility of vehicle blocking. This analysis provides essential parameters such as the vehicle blocking probabilities and the throughput capacity of the AMHS. A numerical example is analyzed and simulated using AutoMod to demonstrate and validate the stochastic model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	11	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Blocking,Markov chains,Material handling,Semiconductor manufacturing
Determining aisle structures for facility designs using a hierarchy of algorithms	2008	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	This paper introduces a tractable methodology for finding practical aisle structures for a facility for a given flexible bay block layout. The proposed methodology begins with a heuristic to identify candidate horizontal and vertical aisles using user guidance for the general form of the aisles. There then follows an enumeration algorithm that determines the final aisle structure. Using the calculated aisle structure, a non-linear programming model adjusts departmental areas and shapes to accommodate straight aisles. Finally, input/output points are sited using a genetic algorithm. Together, these algorithms specify a reasonable aisle structure and define the material flow through the facility. Two variations of the problem are solved-one with a limit on the total aisle distance and one with a cost per unit aisle length. The effectiveness of the proposed methodology is demonstrated on test problems with 20 and 50 departments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	8	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Aisle,Aisle construction,Facility layout design,Genetic algorithms,Heuristic
A polling-based dynamic order picking system for online retailers	2008	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	One of the challenging questions that online retailers are currently facing is how to organize the logistic fulfillment processes both during and after a transaction has taken place. As new information technologies become available that allow picking information to be conveyed in real time and with the ongoing need to create greater responsiveness to customers, there is increasing interest in applying dynamic picking in the warehouses of online retailers. In a Dynamic Picking System (DPS), a worker picks orders that arrive in real time during the picking operations and the picking information can dynamically change in a picking cycle. Models to describe and analyze such systems via stochastic polling theory are presented and closed-form expressions for the order line waiting times in a DPS are derived. These analytical results are verified by simulation. It is shown that the application of polling-based picking can generally lead to shorter order throughput times and higher on-time service completion ratios than traditional batch picking systems using optimal batch sizes. It is demonstrated that the proposed analysis method can be applied to minimize warehouse cost and improve service.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	50	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dynamic order picking system,Facility logistics,Online retailer,Warehousing
A space-time network optimization model for traffic coordination and its evaluation	2008	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Sensor Networks, Ubiquitous, and Trustworthy Computing	In transportation systems, the existing infrastructure can potentially be used more efficiently by deploying intelligent net-centric solutions that coordinate vehicles and traffic signals in real-time. For capacity planning and assessing the cost/benefit tradeoffs of intelligent net-centric coordination infrastructures, it is essential to determine the performance of optimal solutions, i.e., the best possible traffic flow that can be achieved. Given the scale and complexity of transportation systems, it may not be feasible to actually achieve these optimal performances in practice. However, if the results show that substantial improvements are possible by simply using the current physical roadway infrastructures more effectively, then one can justify the cost of deploying intelligent vehicle/traffic-light coordination systems. In this paper, we demonstrate these concepts through a case study of scheduling vehicles on a grid of intersecting roads. We develop heuristic algorithms and an optimization model using the space-time network for this problem, and compare them. Moreover, we also compare the space-time network modeling technique with the integer programming optimization approach and show that the former is better for modeling traffic coordination systems.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Engineering (all)	None
Multi AGV path planning in unknown environment using fuzzy inference systems	2008	2008 3rd International Symposium on Communications, Control, and Signal Processing, ISCCSP 2008	Path planning is one of the most important fields of research in the area of robotics. In this paper, a path planning method for a certain type of wheeled mobile robots called Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) is proposed. The proposed model applies fuzzy control techniques to navigate multi AGVs in an unknown environment to reach a certain destination. In addition, a new method for escaping local minimums, which may be very critical issue faced by an AGV in an unknown environment, and avoiding collisions is introduced. Also for better navigation, the trajectory of AGV have been saved, after finding the destination, the other AGVs can use this path for finding the destination. Simulation results show satisfactory performance of the proposed method. 2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	6	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Signal Processing,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Dynamic analysis of AGV control under dead-reckoning algorithm	2008	Robotica	In this paper, dead-reckoning localization errors for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in indoors quasi-structured environments are studied. Based on error ellipse localization analysis, dead-reckoning errors arising from mismatched AGV wheels radius are investigated. The dynamic model for a differential-drive AGV type with mismatched wheels radius is also derived. The developed rationale shows that sensor fusion is a key feature for minimizing AGV localization errors. Two simulation scenarios and one experiment are presented to show system performance under AGV proportional-derivative (PD)-type control.  2008 Cambridge University Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	7	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	AGV control,Dead-reckoning,Localization,Measurement error analysis,Simulation
A three-phase heuristic algorithm for fixed-charge capacitated material flow network design with input/output points location	2008	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, we consider the material flow network design problem in which locations of input and output points of departments and flow paths are determined concurrently on a given block layout. The objective of the problem is to minimize the sum of transportation cost, flow paths construction cost and penalty cost for non-smooth material flows, i.e., flows with turns. A mixed integer programming model is given for the problem and a three-phase heuristic algorithm is developed to solve the problem. In the suggested algorithm, we generate an initial flow network by determining locations of input/output points and flow paths sequentially in the first and second phases, respectively, and then improve it by changing locations of input/output points and flow paths iteratively in the third phase. To evaluate the performance of the suggested algorithms, a series of computational experiments are performed on well-known problem instances as well as randomly generated test problems. Results of computational experiments show that the suggested algorithm gives good solutions in a short computation time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Heuristic algorithm,Material flow network design,Mixed integer program
Cycle-deadlock control of RGVs in autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems	2008	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To avoid the cycle-deadlock of the Rail-Guided Vehicles (RGVs) systems in Autonomous Vehicle Storage and Retrieval Systems (AVS/RS), a deadlock control modeling method based on Petri nets and directed graph was proposed. The dynamic model of AVS/RS was constructed by using Colored Timed Petri Nets (CTPN). And by using directed graph tools, the cycle-deadlock was described. To deal with RGVs systems with single rail and two directions, forms of cycle-deadlock were also discussed. Moreover, the necessary and sufficient conditions for RGVs deadlock-free were presented, and the deadlock-free control policies including critical state were also proposed. Finally, a case study was given to validate the effectiveness of the proposed policy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems,Colored timed Petri nets,Cycle-deadlock,Directed graph,Rail-guided vehicles systems
Autonomous vehicle based in cooperative GPS and inertial systems	2008	Robotica	A system including Global Positioning Systems (GPS) and digital cartography is a good solution to carry out vehicle's guidance. However, it has inconveniences like high sensibility to multipath and interference when the GPS signal is blocked by external agents. Another system is mandatory to avoid this error. This paper presents a cooperative system based on GPS and Inertial Navigation Systems (INS) for automated vehicle position. The control system includes a decision unit to choose which value is the correct. In case GPS is working at top precision, it takes the control. On the other part, GPS signal can be lost and inertial control system guides the car in this occasion. A third possibility is contemplated: we receive the signal from GPS but the accuracy is over one meter. Now, position value is obtained by means of both systems. Experimental results analyze two situations: guidance in an urban area where GPS signal can be occluded by buildings or trees during short time intervals and the possibility of loss of the signal in long time to simulate the circulation in tunnels. Good results have been observed in tests and it demonstrates how a cooperative system improves the automated vehicle guidance.  2008 Cambridge University Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	82	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles,Global positioning systems,Inertial measurement unit,Intelligent transportation systems
Improving port container terminal efficiency with the use of Markov theory	2008	Maritime Economics and Logistics	The significance of using efficient ports in modern supply chains cannot be overstated. Gantry cranes are key elements of superstructure in port container terminals, as they are placed in the ship-berth interface. In this paper, Markov theory and reliability models are used for the estimation of the associated risks and costs that can result in delays due to machinery breakdowns in container terminals. The aim of this study is to estimate the risk of delays and the economic consequences for not only the container terminals, but for their users as well. Results show that Markov theory assists not only in the estimation of economic consequences of gantry crane breakdowns, but enables management to focus on problematic areas in terminal operations and to take the necessary decisions for their solution.  2008 Palgrave Macmillan All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	12	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	Container terminal,Gantry crane,Markov theory,Port,Stochastic modelling
Simulation-based approaches towards congestion problems	2008	Proceedings - 2nd Asia International Conference on Modelling and Simulation, AMS 2008	A simulation-based approach provides a hint to study a solution to various problems. To show the feasibility of this approach in our research, this paper focuses on the congestion problems which can be found in various fields, including service counters at peak times, cafeteria at lunch times, road traffics in rush hours, and logistics control in a tight schedule. Ticket counter simulation was studied and implemented as a web-based simulation program. Human crowds control simulation and traffic simulation model were implemented with a general simulator, and evaluation on these models were studied to propose a solution to the congestion problems. Logistics control simulation was studied using an agent-based framework. Reviewing all of these application examples, this paper shows how the simulation-based approaches work towards congestion problems.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Computer Science Applications,Software,Modeling and Simulation	None
Improved empty vehicle balancing in automated material handling systems	2008	Proceedings - UKSim 10th International Conference on Computer Modelling and Simulation, EUROSIM/UKSim2008	The use of automated guided vehicles in high-tech industries such as the semiconductor industry results, due to the size of such factories, in highly complex rail-networks. In contrast to the routing of vehicles that are transporting a lot to its destination, the scheduling of empty vehicles is an inadequate examined problem. This poster is dealing with the issue of empty vehicle balancing and the related search of dynamic parking positions during the planning phase of simulation. The results presented help to improve the factory performance by reducing the overall delivery times in automated material handling systems.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Computational Mechanics	None
A passive approach to autonomous collision detection and avoidance in uninhabited aerial systems	2008	Proceedings - UKSim 10th International Conference on Computer Modelling and Simulation, EUROSIM/UKSim2008	A new approach to passive detection and avoidance of collision and near-collision with moving obstacles by Uninhabited Aerial Systems (UAS) is proposed in this paper. It takes as inputs the bearings between the ownship and the moving obstacles (intruders) only. Bearings can be measured by passive sensors such as millimetre-wave (mmW) or infra-red (IR) imaging thus adding an important aspect of covertness. The first stage of the approach deals with the detection of the moving obstacle (intruder) and is called collision risk estimator (CRE). The proposed novel approach estimates the risk of collision based on the density of consecutive bearings (constant bearings correspond to high risk and variation in bearings corresponds to low risk). The approach is recursive and thus makes possible to take as many past values of the bearings as practically needed without memorising them. Once a collision is detected, in the second stage of the approach, a decision is taken whether an emergency collision avoidance manoeuvre is necessary or a smoother and optimal (in terms of minimum time) rerouting can take place (de-confliction). The decision which of the two possible alternative avoidance actions is going to be taken can be based on the estimated 'time-to-collision' or on the degree of risk and is outside of the scope of the current paper. Emergency collision avoidance manoeuvres are taken in accordance to the Rules of the Air (RoA) and are limited by the ownship kinematic and aerodynamic characteristics only. Optimal re-routing provides a trajectory and the sequence of control actions that are necessary to be taken to ensure this trajectory of the ownship. As a whole, the above stages provide a new approach to passive detection and avoidance (in an optimal fashion) of moving obstacles (intruders) based on bearings only provided by passive sensors.  2008 Crown Copyright.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	25	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Computational Mechanics	None
Design and field testing of an autonomous underground tramming system	2008	Springer Tracts in Advanced Robotics	This paper describes the design, implementation, and field testing of an infrastructureless system for autonomous tramming (or hauling) of a center-articulated underground mining vehicle. Described is the development of a fast, reliable, and robust "autotramming" technology that does not require the installation of fixed infrastructure throughout the mine.  2008 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	None
Intelligent transportation systems: Automated guided vehicle systems in changing logistics environments	2008	AIP Conference Proceedings	The usage of Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) is growing. This has not always been the case in the past. A new record of the sells numbers is the result of inventive developments, new applications and modern thinking. One market that AGVS were not able to thoroughly conquer yet were rapidly changing logistics environments. The advantages in recurrent transportation with AGVS used to be hindered by the needs of flexibility. When nowadays managers talk about Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) there is no reason not to consider AGVS. Fixed guidelines, permanent transfer stations and static routes are no necessity for most AGVS producers. Flexible Manufacturing Systems can raise profitability with AGVS. When robots start saving billions in production costs, the next step at same plants are automated materials handling systems. Today, there are hundreds of instances of computer-controlled systems designed to handle and transport materials, many of which have replaced conventional human-driven platform trucks. Reduced costs due to damages and failures, tracking and tracing as well as improved production scheduling on top of fewer personnel needs are only some of the advantages.  2008 American Institute of Physics.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Applications,Automated guided vehicle systems,Worldwide developments
Addition and deletion of agent memories to realize autonomous decentralized manufacturing systems	2008	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper describes a method to control Autonomous decentralized Flexible Manufacturing System (AD-FMS) by using a memory to determine a priority ranking for competing hypotheses. The aim is to increase the reasoning efficiency of a system the author calls reasoning to anticipate the future (RAF) which controls automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) in AD-FMSs. The system includes memory data of past production conditions and AGV actions. Using these memory data, the system reorders hypotheses by giving the highest priority ranking to the hypothesis that is most likely to be true. The system was applied to an AD-FMS that was constructed on a computer. The results showed that, compared with conventional reasoning, this reasoning system reduced the number of hypothesis replacements until a true hypothesis was reached.  2008 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Autonomous Decentralized System,FMS,Intelligent Systems,Multi-Agent Systems,Planning and Scheduling,Production Planning,Production Systems
Partitioning machines in tandem AGV systems based on "balanced flow strategy" by simulated annealing	2008	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	A tandem automated guided vehicle (AGV) system deals with grouping workstations into some non-overlapping areas and assigning to each area exactly one AGV. This paper presents a new non-linear integer mathematical model to group n machines into N loops to minimize both inter-loop and intra-loop flow simultaneously based on balanced-loops strategy and inter-machine flows taken from ideas of cellular manufacturing systems. Due to computational difficulties of exact methods in solving the proposed model, a simulated annealing (SA) algorithm is proposed. A number of test problems are generated at random and solved by the proposed SA in order to show the efficiency of the algorithm. Finally, the results are reported by both the Lingo software and the proposed SA algorithm.  2007 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Balanced flow strategy,Machine grouping,Mathematical programming,Simulated annealing,Tandem AGV
Scheduling flexible manufacturing system with AGVs using Petri nets	2008	Journal of Computational Information Systems	Material handling system play an important role in a flexible manufacturing system, and AGVs has been chosen to implement truly flexible material handling system for cost saving. Managing AGVs and product route become a challenging problem. In this paper, AGV system is modeled by Petri net. AGVs and FMS are taken into account as a whole, and its Petri net model is constructed. A algorithm is proposed to generate schedules for machines and AGVs simultaneously. It can not only give optimal operation sequence of product for each job, but also give feasible route for AGVs. Illustrative example show that the algorithm can obtain optimal scheduling result while avoiding deadlock of FMS and collision of AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles system,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net,Scheduling
Adaptive scheduling and tool flow control in flexible job shops	2008	International Journal of Production Research	The recent manufacturing environment is characterized as having diverse products due to mass customization, short production lead-time, and ever-changing customer demand. Today, the need for flexibility, quick responsiveness, and robustness to system uncertainties in production scheduling decisions has dramatically increased. In traditional job shops, tooling is usually assumed as a fixed resource. However, when a tooling resource is shared among different machines, a greater product variety, routing flexibility with a smaller tool inventory can be realized. Such a strategy is usually enabled by an automatic tool changing mechanism and tool delivery system to reduce the time for tooling set-up, hence it allows parts to be processed in small batches. In this paper, a dynamic scheduling problem under flexible tooling resource constraints is studied and presented. An integrated approach is proposed to allow two levels of hierarchical, dynamic decision making for job scheduling and tool flow control in flexible job shops. It decomposes the overall problem into a series of static sub-problems for each scheduling horizon, handles random disruptions by updating job ready time, completion time, and machine status on a rolling horizon basis, and considers the machine availability explicitly in generating schedules. The effectiveness of the proposed dynamic scheduling approach is tested in simulation studies under a flexible job shop environment, where parts have alternative routings. The study results show that the proposed scheduling approach significantly outperforms other dispatching heuristics, including cost over time (COVERT), apparent tardiness cost (ATC), and bottleneck dynamics (BD), on due-date related performance measures. It is also found that the performance difference between the proposed scheduling approach and other heuristics tend to become more significant when the number of machines is increased. The more operation steps a system has, the better the proposed method performs, relative to the other heuristics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptive scheduling,Network flow problem,Rolling horizon,Tool sharing
A parametric fuzzy logic approach to dynamic part routing under full routing flexibility	2008	Computers and Industrial Engineering	Manufacturing flexibility is a competitive weapon for surviving today's highly variable and volatile markets. It is critical therefore, to select the appropriate type of flexibility for a given manufacturing system, and to design effective strategies for using this flexibility in a way to improve the system performance. This study focuses on full routing flexibility which includes not only alternative machines for operations but also alternative sequences of operations for producing the same work piece. Upon completion of an operation, an on-line dispatching decision called part routing is required to choose one of the alternatives as the next step. This study introduces three new approaches, including a fuzzy logic approach, for dynamic part routing. The fuzzy part routing system adapts itself to the characteristics of a given flexible manufacturing system (FMS) installation by setting the key parameters of the membership functions as well as its Takagi-Sugeno type rule base, in such a way to capture the bottlenecks in the environment. Thus, the model does not require a search or training for the parameter set. The proposed approaches are tested against several crisp and fuzzy routing algorithms taken from the literature, by means of extensive simulation experiments in hypothetical FMS environments under variable system configurations. The results show that the proposed fuzzy approach remains robust across different system configurations and flexibility levels, and performs favourably compared to the other algorithms. The results also reveal important characteristic behaviour regarding routing flexibility.  2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	26	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Dynamic part routing,Flexible manufacturing systems,Flexible process plan,Fuzzy logic,Processing flexibility,Routing flexibility
Agvs distributed control subject to imprecise operation times	2008	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	The subject matter of the study are the automated guided vehicle (AGV) operation synchronization mechanisms in flexible manufacturing systems, where transport processes can be modeled as a system of cyclic concurrent processes sharing common resources, i.e., some preset travelling route intervals. In this paper the problem of determination of the local rules coordinating access of the vehicles to the shared travel route intervals, ensuring the deadlock-free execution of the repetitive processes was reduced to determination of the sufficient conditions. In that context the problem considered can be seen as a problem of multi-agent coordination, and defined as the constraint satisfaction problem (CSP) subject to precise and imprecise operation times, and then solved with use of the logic programming techniques.  2008 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	13	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Constraints logic programming,Deadlock avoidance,Fuzzy set,Knowledge engineering,Scheduling
Automatic guided vehicle variable structure control based on genetic algorithm and least square-support vector machine	2008	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	In order to advance automated guide vehicle (AGV) control, a variable structure AGV control method based on genetic algorithm (GA) and least square-support vector machine (LS-SVM) was proposed. Parameters, which were determined previously in the conventional reaching law, were regulated adaptively by GA and LS-SVM. It is shown that all advantages of conventional reaching law are retained, meanwhile the control features of the control system are improved effectively and system chattering is eliminated. System can move perfectly on the sliding-mode surface. Theoretic analysis and simulation results prove the validity of the method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Discrete reaching law,Genetic algorithm (GA),Least Square-Support vector machine (LS-SVM),Variable structure control
Stochastic modeling of an automated guided vehicle system with one vehicle and a closed-loop path	2008	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	The use of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in material-handling processes of manufacturing facilities and warehouses is becoming increasingly common. A critical drawback of an AGV is its prohibitively high cost. Cost considerations dictate an economic design of AGV systems. This paper presents an analytical model that uses a Markov chain approximation approach to evaluate the performance of the system with respect to costs and the risk associated with it. This model also allows the analytic optimization of the capacity of an AGV in a closed-loop multimachine stochastic system. We present numerical results with the Markov chain model which indicate that our model produces results comparable to a simulation model, but does so in a fraction of the computational time needed by the latter. This advantage of the analytical model becomes more pronounced in the context of optimization of the AGVs capacity which without an analytical approach would require numerous simulation runs at each point in the capacity space.  2008 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Downside risk,Markov chains,Quality-of-service (QoS)
Automated guided vehicle self-adaptive variable structure control based on genetic algorithm	2008	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	In order to advance automated guided vehicle(AGV) control, a variable structure AGV control method based on genetic algorithm(GA) was proposed. Parameters, which were determined previously in the conventional reaching law, were regulated adaptively by GA. It is shown that all advantages of conventional reaching law are retained, meanwhile the control features of the control system are improved effectively. System can move perfectly on the sliding-mode surface. Theoretic analysis and experiment results prove the validity of the method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Discrete reaching law,Genetic algorithm,Self-adapting,Variable structure control
Single neuron PID control of AGV steering system based on RBF neural network on-line identification	2008	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	Aiming at the characteristics of complexity, nonlinearity and time-variation in automated guided vehicle (AGV) steering system, a self-adaptive single neuron PID control is proposed based on RBF neural network on-line identification, which identifies the Jacobian matrix of steering system by means of RBF neural network identifier and acquires on-line tuning information of PID parameters. The self-tuning of the controller parameters is implemented by the single neuron controller, and the intelligent control of the system is achieved. Experiment result indicates that compared with conventional PID control method, the proposed control system possesses the advantages of high precision, great adaptability and robustness, and is feasible for AGV steering system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Instrumentation	Nonlinear control,Proportional Integral Derivative (PID),RBF neural network,Single neuron,Steering system
Utilising scripting language for unmanned and automated guided vehicles operating within row crops	2008	Computers and Electronics in Agriculture	A flexible high-level control language is an important element in the ongoing task of introducing automated guided vehicles (AGV) to new application domains. A new application domain is row crops, where small AGV's will perform weed control around individual crop plants. This paper defines the requirements and scope of a process- and behaviour-based scripting language needed to control the weeding AGV in an agricultural row crop. The goal is to traverse and cover the whole field with no human auxiliary input during the field operation. The basis is the transparent and tactical real-time control language (CL) for small mobile robots (SMR). This SMR-CL has been modified to include some necessary motion commands and a supplemental supervisory function to monitor and record the progressive coverage of the field. The control language was then tested by applying it to a scenario representing typical field conditions for row crops. The construction of a suitable SMR-CL script for use in a field clearly demonstrates the feasibility of adapting behaviour-based control systems to field structures. The conducted case study indicated the importance of including goal-directing modules. Such a module is described here as the 'supervisory field coverage monitor' (SFCM), which acts to coordinate the behaviours. The applicability of this modified SMR-CL has been successfully demonstrated using a vehicle test in a specially designed artificial row crop field. The analysis of the operational performance verified that it is possible to cover all rows in a field without conducting time-consuming planning procedures.  2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	8	Forestry,Agronomy and Crop Science,Computer Science Applications,Horticulture	Automated guided vehicles,Hybrid architecture,Row crops,Weeding
Bidding-based multi-agent system for integrated process planning and scheduling: A data-mining and hybrid tabu-SA algorithm-oriented approach	2008	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper conceptualizes a bidding-based multi-agent system for solving integrated process-planning and scheduling problem. The proposed architecture consists of various autonomous agents capable of communicating (bidding) with each other and making decisions based on their knowledge. Moreover, in contrast to the traditional model of integrated process-planning and scheduling problem, a new paradigm has been conceptualized by considering tool cost as a dynamic quantity rather than a constant. Tool cost is assumed to comprise tool-using cost and its repairing cost. The repairing cost is considered to depend on the tool-breaking probability, which is predicted by the data-mining agent equipped with the virtues of C-fuzzy decision tree. When a job arrives at the shop floor, the component agent announces a bid for one feature at a time to all the machine agents. Among the machine agents capable of producing the first feature, one comes forward to become a "leader", and groups other machine agents for the processing of remaining features of the job. Once all features are assigned to the appropriate machines, the leader then sends this allocation information to the optimization agent. The optimization agent finds optimal/near-optimal process plans and schedules via the hybrid tabu-SA algorithm.  2007 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	44	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	C-fuzzy decision trees,Dynamic tool cost,Hybrid tabu-SA algorithm,Integrated process planning and scheduling,Multi-agent system
Modeling and supervisory control of railway networks using petri nets	2008	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	In this paper, we deal with the problem of modeling railway networks with Petri nets so as to apply the theory of supervisory control for discrete event systems to automatically design the system controller. We provide a modular representation of railway networks in terms of stations and tracks including sensors and semaphores. We first ensure safeness and local liveness imposing both generalized mutual exclusion constraints and constraints also involving the firing vector. The detailed model used in this first step can be abstracted, considering a higher level description of a railway network that belongs to the class of ES2 PR (extended simple sequential process with resources) nets and show that global liveness may be enforced by adding appropriate monitor places designed using siphon analysis. In our approach, this can be done without an exhaustive computation of all siphons and we can characterize the cases in which the procedure can be recursively applied, giving a simple test for closed-loop net to remain an ES2 PR net.  2008 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	118	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Liveness,Monitors,Petri nets,Railway networks,Supervisory control
QoS-aware web service configuration	2008	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	With the development of enterprise-wide and cross-enterprise application integration and interoperation toward Web service, Web service providers try to not only fulfill the functional requirements of Web service users but also satisfy their nonfunctional conditions in order to survive in the competitive market. A hot research topic is how to configure Web services to meet their demand when the diversity of user requirements, distinction of service components' performance, and limitation of resources are considered. This paper builds a Web service configuration net based on Petri nets in order to exhibit Web service configurations in a formal way. Then, an optimal algorithm is presented to help choose the best configuration with the highest quality of service to meet users' nonfunctional requirements. Finally, the simulation results and related analysis prove the soundness and correctness of our model and algorithm.  2008 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	90	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Complex system,Discrete event system,Modeling and analysis,Optimization,Petri nets,Simulation,Web service
Intelligent control of mobility systems	2008	Studies in Computational Intelligence	The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Intelligent Control of Mobility Systems (ICMS) Program provides architectures and interface standards, performance test methods and data, and infrastructure technology needed by the U.S. manufacturing industry and government agencies in developing and applying intelligent control technology to mobility systems to reduce cost, improve safety, and save lives. The ICMS Program is made up of several areas including: defense, transportation, and industry projects, among others. Each of these projects provides unique capabilities that foster technology transfer across mobility projects and to outside government, industry and academia for use on a variety of applications. A common theme among these projects is autonomy and the Four Dimensional (3D + time)/ Real-time Control System (4D/RCS) standard control architecture for intelligent systems that has been applied to these projects. This chapter will briefly describe recent project advances within the ICMS Program including: goals, background accomplishments, current capabilities, and technology transfer that has or is planned to occur. Several projects within the ICMS Program have developed the 4D/RCS into a modular architecture for intelligent mobility systems, including: an Army Research Laboratory (ARL) Project currently studying onroad autonomous vehicle control, a Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) Learning Applied to Ground Robots (LAGR) Project studying learning within the 4D/RCS architecture with road following application, and an Intelligent Systems Ontology project that develops the description of intelligent vehicle behaviors. Within the standards and performance measurements area of the ICMS program, a Transportation Project is studying components of intelligent mobility systems that are finding their way into commercial crash warning systems (CWS). In addition, the ALFUS (Autonomy Levels For Unmanned Systems) project determines the needs for metrics and standard definitions for autonomy levels of unmanned systems. And a JAUS (Joint Architecture for Unmanned Systems) project is working to set a standard for interoperability between components of unmanned robotic vehicle systems. Testbeds and frameworks underway at NIST include the PRIDE (Prediction in Dynamic Environments) framework to provide probabilistic predictions of a moving object's future position to an autonomous vehicle's planning system, as well as the USARSim/MOAST (Urban Search and Rescue Simulation/Mobility Open Architecture Simulation and Tools) framework that is being developed to provide a comprehensive set of open source tools for the development and evaluation of autonomous agent systems. A NIST Industrial Autonomous Vehicles (IAV) Project provides technology transfer from the defense and transportation projects directly to industry through collaborations with automated guided vehicles manufacturers by researching 4D/RCS control applications to automated guided vehicles inside facilities. These projects are each briefly described in this Chapter followed by Conclusions and continuing work.  2008 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	United States	3	Artificial Intelligence	None
Development of a virtual manufacturing framework: From end-user performance requirements to robot competitions	2008	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	This paper presents the motivation behind the new joint NIST/IEEE Virtual Manufacturing Automation Competition (VMAC). This competition strives to take the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) user community driven requirements and turn them into a low-entry-barrier competition. The objectives, scoring, performance metrics, and operation of the competition are explained. In addition, the entry-barrier lowering infrastructure that is provided to competitors is presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Manufacturing,Performance metrics,Robot competition,Simulation
Routing algorithm for multiple AGVs with the undirected Petri net	2008	Xi'an Dianzi Keji Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Xidian University	The undirected Petri net is used to model the AGV system layout problem. A time-based reachable state graph is constructed by the time-window combined with the reachable state graph. The scheduling method is used to route the bidirectional AGV system, and the multiple AGVs routing problem is transformed into the single AGV routing problem in order to reduce problem complexity. A shortest time routing algorithm is proposed based on Best-first search, which determines the present state depending on the information of its next step path. By using this method, the shortest time route for each AGV can be found while avoiding deadlock, blocking and collision. Example results indicate that the algorithm can achieve a better optimal solution. This method can be used to deal with large scale systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Petri net,Routing,Time-window
Cooperative dispatching for minimizing mean flowtime in a dynamic flowshop	2008	International Journal of Production Economics	A new, cooperative job dispatching approach is presented to minimize the mean flowtime in dynamic flowshops. A dispatching decision taken at any machine is reached collectively through consultation with other machines, and conflicting priorities are resolved by employing a penalty-based procedure. Computer results indicate that the proposed cooperative dispatching gives improvements ranging between 1.5% and 11.4% over other dispatching rules, under different levels of shop congestion, and for flowshops possessing various combinations of intermediate FIFO (first-come first-served) and non-FIFO buffers.  2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Oman	16	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dispatching rules,Dynamic scheduling,Flowshop,Mean flowtime,Scheduling
Robot navigation by waypoints	2008	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	In this paper we propose a novel waypoint-based robot navigation method that combines reactive and deliberative actions. The approach uses reactive exploration to generate waypoints that can then be used by a deliberative system to plan future movements through the same environment. The waypoints are used largely to provide the interface between reactive and deliberative navigation and a range of methods could be used for either type of navigation. In the current work, an incremental decision tree method is used to navigate the robot reactively from the specified initial position to its destination avoiding obstacles in its path and a genetic algorithm method is used to perform the deliberative navigation. The new method is shown to have a number of practical advantages. Firstly, in contrast with many deliberative approaches, complete knowledge of the environment is not required, nor is it necessary to make assumptions regarding the geometry of obstacles. Secondly, the presence of a reactive navigator means it is always possible to continue directed movements in unknown or changing environments or when time constraints become particularly demanding. Thirdly, the use of waypoints allows escape from certain obstacle configurations that would normally trap robots navigated under the control of purely reactive methods. In addition, the results presented in this paper from a number of realistic simulated environments show that the adoption of waypoints significantly reduces the time to calculate a deliberative path.  2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	13	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Complex environment,Decision tree learning,Deterministic crowding,Mobile robotics,Robot navigation,Steady-state genetic algorithm,Waypoint identification
Conflict-free container routing in mesh yard layouts	2008	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	Container terminals play an important role in global cargo transportation and they have become an essential intermodal interface between the sea and the land. In the container terminal, the service area is often arranged into rectangular blocks, which leads to a mesh-like path topology. We present a mathematical model for general container routing in mesh yard layouts. Based on this model, a simple container routing algorithm guaranteeing freedom of conflicts is then presented. The algorithm works by carefully choosing suitable containers' speeds such that the containers using the same junction will arrive at different points in time, and hence incur no conflicts; meanwhile, high routing performance can be achieved. The task completion time and the requirements on timing control during the container routing are also presented. Numerical results verify that our routing scheme has good performance and is free of conflicts.  2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	20	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Conflict-free,Container,Mesh yard layout,Number theory,Routing algorithm,Time requirement
Adaptive vision-based control of a motor-toggle mechanism: Simulations and experiments	2008	Journal of Sound and Vibration	The dynamic motion of an adaptive visual servoing feedback-controlled punching machine, which is made up by a toggle mechanism driven by a permanent magnet (PM) synchronous servomotor, is studied numerically and experimentally. First, Hamilton's principle, Lagrange multiplier, geometric constraints and partitioning method are employed to derive its dynamic equations for numerical simulations. To satisfy the demand of the machine performance, adaptive controller by using stability analysis with inertia-related Lyapunov function is designed to control the slider responses. Different from the previous studies, the vision servo system of a non-contact measurement of a charge-coupled device (CCD) camera is employed to measure the shape patterns as output states instead of using the expensive linear scale or encoder of the motor-mechanism system. Finally, the stable and robust control performances of an adaptive controller by the Lyapunov stable theory for a motor-toggle mechanism with external disturbances are proposed. A combination of the visual servoing measurement system and the motion control system are established experimentally for the motor-toggle mechanism system. From the agreements between numerical simulations and experimental results, it is demonstrated that the proposed controller, by use of machine vision, is robust to external disturbances for a punching machine system.  2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	12	Condensed Matter Physics,Mechanics of Materials,Acoustics and Ultrasonics,Mechanical Engineering	None
The significance of deterministic empty vehicle trips in the design of a unidirectional loop flow path	2008	Computers and Operations Research	We consider the problem of designing an optimal unidirectional loop to serve manufacturing cells in an automated guided vehicle system. The layout is fixed, the edges on the boundaries of the manufacturing cells are candidates for the loop flow path. The nodes formed by the intersection of the edges on the boundaries of the cells are candidates for selection as pickup and delivery stations. The decisions to be made include which edges to select for the loop flow path, the orientation of flow on the loop, and where on the loop to locate the pickup and delivery stations for each cell. The objective of the previous models for this problem is minimization of loaded trip distances. The objective of our model is to minimize the total loaded and deterministic empty vehicle trip distances, i.e., to minimize the intensity of both loaded and empty trips on the loop times the length of the loop. This objective function is the main determinant of the fleet size of the vehicles, which in turn is the major driver of the total investment and operational costs of the system. The empty vehicle dispatching policy underlying our model is the shortest trip distance first. By creating a tight LP-relaxation, the optimal solution to the model that includes both empty and loaded trips is quickly found using general purpose optimization software. Our optimization results demonstrate that large cost savings often result from considering empty vehicle trips when designing a unidirectional loop flow path. By examining a large set of scenarios, we show that the total loaded and stochastic empty trips in a simulation environment is closely estimated by the objective function of our deterministic model. Furthermore, the stochastic trips in the simulation model for our optimal design never reaches the deterministic trips required by the loaded trip optimal design.  2006.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	18	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicle systems,Flow path and station location design,Material handling,The generalized traveling salesman problem
Dual track and segmented single track bidirectional loop guidepath layout for AGV systems	2008	European Journal of Operational Research	In this study, we develop integer programming models for simultaneous design of the guidepath track and location of the pickup and dropoff stations for automated guided vehicle systems. Two alternative bidirectional topologies are compared: a dual track loop, and a single track loop partitioned into non-overlapping segments, each served by a single vehicle. We show that the empty vehicle trips have a significant impact on the quality of design in both topologies. More importantly, we identify the difference between empty flow node balancing for a dual track loop with the empty flow edge balancing on a single track loop subject to segmentation. Our work presents an economic decision making model for the trade-off analysis between the costs associated with the additional shop floor space of a dual track loop and the increased vehicle fleet size of a segmented single track loop.  2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	20	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	AGVS,Facility design,Material handling,Segmented flow topology,Tandem configuration
Absolute positioning using redundant ultrasonic information fusion	2008	Huazhong Keji Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Huazhong University of Science and Technology (Natural Science Edition)	Aiming at weakness of the existing ultrasonic absolute positioning method and the ultrasonic propagation characteristic, the fusion method for redundancy ultrasonic information (FMRUI) is proposed. For different wave lagging errors, different strategies were used to revise the error. When the error of the receivers is identical, a variable was used to revise the error. Otherwise something must firstly be done to make the error to be identical. FMRUI can well eliminate the error about times of flight (TOF), moreover, it can give an estimation of the measurement accuracy. Finally, an experiment system is developed and the experiment results show that the FMRUI is effective and the positioning accuracy of 0.5 cm is obtained.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all)	Absolute positioning,Error about TOF,Error revising strategies,Mobile robot,Ultrasonic information fusion,Wave lagging error
Information fusion technology of GPS/DR integrated positioning system	2008	Jilin Daxue Xuebao (Gongxueban)/Journal of Jilin University (Engineering and Technology Edition)	An improved federated Kalman filter configuration was designed based on the analysis of the features of GPS/DR integrated positioning system. A conventional Kalman filter is used to process the information from the linear GPS sub-system, while an unscented Kalman filter is used to process the information from the nonlinear DR sub-system. The main filter makes the optimal estimation of the results from the sub-systems using the dynamic information-sharing coefficient, and compensates the error of DR sub-system to reduce the accumulative error of DR. The test results showed that the proposed algorithm meets the positioning request of the on-board navigation system and keeps a good reliability and a high positioning accuracy when the GPS positioning is poor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Multidisciplinary	Analysis with varied weight,Data fusion,Engineering of communication and transportation system,Federated filter,Integration of GPS/DR,Kalman filter
A Petri net method for schedulability and scheduling problems in single-arm cluster tools with wafer residency time constraints	2008	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	With wafer residency time constraints for some wafer fabrication processes, such as low pressure chemicalvapor deposition, the schedulability and scheduling problems are still open. This paper aims to solve both problems. A Petri net (PN) model is developed for the system. This model describes when the robot should wait and a robot wait is modeled as an event in an explicit way. Thus, to schedule a single-arm cluster tool with wafer residency time constraint is to decide how long a robot wait should be. Based on this model, for the first time, we present the necessary and sufficient conditions under which a single-arm cluster tool with residency time constraints is schedulable, which can be checked analytically. Meanwhile, a closed form scheduling algorithm is developed to find an optimal periodic schedule if it is schedulable. Also, a simple method is presented for the implementation of the periodic schedule for steady state, which is not seen in any previous work.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	185	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,Cluster tool,Petri nets (PN),Schedulability,Scheduling,Semiconductor manufacturing
On siphon computation for deadlock control in a class of Petri nets	2008	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	As a structural object, siphons are well recognized in the analysis and control of deadlocks in resource allocation systems modeled with Petri nets. Many deadlock prevention policies characterize the deadlock behavior of the systems in terms of siphons and utilize this characterization to avoid deadlocks. This paper develops a novel methodology to find interesting siphons for deadlock control purposes in a class of Petri nets, i.e., a system of simple sequential processes with resources (S3 PR). Resource circuits in an (S3 PR) are first detected, from which, in general, a small portion of emptiable minimal siphons can be derived. The remaining emptiable ones can be found by their composition. A polynomial-time algorithm for finding the set of elementary siphons is proposed, which avoids complete siphon enumeration. It is shown that a dependent siphon can always be controlled by properly supervising its elementary siphons. A computationally efficient deadlock control policy is accordingly developed. Experimental study shows the efficiency of the proposed siphon computation approach.  2008 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	112	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,Deadlock prevention,Elementary siphon,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net,Resource allocation system,Siphon
Prosthetic hand finger control using fuzzy sliding modes	2008	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	In order to improve the life quality of amputees, providing approximate manipulation ability of a human hand to that of a prosthetic hand is considered by many researchers. In this study, a biomechanical model of the index finger of the human hand is developed based on the human anatomy. Since the activation of finger bones are carried out by tendons, a tendon configuration of the index finger is introduced and used in the model to imitate the human hand characteristics and functionality. Then, fuzzy sliding mode control where the slope of the sliding surface is tuned by a fuzzy logic unit is proposed and applied to have the finger model to follow a certain trajectory. The trajectory of the finger model, which mimics the motion characteristics of the human hand, is pre-determined from the camera images of a real hand during closing and opening motion. Also, in order to check the robust behaviour of the controller, an unexpected joint friction is induced on the prosthetic finger on its way. Finally, the resultant prosthetic finger motion and the tendon forces produced are given and results are discussed.  2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	16	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Biomechanical,Fuzzy sliding mode control,Index finger,Tendon force
A simple metaheuristic approach to the simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles	2008	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper we address the problem of simultaneous scheduling of machines and vehicles in flexible manufacturing systems. The studied problem is a job shop where the jobs have to be transported between the machines by automatic guided vehicles. In addition to the processing of jobs, we consider the transportation aspect as an integral part of the optimization process. To deal with this problem, we propose a new solution representation based on vehicles rather than machines. Each solution can thus be evaluated using a discrete event approach. An efficient neighbouring system is then described and implemented into three different metaheuristics: iterated local search, simulated annealing and their hybridisation. Computational results are presented for a benchmark of 40 literature instances. New upper bounds are found for 11 of them, showing the effectiveness of the presented approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	67	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing systems,Job-shop problem,Metaheuristics,Neighbouring systems
Designing efficient methods for the tandem AGV network design problem using tabu search and genetic algorithm	2008	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	A tandem AGV configuration connects all cells of a manufacturing facility/plant by means of non-overlapping, single-vehicle closed loops. Each loop has at least one additional P/D station, provided as an interface between adjacent loops. This study describes the development of tabu search and genetic algorithm procedures for designing tandem AGV systems. The objective is to minimize the maximum workload of the system. Both algorithms have mechanisms to prevent solutions with intersecting loops. The new algorithms and the partitioning algorithm presented by Bozer and Srinivasan are compared using randomly generated test problems. Results show that for large-scale problems, the partitioning algorithm often leads to infeasible configurations with crossed loops in spite of its shorter running time. However the newly developed algorithm avoids infeasible configurations and often yields better objective function values.  2007 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Genetic algorithm,Tabu search,Tandem configuration
Orientation compensation method based on load characteristics for AGV	2008	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	A simple and practical method to measure the load of AGV(automated guided vehicle), which calculated the additional torque of the load through measuring longitudinal obliquity of AGV, was adopted. Dynamic theoretical analysis and mathematical model on a two-wheel-driven AGV have been completed. By experimental researches in working place, the compensation coefficient and the relationship between orientation angle and additional torque were obtained. The test results showed that trace tracking errors of AGV brought by longitudinal unsymmetrical loads could be eliminated to some extent by using this method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Obliquity measurement,Orientation compensation
Routing of linear motor based shuttle cars in the agile port terminal with constrained dynamic programming	2008	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	Linear motor (LM) based shuttle cars will play an important role in the future transportation systems of marine terminals to cope with increasing container flows. These systems are known as agile port terminals because of their significant advantages. However, routing for multiple shuttle cars is still an open issue. We present a network model of a container yard and propose constrained dynamic programming (DP) for its routing strategy with collision avoidance. The algorithm is a modified version of typical DP which is used to find an optimal path for a single traveler. We evaluate the new algorithm through simulation results for three shuttle cars in a mesh-type container yard.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Agile port terminal,Constrained dynamic programming,LMTT,Routing
Integrated scheduling of handling equipment at automated container terminals	2008	International Journal of Production Economics	To improve the productivities of an automated container terminal, it is important to schedule different types of handling equipment in an integrated way. A mixed-integer programming model, which considers various constraints related to the integrated operations between different types of handling equipment, is formulated. This study proposes a heuristic method, called multi-layer genetic algorithm (MLGA) to obtain the near-optimal solution of the integrated scheduling problem and an improved heuristic algorithm, called genetic algorithm plus maximum matching (GAPM), to reduce the computation complexity of the MLGA method. The performance of GAPM is also compared with that of the MLGA method.  2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	94	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated container terminal,Bipartite maximum matching,Genetic algorithm,Integrated scheduling
Lot release times and dispatching rule for a TFT-LCD cell process	2008	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	In this paper, the simulation analysis of the cell process in a thin film transistor-liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) manufacturing was analyzed, and the effects of the lot release times and dispatching rule were considered. Discrete-event simulation models were developed in an e-M Plant to study this system. The lot release times and dispatching rule based on minimum setup times was used in this system. In order to improve the system performance, a heuristic algorithm for lot release times and a queue time maximum un-matches (QTMU) dispatching rule for rubbing machines are proposed. The simulation results revealed a substantial improvement of the cell process performance and reduced the setup times for the rubbing machine and the cycle time of TFT-array substrate and color filter (CF) substrate processing.  2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cell process,Queue time maximum un-matches,Simulation,TFT-LCD
An agent-based dynamic routing strategy for automated material handling systems	2008	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	An agent-based dynamic routing strategy for a generic automated material handling systems (AMHS) is developed. The strategy employs an agent-based paradigm by which the control points of a network of AMHS components are modelled as cooperating node agents. With the inherent features of route discovery, route selection and fault management of these node agents, their performance is investigated through simulation study. A generic AMHS network is modelled with a simulation tool that represents a highly flexible material handling system in a typical distribution centre where simulation studies are performed under normal and exception operating conditions. The performance of the proposed dynamic routing strategy is benchmarked with a number of static and dynamic routing strategies including the shortest distance, round robin, widest shortest route and shortest widest route strategies. The results of the simulation experiments are presented and their performance compared under a number of performance indices including the cycle time, utilization and ability to balance network loading.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	25	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agent-based system,Dynamic routing,Material handling,Simulation
A wasp-based control model for real-time routing of parts in a flexible manufacturing system	2008	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	This article presents a self-adaptive, wasp-based control model for real-time part routing in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Inspired from the natural system of a wasp colony, the proposed control model is a multi-agent system that exhibits adaptive behaviour. It uses simple rules built on a decentralized architecture and hence it overcomes the drawbacks of traditional agent-based systems, such as long negotiation times among agents. The production problem, which has been previously studied in the literature, includes real-time routing of parts with the objective of minimizing average waiting times and average cycle times in a large FMS that consists of 40 machines. The proposed wasp-based control model is benchmarked via simulation under various experimental conditions against those previously published studies. The simulation study shows that it outperforms the previously reported studies when the production system is heavily loaded and prone to congestion. The self-adaptive nature of the proposed model makes it robust in the presence of such dynamic, unexpected changes occurring in the FMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agent-based systems,Distributed manufacturing control,Distributed multi-agent systems,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),FMS control,FMS performance evaluation
Warehouse management technologies	2008	Sensor Review	Purpose - Aims to discover the different technologies used in warehouse stock control. Design/methodology/approach - The paper begins with a review of optical and radio-frequency product-labelling technologies, and then examines various devices and systems for reading these labels and integrating stock control into back-office databases. It then looks at techniques for finding the goods within the warehouse, from simple address labels to radar positioning and inertial navigation, considering both operator-based and guided vehicle handling systems. Findings - Labelling technologies facilitate automatic product identification. Rugged handheld computers with wireless communications give real-time capability and integrate stock control into wider software systems for efficient resource management. Speech synthesis provides one man-machine interface enabling workers to order-pick under database control. Automated readers record products entering and leaving the warehouse, theoretically removing the need for stock taking. Automatic guided vehicles are now available to stack and retrieve goods in the warehouse. Originality/value - Provides engineers with an overview of the diversity of solutions employed in warehouse stock handling.  Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	9	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Mark scanning equipment,Order picking,Stock control,Warehousing
Multi-object detection and tracking technology based on hexagonal opto-electronic detector	2008	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	A novel multi-object detection and tracking technology based on hexagonal opto-electronic detector is proposed, in which (1) a new hexagonal detector, which is composed of 6 linear CCDs, has been firstly developed to achieve the field of view of 360 degree, (2) to achieve the detection and tracking of multi-object with high speed, the object recognition criterions of Object Signal Width Criterion (OSWC) and Horizontal Scale Ratio Criterion (HSRC) are proposed. In this paper, Simulated Experiments have been carried out to verify the validity of the proposed technology, which show that the detection and tracking of multi-object can be achieved with high speed by using the proposed hexagonal detector and the criterions of OSWC and HSRC, indicating that the technology offers significant advantages in Photo-electric Detection, Computer Vision, Virtual Reality, Augment Reality, etc.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Composite criterion,Detection and tracking,Linear CCD,Moving object
Study of CAD-based laser guiding measurement technology	2008	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	The laser Guiding Measurement Robot (LGMR) technology is based on the measurement method "laser beam moving, Spherical Mounted Retro-reflector (SMR) tracking", which uses CAD model to control the position and attitude signals of measuring laser beam that guides the robot carrying SMR to the required position to complete the measurement of the objects together with a laser tracker. It is a key technology to be studied deeply how the CAD model is converted into the signals, which can make laser beam scan and guide the device with SMR to move to the required position. This paper describes the research work to the development of an optical guidance system for CMM with SMR by use of the CAD model of a completed object. The working principle and structure of LGMR are presented firstly. Then the method converting the CAD model to signals is studied successfully. Next, the guidance system employs the signals to make laser beam point to the required position and guide the CMM with SMR to the position at the same time. Finally, the experiment is carried out to prove the correctness of the methodology. The results show the maximum error of the measured curve is 0.12mm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Coordinate Measuring Machine (CMM),Laser guiding measurement,Laser tracker,Tracking
Development of an intelligent agent-based AGV controller for a flexible manufacturing system	2008	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are the most flexible means to transport materials among workstations of a flexible manufacturing system. Complex issues associated with the design of AGV control of these systems are conflict-free shortest path, minimum time motion planning and deadlock avoidance. This research presents an intelligent agent-based framework to overcome the inefficacies associated with the aforementioned issues. Proposed approach describes the operational control of AGVs by integrating different activities such as path generation, journey time enumeration, collision and deadlock identification, waiting node location and its time estimation, and decision making on the selection of the conflict-free shortest feasible path. It represents efficient algorithms and rules associated with each agent for finding the conflict-free minimum time motion planning of AGVs, which are needed to navigate unidirectional and bidirectional flow path network. A collaborative architecture of AGV agent and its different modules are also presented. Three complex experimental scenarios are simulated to test the robustness of the proposed approach. It is shown that the proposed agent-based controller is capable of generating optimal, collision- and deadlock-free path with less computational efforts.  2007 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	57	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Deadlock avoidance,Flexible manufacturing system AGV control,Multi-agent system (MAS)
Design choices for agent-based control of AGVs in the dough making process	2008	Decision Support Systems	We consider a multi-agent system for the logistics control of Automatic Guided Vehicles that are used in the dough making process at an industrial bakery. Here, logistics control refers to constructing robust schedules for transportation jobs. We discuss how alternative MAS designs can be developed and compared. Qualitative design guidelines turn out to be insufficient to select the best agent architecture. Therefore, we also use simulation to support decision making, where we use real-life data from the bakery to evaluate alternative designs. We show that depending on the degree of dynamism and objectives of the bakery, different architectures are preferred.  2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	17	Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Developmental and Educational Psychology,Arts and Humanities (miscellaneous),Information Systems and Management	Analysis and design,Intelligent manufacturing,Methodologies,Multi-agent systems
Distributed optimization method for simultaneous production scheduling and transportation routing on semiconductor fabrication bays	2008	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	In this study, we propose a decentralized optimization method for production scheduling, transportation routing for AGVs and motion planning for material handling robots simultaneously. The System consists of a process agent that creates production schedule, AGV agents to generate collision-free routing for multiple AGVs, and a handling agent that determines motion planning for material handling system. Each agent repeats the înforrnation exchange and replanning until a feasible solution is derived. The effectiveness of the proposed method is confirmed by comparing the results of the proposed method and those of the conventional method. Experimental study demonstrates the feasibility of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	40	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Automated guided vehicle,Experimental study,FMS,Scheduling,Simultaneous optimization,Transportation
Integrated scheduling of handling equipment at automated container terminals	2008	Annals of Operations Research	To improve the productivities of an automated container terminal, it is important to schedule different types of handling equipment in an integrated way. A mixed-integer programming model, which considers various constraints related to the integrated operations between different types of handling equipment, is formulated. A heuristic algorithm, called multi-layer genetic algorithm (MLGA) is developed with a view to overcome the computation difficulty for solving the mathematical model. A numerical experimentation is carried out in order to evaluate the performance of the algorithm.  2007 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	15	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Automated container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Integrated scheduling
Real-time AGV actions control by dialogue to realize autonomous decentralized FMS	2008	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	One of the new technologies for a production system is an autonomous decentralized Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). The autonomous decentralized FMS aims at high production efficiency by giving self-control or decentralizing the plan, design and operation of FMS. This paper discusses the research necessary for realizing an autonomous decentralized FMS with Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and Machining Centers (MCs). This research develops a real-time production control method based on the predictions that grasp not only current production situations but also anticipate future ones. From the developed system it can be seen that mtdti-production that keeps the target production ratio is possible even though neither AGV actions' plans nor parts input schedules are given beforehand. Especially, it can be shown that the method will operate a FMS without influencing the production ratio even when unpredicted troubles happen, which is often seen in an actual factory.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Autonomous decentralized system,Dialogue,FMS,Hypothetical reasoning,Intelligent system
Navigation of omni-directional mobile manipulator based on ultrasonic-absolute-positioning	2008	Hsi-An Chiao Tung Ta Hsueh/Journal of Xi'an Jiaotong University	To improve the navigation efficiency and precision of the omni-directional mobile manipulator (ODMM), the ultrasonic-absolute-positioning strategy is proposed, where the move-to-goal behavior and avoid-obstacle behavior based on absolute positioning are involved. Compared with the conventional navigation strategies, the strategy is endowed with the superiorities, such as instant accurate locality, posture and speed adjusting. Then the fusing single redundant information (FSRI) method is adopted to improve the precision of the ultrasonic-absolute-positioning, and an ODMM navigation strategy based on FSRI method absolute positioning is presented. The experimental and simulation results confirm the validity of the navigation strategy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Engineering (all)	Avoid-obstacle behavior,Move-to-goal behavior,Navigation strategy,Ultrasonic-absolute-positioning
A prototype safety system for new on-the-job training (OJT) in an anthropocentric cell manufacturing system	2008	Virtual and Physical Prototyping	The anthropocentric cell manufacturing system (ACMS) discussed consists of a skill-based manufacturing scheduling system, a new on-the-job training (New OJT) system and a safety system. The New OJT was developed using e-learning and automated guided vehicle (AGV)-arm robot as a teacher for CNC machine training. Since the machines and the AGV-arm robot are automatic devices, controlled by computer programs, the dangers might arise during training. Therefore, the safety system is required to ensure that a learner will be safe. We propose a prototype of safety system with designed machine-protection in order to protect the learner from dangerous behaviours during a level 1 training of a New OJT in ACMS. The machine-protection focused on protection from danger using image processing with a background subtraction technique and comparison of objects' position. We also evaluated safety assessments of the learners, consisting of human error probabilities (HEP) and a human error rate (HER). The prototype of this developed safety system showed that the machine-protection certainly raises a warning alarm when the learner rises into dangerous zones during the training. The evaluated safety assessments showed that our designed New OJT training level 1 course performed more efficient safety performance for self-training of the learner.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Signal Processing,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Background subtraction,Human error,Image processing,Safety assessments,Safety engineering,Safety system
A survey and comparison of Petri net-based deadlock prevention policies for flexible manufacturing systems	2008	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics Part C: Applications and Reviews	Over the last two decades, a great deal of research has been focused on solving deadlock problems in resource allocation systems such as computer communication systems, workflow systems, and flexible manufacturing systems, resulting in a wide variety of approaches. As a well-defined problem in resource allocation systems, deadlock prevention based on a Petri net formalism has received an enormous amount of attention in the literature. This paper intends to review and compare a variety of Petri net-based deadlock prevention policies reported in the literature. Their comparison is done in terms of structural complexity, behavior permissiveness, and computational complexity. This paper should facilitate engineers in choosing a suited method for their industrial application cases.  2008 IEEE.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	251	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Computational complexity,Deadlock prevention,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net
Metaheuristic scheduling of multiple picking agents for warehouse management	2008	Industrial Robot	Purpose - This paper aims to develop a scheduler for multiple picking agents in a warehouse that takes into account distance and loading queue delay minimization within the context of minimizing makespan (i.e. picking time). Design/methodology/approach - The paper uses tabu search to solve the scheduling problem in a more global sense. Each search iteration is enhanced by a custom local search (LS) procedure that hastens convergence by driving a given schedule configuration quickly to a local minimum. In particular, basic operators transfer demand among agents to balance load and minimize makespan. The new load distribution is further improved by considering a vehicle-routing problem on the picking assignments of the agents with relocated demands. Loading queue delays that may arise from the reassignments are systematically minimized using a fast scheduling heuristic. Findings - The proposed tabu scheduler greatly improves over a widely practiced scheduling procedure for the given problem. Variants of the tabu scheduler produce solutions that are roughly of the same quality but exhibit considerable differences in computational time. Research limitations/implications - The proposed methodology is applicable only to the static scheduling problem where all inputs are known beforehand. Furthermore, of the possible delays during picking, only loading queues are explicitly addressed (although this is justifiable, given that these delays are dominant in the problem). Practical implications - The proposed approach can significantly increase through-put and productivity in picking systems that utilize multiple intelligent agents (human pickers included), e.g. in warehouses/distribution centers. Originality/value - The paper addresses a practical scheduling problem with a high degree of complexity, i.e. scheduler explicitly deals with delays while trying to minimize makespan (generally, delays are ignored in the literature to simplify things). In the tabu implementation, an LS procedure is introduced in the metaheuristic loop that enhances the search process by minimizing non-productive time of picking agents (travel time and delays).  Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Plans,Queuing time,Warehousing
Road recognition and tracking control of an vision guided AGV	2008	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	The vision-guided AGV acquires images of road through machine vision and the navigation parameters are gotten by processing these images. In order to recognize the road robustly and quickly, some image-processing methods such as filtering, image segmenting were presented. Additionally, some measures were taken to keep the recognition in real time. A PID controller has been designed to control the motors in order to achieve the line-tracking according to the parameters. The simulation and experimental results showed that the road could be recognized even under certain disturbances and the AGV could track the road accurately and reliably.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	27	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Image processing,PID control,Road tracking,Visual navigation
The value of the shortest loop covering all work centers in a manufacturing facility layout	2008	International Journal of Production Research	In this study we develop mathematical models to design circular material flow systems. We first develop a tight formulation to find the shortest loop covering all work centers within a manufacturing facility layout. The shortest loop is an attractive solution for most types of conveyors and power-and-free systems, where the length of the flow path is the major driver of the total cost. We develop a primal as well as a dual graph formulation and discuss their one-to-one correspondence in node-edge as well as in connectivity constraints. Our solution times outperform other optimization models available for the facility layout shortest loop design problem. We then approach trip-based material handling, such as automated guided vehicle systems, where the total loaded and empty trip distance is the major driver of the total cost. The problem in these systems evolves into concurrent design of the loop, pickup and dropoff station, and the empty vehicle dispatching policies. On the foundation of the shortest loop model, we propose a decomposition heuristic for design of trip-based flow systems. Computational results indicate that the heuristic provides high quality and robust solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Facility planning,Generalized traveling salesman problem,Materials handling
Genetic algorithm-based computation of the shortest path in discrete-time dynamic networks	2008	Huanan Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of South China University of Technology (Natural Science)	In this paper, the genetic algorithm is adopted to compute the shortest path in the dynamic networks unsatisfying the first-in-first-out (FIFO) principle, and a random A* algorithm is proposed to overcome the difficulty in obtaining the initial generation of the genetic algorithm. Then, based on the electronic map of Guangzhou city, a dynamic network containing 20000 nodes, 40000 links and 144 time intervals, which does not satisfy the FIFO principle, is proposed to test the proposed algorithm. Experimental results indicate that the genetic algorithm is suitable for the solving of transportation guidance problem in the dynamic networks unsatisfying the FIFO-principle and possessing unstable states.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Engineering (all)	Dynamic network,Dynamic transportation guidance system,Genetic algorithm,Intelligent transportation system,Shortest path
Transfer batch scheduling using genetic algorithms	2008	International Journal of Production Research	This paper examines scheduling in a manufacturing system with transfer batches. Transfer batches are considered as different batches although they stem from the same job. Genetic algorithms determine the size of the transfer batches for each job and the final schedule with a makespan criterion. A novelty of the genetic algorithm developed is twin chromosome encoding, the first chromosome representing the relative size (participation ratio) of each transfer batch with respect to the whole batch; and the second chromosome applying in effect a dynamic heuristic dispatching rule representation for resolving operation antagonism. New crossover and mutation operators were employed for the first chromosome and standard operators for the second. The genetic algorithms were coded in C++ for better control. A 20 job eight machine shop was used as a test case. Results favour genetic algorithms over heuristic procedures, but the latter close the gap with an increase in the number of transfer batches. Design of Experiments was used to focus on the most promising genetic algorithm parameter value combinations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Batch scheduling,Genetic algorithms,Heuristics,Transfer batches
Global interior robot localisation by a colour content image retrieval system	2008	Eurasip Journal on Advances in Signal Processing	We propose a new global localisation approach to determine a coarse position of a mobile robot in structured indoor space using colour-based image retrieval techniques. We use an original method of colour quantisation based on the baker's transformation to extract a two-dimensional colour pallet combining as well space and vicinity-related information as colourimetric aspect of the original image. We conceive several retrieving approaches bringing to a specific similarity measure D integrating the space organisation of colours in the pallet. The baker's transformation provides a quantisation of the image into a space where colours that are nearby in the original space are also nearby in the output space, thereby providing dimensionality reduction and invariance to minor changes in the image. Whereas the distance D provides for partial invariance to translation, sight point small changes, and scale factor. In addition to this study, we developed a hierarchical search module based on the logic classification of images following rooms. This hierarchical module reduces the searching indoor space and ensures an improvement of our system performances. Results are then compared with those brought by colour histograms provided with several similarity measure4s. In this paper, we focus on colour-based features to describe indoor images. A finalised system must obviously integrate other type of signature like shape and texture.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Signal Processing,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Architectural design of a situated multiagent system for controlling automatic guided vehicles	2008	International Journal of Agent-Oriented Software Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are fully automated vehicles that are able to transport goods in an industrial environment. To cope with new and future system requirements such as flexibility and openness, we have applied a situated Multiagent System (MAS) to develop a decentralised control architecture for AGV transportation systems. In this paper, we give an overview of the software architecture of the system and we zoom in on two specific concerns: transport assignment and collision avoidance. We discuss the evaluation of the software architecture and the test results obtained from realistic simulations and a demonstrator system that we have developed. The architectural design and development of this real-world application teaches us that the primary use of a situated MAS comes from the way in which it structures the software. In particular, the set of adaptive agents that coordinate through the environment allows us to shape the software architecture of the transport application to provide the required functionalities of the system and achieve the important quality goals of flexibility and openness. Copyright  2008 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	24	Software	AGV,Automated transportation system,Automatic guided vehicles,Situated multiagent system,Software architecture
Strategies of control applied in autonomous guided vehicles	2008	SAE Technical Papers	Autonomous guided vehicles, called AGVs, are important components of factory automation and manufacture system integration that requires both technical and management skills. In this paper, an AGV prototype equipped with IR detectors and IR range sensors is programming to follow a route line on the floor and avoid some obstacles on the way. The motion of the experimental AGV is promote by two DC motor with build-in gearbox, working with simultaneous PWM control in closed-loop operation. This AGV is designed to operate in environments such as offices and shop floor, in order to carry light loads on flat surfaces and ramps with positive and negative inclination. Simulations tests with ADAMS® are compared with some experimental results in order to validate the model and the prototype approaches. Copyright  2008 SAE International.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Capacity analysis of a towline conveyor system in a distribution center	2008	International Journal of Logistics Systems and Management	In a materials flow system, it is important to know the system loading capacity and identify bottleneck links in a short-or long-term planning horizon; and it is beneficial to optimise workforce allocation in order to achieve the best possible system performance under static or dynamic conditions. A multi-commodity maximum network flow model is developed in this paper to determine the flow capacity in a towline conveyor system and to optimise workforce allocation in the system. The proposed modelling approach in this paper uses three types of nodes and two types of arcs to address various types of linkages and processes within a towline conveyor network in a distribution centre. Multiple flow layers are applied to consider various flow paths and commodities. The proposed model and modelling approach can assist in capacity analysis and staffing allocation for a large-scale towline conveyor system in a distribution centre. An industrial case study is presented to illustrate the application of the modelling and analysis approach to determine the aximal flow of a towline conveyor system and identify improvement opportunities. Copyright  2008 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Management Information Systems,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Material handling,Maximum network flow,Towline conveyor
The evaluation of search range assignment in 300 mm automated material handling system (AMHS)	2008	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In the 300 mm AMHS with a connected loops layout, the vehicle can travel not just in one loop but all around the wide fab to execute tool-to-tool delivery. Determining how far the waiting FOUPs (WFs) or idle vehicles (IVs) should be considered before selecting a dispatching rule might make dispatching more efficient. A two-phase approach with simulation has been developed to assign the search range (SR) for studying this idea. The model of a simplified 300 mm AMHS was built using eM-Plant and Design Expert to design experiments and analyse the results. In phase I, the number of WF and IV in the system at the time of dispatching will affect the distance of the vehicle's empty trip (DVemp). Further, the SR was assigned and evaluated based on the average and standard deviation of DVemp under different numbers of WF and IV in phase II. The results indicated that the SR significantly affects the performance, and a longer SR used in a light system is feasible; a shorter SR is applicable for a heavy system.  2006 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS,Dispatching,Search range,Simulation
Coordination of AGVs in an industrial environment	2008	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS	This demonstration aims to show the decentralized coordination of the navigation system of highly autonomous Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) integrated in a real industrial environment. These vehicles are used for goods delivery tasks between different points of the production system. The navigation part consists on calculating and following the trajectory to reach the goal, which is calculated considering the plant layout and recalculated to avoid the non-modeled obstacles when they are sensed during the navigation. The coordination part is based on a decentralized architecture where each vehicle broadcasts the information about its state in the working environment, and by combining all these states in a local way, each AGV decides which action to take. Copyright  2008, International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (www.ifaamas.org). All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	1	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Industrial robots,Multi-robot systems,Path planning
Simulation of automatic guided vehicle systems in manufacturing environment. Case: Volvo's Crankshaft Unit in Skövde	2008	International Journal of Manufacturing Technology and Management	Competing in global markets creates pressure for manufacturers to rigidly use automation, and advanced manufacturing techniques to improve manufacturing plant productivity. Among productivity, manufacturers are also interested about other performance dimensions, namely time, flexibility and quality. With the wise use of automation, we could directly improve all of the other indicators, and indirectly quality. In this paper it is shown, how implementation and use of Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) could benefit from the use of manufacturing simulation. AGVs have been available for practical use since the 1970s, but still in the investment and use processes it is rarely seen justified to a high detail, what eventually determines the number of vehicles used in the system. Our paper is able to show with two simulation cases (a hypothetical example and a real case study) that the number of AGVs is very sensitive with respect to production system output. Furthermore, some assumptions that are often made can overly simplify the problem (e.g. no recharging of batteries and constant speed). Therefore, in this paper, we propose that more research should be addressed, to the AGV system simulation, and in practice tools for decisions makers should be developed further. Our research also shows that empty travelling and low utilisation is a norm, in current AGV systems in order to assure production system functionality, and there is a need and potential for performance improvement here, as well. Copyright  2008 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	6	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Engine manufacturing,Simulation
Dynamic characterization of intelligent vehicle systems theory and experiment	2008	SAE Technical Papers	This paper deals with controller design for path tracking control of intelligent vehicle systems. A two degrees of freedom (DOF) model is developed to represent the motion of a vehicle which is used to formulate the path tracking problem of vehicles. By using optimal control theory, the structure of a controller is obtained for vehicles with front and rear steering systems. In designing the controller, a quadratic measure of performance consisting of the integral of the errors (in position and orientation of the vehicle) and the input (front and rear wheel steering angles) are minimized. This controller is implemented to an experimental vehicle and the experimental results of its path following are presented. Copyright  2008 SAE International.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Automated Guided Vehicles (Agv): Searching a Path in the Flexible Manufacturing Systems	2008	Journal of Konbin	Manufacturing systems are undergoing a noticeable evolution due to an intense technological progress in industrial robotics. Serial production has evolved into the concept of Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS), which encapsulate processes in automatic equipment that are capable of executing different operations, that before be performed in several stages and diverse equipments. Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems have been frequently used as material handling equipment in manufacturing systems since the last two decades. Particularly, AGV's with trailers are, and will continue to be, the backbone of the material transport industry. The use of these systems has taken the attention of experts and researchers. They are numerous studies concerning AGV with trailers systems in literature; few of them deal with the adaptation of these systems into FMS. In this paper, a study of the trajectories and a simulation model of a hypothetical system, which included a FMS environment, were developed. In addition, a potential field's method was explored in order to improve the ability of detecting obstacles in AGV's with trailers moving through stations.  2008, Versita. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated Guided Vehicle,Flexible Manufacturing Systems,Trajectories Planning
Decentralized coordination of automated guided vehicles	2008	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS	This paper approaches the issue of coordination of highly autonomous Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) working on an automated factory. These vehicles are used for goods delivery tasks between different points of the production system. The coordination is based on a decentralized architecture where each vehicle broadcasts the information about its state in the working environment, and by combining all these states in a local way, each AGV decides which action to take. The heuristic that allows the decentralized traffic control is based on a priority system, based on the current task, and a set of dangerous zones which are defined to avoid possible deadlocks, where mutual exclusion should be ensured. The process is somehow similar to that used by humans when circulating in cars: a set of rules and a set of signals/places. The interaction of many vehicles working on the same area under different collision conditions has been tested in a real industrial warehouse environment. Copyright  2008, International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (www.ifaamas.org). All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	5	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Industrial robots,Multi-robot systems
Performance evaluation of flexible manufacturing systems under uncertain and dynamic situations	2008	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	The present era demands the efficient modelling of any manufacturing system to enable it to cope with unforeseen situations on the shop floor. One of the complex issues affecting the performance of manufacturing systems is the scheduling of part types. In this paper, the authors have attempted to overcome the impact of uncertainties such as machine breakdowns, deadlocks, etc., by inserting slack that can absorb these disruptions without affecting the other scheduled activities. The impact of the flexibilities in this scenario is also investigated. The objective functions have been formulated in such a manner that a better trade-off between the uncertainties and flexibilities can be established. Consideration of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in this scenario helps in the loading or unloading of part types in a better manner. In the recent past, a comprehensive literature survey revealed the supremacy of random search algorithms in evaluating the performance of these types of dynamic manufacturing system. The authors have used a metaheuristic known as the quick convergence simulated annealing (QCSA) algorithm, and employed it to resolve the dynamic manufacturing scenario. The metaheuristic encompasses a Cauchy distribution function as a probability function that helps in escaping the local minima in a better manner. Various machine breakdown scenarios are generated. A 'heuristic gap' is measured, and it indicates the effectiveness of the performance of the proposed methodology with the varying problem complexities. Statistical validation is also carried out, which helps in authenticating the effectiveness of the proposed approach. The efficacy of the proposed approach is also compared with deterministic priority rules.  IMechE 2008.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	11	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Breakdown,Flexibility,Quick convergence simulated annealing (QCSA),Slack,Uncertainties
Fusion of INS with GNSS and its application to Mobile Robot Navigation	2008	6th International Industrial Simulation Conference 2008, ISC 2008	This paper investigates the fusion of Inertial Navigation Systems (INS) and Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS). Both systems present interesting complementary characteristics to increase pose and orientation estimation performance, in comparison to separated approaches. In the paper, two different fusion strategies are discussed and compared, namely the Uncoupled and Loosely Coupled, where clearly the Loosely Coupled gives better estimations. The application of this paper is to estimate the motion of a mobile robot in different contexts such as mobile robot manipulators for facade restoration tasks and Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in industrial outdoor environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Modeling and Simulation	Fusion,GNSS,INS,MEMS,Navigation
Design and analysis of an automated container handling system in seaports	2008	International Journal of Agile Systems and Management	Copyright  2008 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This article presents the design and analysis of an automated container handling system which integrates Automated Storage and Retrieval System (ASRS) and Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) for use at seaport terminals. Current practices in seaport container terminals are discussed first, and then, the main components of the proposed automated configuration are introduced. A computer simulation model is developed to examine the key measures of effectiveness such as throughput and space/equipment utilisation. The performance of the proposed configuration shows nearly four times improvement in throughput/acre over the commonly practised block stacking approach. Implications for future automated systems of this type have been described.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Multidisciplinary	AGVS,ASRS,Automated container terminal,Automated Guided Vehicle Systems,Automated Storage,Facility logistics,Retrieval System,Simulation,Terminal throughput
Second-order sliding mode control of a platoon of vehicles	2008	International Journal of Modelling, Identification and Control	This paper presents the design of a longitudinal control system for a platoon of vehicles. The synthesis of an automatic vehicle following system is an important aspect of an automated highway system design. The main objectives of the control of a platoon of vehicles are the increment of the exploitation of the road capacity and the improvement of passengers' safety and comfort. The proposed control system is designed relying on a non-linear vehicle model. The chosen control methodology is second-order sliding mode control. This choice is motivated by the well-known robustness features of the sliding mode control approach, which are particularly appropriate dealing with the automotive context. Moreover, the proposed approach produces a considerable reduction of the chattering phenomenon, which can determine undesired mechanical wear in the actuators. The individual vehicle stability and platoon stability are guaranteed by the proposed control system. This latter is tested in simulation considering a platoon of three vehicles in a stop-and-go traffic situation. Copyright  2008, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	12	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Automated guided vehicles,Cruise control,Sliding mode control,Vehicle dynamics
Positioning system for autonomous vehicles Sistema de posicionamiento para vehículos autónomos	2008	RIAI - Revista Iberoamericana de Automatica e Informatica Industrial	Loss of accuracy in automated vehicle position control systems due to Global Positioning System (GPS) signal quality is currently one of the most studied research topics in the field of Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS). This paper presents an integrated positioning system that combines a GPS with onboard sensors and an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) to perform autonomous vehicle guidance. Depending on GPS precision, the system discriminates which positioning is most appropriate from three different possibilities: 1) real-time kinematic differential global positioning system (RTK-DGPS) is working at the highest positioning accuracy (1 cm). In this instance, GPS data are used as the main sensory supply; 2) total DGPS signal loss. Now, the IMU control system takes control; 3) centimeter accuracy is lost. In this instance, GPS and IMU measurements are integrated to determine the true positioning. This system has been installed in a Citroën C3 Pluriel car, where all the actuators were automated to achieve human-like driving. Experimental results show the car's behavior in diverse situations and prove that the test-bed vehicle can maintain automatic navigation even when GPS positioning is unavailable. The results also show the need to combine sensory information to obtain optimum navigation control in any circumstance. Copyright  2008 CEA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Global positioning systems,Inertial measurement unit
A new approach to routing of advanced flexible manufacturing shopfloor	2008	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This paper presents a new routing method for advanced flexible manufacturing shopfloor by combining a new Petri net model with a new evolution based hybrid algorithm. The approach embodies the notion of global optimization and thus makes it easier for the new PN to interface with global optimization algorithms. Finally, simulation results show that the proposed method is effective, practical and worthy of more-depth investigations.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	EHLGEP-N,Hybrid algorithm,Routing of flexible manufacturing
Integration of communications sub-system into localization and control of AGVs	2008	Jubilee 15th Saint Petersburg International Conference on Integrated Navigation Systems, ICINS 2008 - Proceedings	This paper deals with integration of automated guided vehicle (AGV) communications sub-system into localization and control in indoors quasi-structured environments. Mismatched wheels radius for differential-drive AGV type is analyzed based on its influence on AGV dead-reckoning algorithm localization error. As dead-reckoning algorithm is prone to systematical, non-systematical and numerical drift errors, triangulation and trilateration can resort to AGV communications hardware to implement localization error reset. AGV control switching (change of direction mode and line following mode) is presented to show good performance in indoors quasi-structured environments, because these two modes are the components of AGV trajectories. Simulation result for line following mode is included. Trilateration method using AGV communications setup is also explained in detail, showing that AGV location can be computed based on radio frequency signal strength measurements. Trilateration calibration is also studied to increase AGV localization resolution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	7	Information Systems,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Control,Dead-reckoning,Error analysis,Localization,Trilateration
Optimal operations of transportation fleet for unloading activities at container ports	2008	Transportation Research Part B: Methodological	This paper presents mathematical models that optimize the size of transportation fleet (cranes and trucks) for unloading operations at container terminals. A cyclic queue model is used to study the steady-state port throughput, which then yields the optimum fleet size for long-term operations. This model allows for stochastic operations such as exponentially distributed crane service times. In order to allow for generally distributed crane service times and truck travel times, an approach based on Markovian decision process is also proposed. This model provides dynamic operational policies for fleet management. Both models are implemented and examined with empirical data from the Port of Balboa, Panama. These models are also extended to unloading operations that involve multiple berths.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	46	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container terminal,Cyclic queue model,Fleet size optimization,Markovian decision process,Unloading operation
Automated container terminal concepts	2008	Intelligent Freight Transportation	2008 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Since marine containers were first introduced by McLean in the 1950s, improving the efficiency of container terminals has captured the imagination of many, from top-level corporate management to stevedores, from PhDs in systems engineering to home brew inventors. Thousands of ideas big and small have been proposed to automate container terminals, but to date few have been fully implemented successfully. Why? Automation technologies that have been perfected in high-production manufacturing plants provide the basis of many of the automated containerized terminal concepts. Automated guided vehicles, machine vision, linear induction motors, crane stabilization systems, optical character recognition, radio frequency (RF) ID tags, artificial intelligence, stereovision, laser guidance, autonomous overhead crane systems, and Stewart platforms are all examples of technologies that have been successfully used in manufacturing plants and hold promise for automated container terminals. However, many technologies that work well in structured environments have found difficulty when moving from the controlled environments of the factory. In an efficient automated factory the temperature, humidity, and lighting are typically well controlled. Positioning and timing of product movement within an automated factory can be precise and crisp, allowing computers to control material handing devices effectively. In a container terminal, automated systems are exposed to sunlight, rain, snow, and temperature extremes. Containers, truckers, and vessels arrive to and depart from a terminal on a schedule, but the schedule is far from precise, often unpredictable. Container movements within a terminal are often chaotic, responding to the positioning of other cargo and the asynchronous arrival of vessels and trains, and depending on the availability of container handling equipment.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	0	Engineering (all)	None
Operational issues in modern container terminals	2008	Intelligent Freight Transportation	2008 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Because container vessels spend a significant amount of transportation time in ports, it is essential to improve the productivity of various handling activities at port container terminals. Further, in order to modernize container terminals, automated container handling facilities have been recently developed and installed. This trend has introduced various new handling facilities and opened up new research topics for the efficient operation of these terminals. This chapter discusses the related decision-making problems that need to be explored by researchers.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	South Korea	1	Engineering (all)	None
Integrated supervisory and operational control of a warehouse with a matrix-based approach	2008	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	This paper considers a matrix-based discrete event control approach for a warehouse. The control system is organized in two modules: a dynamic model and a controller. The model provides a complete description of the discrete event dynamics of the warehouse, and is used as a means to track the stock-keeping units, and identify and inhibit control actions that violate system's constraints. The controller has several functions. At the supervisory level, it is in charge of inhibiting operations that may lead to deadlocks, commanding the actual start of the task, and the release of the resources once a task is completed. At the operational level, it is in charge of performing decisions regarding the order in which allowable tasks waiting for service should be performed. All the modules are implemented using the same matrix-based formalism, and thus integrated with each other. The main advantages of the approach are the inherent modularity (the matrix-based control is obtained by assembling individual atomic components), and the integration between the various modules, which permits a better overall resource utilization. Simulation examples describing an actual industrial warehouse are finally provided to emphasize the main advantages of the proposed approach.  2007 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	29	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete-event control,Dispatching,Supervisory control,Warehouse control
Services robots navigating on smart floors	2008	Lecture Notes in Control and Information Sciences	We describe an approach to position estimation for mobile service robots and automatically guided vehicles which is based on RFID technology. The core idea of the approach is to structure the work space by means of a Smart Floor in a manner which enables and supports reliable navigation and positioning with absolute accuracy over large distances. The "intelligence" of the floor is in a dense, area-wide network of thousands of RFID transponder, which are mounted underneath the regular floor covering and quasi serve as radio beacons. The navigation system described in this paper, has been presented at CeBIT 2006 in Hannover by invitation of the German Ministry of Education and Research. InMach Intelligente Maschinen has further received the Walter Reis Innovation Award for Service Robotics for this innovative solution.  2008 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Library and Information Sciences	None
Automated container terminals: Lessons learned for future successes	2008	Intelligent Freight Transportation	2008 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Since marine containers were first introduced by McLean in the 1950s, improving the efficiency of container terminals has captured the imagination of many, from top-level corporate management to stevedores, from PhDs in systems engineering to home brew inventors. Thousands of ideas big and small have been proposed to automate container terminals, but to date few have been fully implemented successfully. Why? Automation technologies that have been perfected in high-production manufacturing plants provide the basis of many of the automated containerized terminal concepts. Automated guided vehicles, machine vision, linear induction motors, crane stabilization systems, optical character recognition, radio frequency (RF) ID tags, artificial intelligence, stereovision, laser guidance, autonomous overhead crane systems, and Stewart platforms are all examples of technologies that have been successfully used in manufacturing plants and hold promise for automated container terminals. However, many technologies that work well in structured environments have found difficulty when moving from the controlled environments of the factory. In an efficient automated factory the temperature, humidity, and lighting are typically well controlled. Positioning and timing of product movement within an automated factory can be precise and crisp, allowing computers to control material handing devices effectively. In a container terminal, automated systems are exposed to sunlight, rain, snow, and temperature extremes. Containers, truckers, and vessels arrive to and depart from a terminal on a schedule, but the schedule is far from precise, often unpredictable. Container movements within a terminal are often chaotic, responding to the positioning of other cargo and the asynchronous arrival of vessels and trains, and depending on the availability of container handling equipment.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	0	Engineering (all)	None
The role of information technology in maritime education for hazard avoidance	2008	International Journal of Emergency Management	Maritime transport is an important aspect of the economy of every maritime state and this needs safety and efficiency. It is well known that one of the major factors of accident prevention is perfect theoretical and practical knowledge, which can help reduce accidents at sea and in harbours, ship collisions and sinking and loss of human lives and protects the environment. There are many different tools and systems used to satisfy these demands. Our forefathers have sailed using paper charts and sextants; today we use radar, Automatic Radar Plotting Aid (ARPA), Global Positioning System (GPS), nautical charts and publications. This study provides an experience of teaching graduate students how new technologies and techniques (Petri nets, genetic algorithms) have been applied. All these are very effective for improving engineers' and officers' management experiences and operational skills in emergency situations. But the cadets who lack practical experience have to spend most of their time learning theoretical courses on land. To meet the challenge of modern maritime development, the responsibility of education is to produce a great number of talents with ideas and work abilities. This paper's conclusion is that the use of interactive computer simulations in maritime education results in increased emergency preparedness, which consequently leads to hazard mitigation and reduces the risk of human error in the operation and maintenance of marine equipment. Copyright  2008, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Croatia	4	Emergency Medicine	Computer-based training,Interactive computer simulations,Modern information technology,Risk of human error
Influence of parasitic elements on the commutation of a resonant matrix converter	2008	2008 5th International Conference on Integrated Power Systems, CIPS 2008	This paper presents a novel three phase to two phase matrix converter, which performs a direct ac to ac conversion without having a dc link. In opposite to common matrix converters a very high output frequency is demanded for supplying a resonant load (contactless energy transmission system). This gives additional challenges, especially for the switch commutation and the hardware prototyping. Based upon a basic description of the converter, the build prototype and measurements are presented. While the main benefit of the derived commutation strategy - the minimization of commutation steps and independence from the sign of the load current - could be proved, several parasitic elements influence the commutation and lead to an unexpected soft-turn off of the semiconductors. Detailed investigations make the individual parasitics and their special influence visible.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Alternative line delivery strategies support a forklift free transition in a high product variety environment	2008	International Conference on Harbour, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modelling and Simulation	Forklift transport fails when it comes to efficiency. As a result, more and more attention is going to alternative transport systems that automate or further structure the material flow; such as line deliveries by train and conveyor technology. Only substituting the transport system itself is not cost-effective. The resulting improvements are rather low compared to the high investment cost. Therefore, in this paper alternative material flow and line delivery strategies are taken into consideration. Within a high product variety environment a combination of materials kitting and line stocking is proposed. This approach has some important benefits on top of the pure forklift free transition. A basic model is constructed to calculate the kitting area and transport system requirements. A truck assembly company is used as case study. A feasibility study is carried out, to give a rough indication of the costeffectiveness of the model.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Belgium	0	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research,Transportation	Forklift free,Line assembly,Materials kitting
A scheduling model and Q-learning algorithm for yard trailers at container terminals	2008	Harbin Gongcheng Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Harbin Engineering University	The problem of assignment and scheduling of yard trailers to quay cranes was discussed. A dynamic scheduling model for yard trailers was developed so as to minimize the waiting time of quay cranes. A Q-learning algorithm was also designed to develop decision-making policy for selecting the appropriate dispatching rules in different states. Also, a selection method was proposed whereby the Q-learning algorithm was used to choose the systematic state, action rule, learning step size, and reduction rate in yard trailer scheduling. Finally, simulation studies were performed to investigate the effect of the proposed approaches. Results show that, with an increasing number of yard trailers, the Q-learning algorithm performs better than other dispatching rules such as LW (longest waiting time), LT (longest travel), and SCO (single-crane oriented).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Chemical Engineering (all),Nuclear Energy and Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Container terminal,Q-learning algorithms,Reinforcement learning,Yard trailer scheduling
Alternative line delivery strategies support a forklift free transition in a high product variety environment	2008	10th Int. Workshop on Harbor, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modeling and Simulation, HMS 2008, Held at the International Mediterranean and Latin American Modeling Multiconference, I3M 2008	Forklift transport fails when it comes to efficiency. As a result, more and more attention is going to alternative transport systems that automate or further structure the material flow; such as line deliveries by train and conveyor technology. Only substituting the transport system itself is not cost-effective. The resulting improvements are rather low compared to the high investment cost. Therefore, in this paper alternative material flow and line delivery strategies are taken into consideration. Within a high product variety environment a combination of materials kitting and line stocking is proposed. This approach has some important benefits on top of the pure forklift free transition. A basic model is constructed to calculate the kitting area and transport system requirements. A truck assembly company is used as case study. A feasibility study is carried out, to give a rough indication of the costeffectiveness of the model. Copyright  (2008) by CAL-TEK S.r.l.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	4	Modeling and Simulation	Forklift free,Line assembly,Materials kitting
Layout optimization of container terminals using mathematical programming and simulation	2008	International Conference on Harbour, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modelling and Simulation	Container terminal operators are under pressure to handle the increasing amount of container transfer in the global transportation network. To manage the growth, new container terminals are built or the capacity of existing ones is expanded using modern container handling technologies as well as automatic equipment. An efficient layout of the container terminal is crucial to obtain the maximum capacity. In this paper we present an approach based on a mixed integer linear model to find promising layout configurations for container terminals. Means of simulation are used to validate and evaluate the attained layout configuration. In addition the adequacy of the mixed integer linear model for planning layouts of container terminals is evaluated using the developed simulation model.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Germany	0	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research,Transportation	Container terminal,Layout optimization,Simulation
Layout optimization of container terminals using mathematical programming and simulation	2008	10th Int. Workshop on Harbor, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modeling and Simulation, HMS 2008, Held at the International Mediterranean and Latin American Modeling Multiconference, I3M 2008	Container terminal operators are under pressure to handle the increasing amount of container transfer in the global transportation network. To manage the growth, new container terminals are built or the capacity of existing ones is expanded using modern container handling technologies as well as automatic equipment. An efficient layout of the container terminal is crucial to obtain the maximum capacity. In this paper we present an approach based on a mixed integer linear model to find promising layout configurations for container terminals. Means of simulation are used to validate and evaluate the attained layout configuration. In addition the adequacy of the mixed integer linear model for planning layouts of container terminals is evaluated using the developed simulation model. Copyright  (2008) by CAL-TEK S.r.l.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Modeling and Simulation	Container terminal,Layout optimization,Simulation
An Adaptive Genetic Algorithm based approach for production reactive scheduling of manufacturing systems	2008	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	The problem for scheduling the manufacturing systems production involves the system modeling task and the application of a technique to solve it. There are several ways used to model the scheduling problem and search strategies have been applied on the models to find a solution. The solutions consider performance parameters like makespan. However, depending on the size and complexity of the system, the response time becomes critical, mostly when it's necessary to reschedule. Researches aim to use Genetic Algorithms as a search method to solve the scheduling problem. This paper proposes the use of Adaptive Genetic Algorithm (AGA) to solve this problem having as performance criteria the minimum makespan and the response time. The probability of crossover and mutation is dynamically adjusted according to the individual's fitness value. The proposed approach is compared with a traditional Genetic Algorithm (GA).  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Routing autonomous vehicles in the improving initial task assignment and Avoiding Deadlock method	2008	IEICE Transactions on Fundamentals of Electronics, Communications and Computer Sciences	This paper discusses an on-line Tasks Assignment and Routing Problem (TARP) for Autonomous Transportation Systems (ATSs) in manufacturing systems. The TARP is a constrained version of the Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows (PDPTW). In our former study, a cooperative algorithm, called the triple loop method, with autonomous distributed agents has been proposed. The Improving initial Task Assignment and Avoiding Deadlock method (ITAAD) is a faster algorithm than the triple loop method. In this paper, we propose a new vehicle routing method for the ITAAD. Results of computational experiments show effectiveness of the proposed routing method. Copyright  2008 The Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Signal Processing,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous distributed systems,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Multi agent,PDPTW,Vehicle routing
Swarming/flocking and collision avoidance for mass airdrop of autonomous guided parafoils	2008	Journal of Guidance, Control, and Dynamics	Swarming and flocking are two words used interchangeably to refer to modeled flight that is biologically inspired by the flight of flocking birds and swarming insects. The capability of biological flight systems to autonomously maneuver, track, and pursue evasive targets in a cluttered environment is vastly superior to current engineered systems. Our effort seeks to mimic the behavior of biological systems to improve the design of engineered guidance and control systems for autonomous unmanned aerial vehicles and, in particular, parafoil-based systems. This paper details our development from concept through simulation through the first successful implementation on fleets of five unmanned aerial vehicle paragliders. Copyright  2008 by Anthony J. Calise. Published by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	35	Control and Systems Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Space and Planetary Science,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	None
Optimisation of gear milling process using aggravated simulated annealing algorithm	2008	International Journal of Advanced Mechatronic Systems	With the advent of more and more sophisticated technologies it is very imperative now to focus on the overall economy of the manufacturing process and evolve methods to optimise the machining operations even at the micro level. In this work, a model for optimising machining conditions such as speed and feed, for minimum production cost of a spur gear has been developed and a simulated annealing algorithm (SAA) based heuristic procedure referred to as aggravated simulated annealing algorithm (AGSAA) is developed. The proposed methodology possesses a unique mechanism to augment the explorative and exploitative capabilities of the SAA during the search process. The performance of the proposed AGSAA is also compared with that of a normal SAA methodology and that of another optimisation technique namely kangaroo algorithm (KA), found in the literature. The results show that AGSAA is outperforming both methodologies for the problem considered in this work.  2008 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	gear milling,kangaroo algorithm,machining optimisation,SAA,simulated annealing algorithm
Application of adaptive genetic algorithm and particle swarm optimisation in scheduling of jobs and AS/RS in FMS	2008	International Journal of Manufacturing Research	Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) are advanced production systems used in industries today. In this context, this paper deals with the problem of scheduling of jobs and Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems (AS/RS) assignments in a FMS environment because in some industries they have machines and this kind of AS/RS. Non-traditional optimisation techniques such as Adaptive Genetic Algorithm (AGA) and Particle Swarm Optimisation (PSO) are implemented to get optimal schedules and storage assignments. The objective function minimises the distance travelled by the Storage and Retrieval (S/R) machine. The results are presented and compared.  2008, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	16	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptive genetic algorithm,AGA,AS/RS,Automated storage and retrieval systems,Flexible manufacturing systems,FMS,Particle swarm optimisation,PSO
Operations research at container terminals: A literature update	2008	OR Spectrum	The current decade sees a considerable growth in worldwide container transportation and with it an indispensable need for optimization. Also the interest in and availability of academic literatures as well as case reports are almost exploding. With this paper an earlier survey which proved to be of utmost importance for the community is updated and extended to provide the current state of the art in container terminal operations and operations research.  2007 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	757	Management Science and Operations Research	None
A decentralized approach to cooperative situation assessment in multi-robot systems	2008	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS	To act effectively under uncertainty, multi-robot teams need to accurately estimate the state of the environment. Although individual robots, with uncertain sensors, may not be able to accurately determine the current situation, the team as a whole should have the capability to perform situation assessment. However, sharing all information with all other team mates is not scalable nor is centralization of all information possible. This paper presents a decentralized approach to cooperative situation assessment that balances use of communication bandwidth with the need for good situation assessment. When a robot believes locally that a particular plan should be executed, it sends a proposal for that plan, to one of its team mates. The robot receiving the plan proposal, can either agree with the plan and forward it on, or it can provide sensor information to suggest that an alternative plan might have higher expected utility. Once sufficient robots agree with the proposal, the plan is initiated. The algorithm successfully balances the value of cooperative sensing against the cost of sharing large volumes of information. Experiments verify the utility of the approach, showing that the algorithm dramatically out-performs individual decision- making and obtains performance similar to a centralized approach. Copyright  2008, Intemational Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems. All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	18	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Cooperative perception,Robotics,Situation assessment
Weighting analysis by using grey method	2008	Journal of Discrete Mathematical Sciences and Cryptography	In this paper, we focus on the weighting finding, based on this reason, we introduce the grey relational grade method as our mathematics method, and according to there characteristic, we present the global grey relational grade as our mathematics method to find the weighting in the real system, and this is the first contribution of this research. Second, a toolbox, which is created by VB is developed to implement the computational process, and it is user friendly and easy to operate, this is the second contribution in this research. Third, a real case, which is the analyzing of winning factor in Mahjong, is presented to implement the feasibility of our approach and toolbox.  2008 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Analysis,Algebra and Number Theory,Applied Mathematics	None
An ontology-based crawler for the semantic web	2008	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2008.We present work in progress on automated and ontology-guided discovery, extraction and mapping of information sources on the Semantic Web. It concerns an ontology-guided focused crawler to discover and match different data sources. We have developed an automated ontology-matcher embedded in the crawler that relates semantic web documents found during the crawl to an initial topic ontology that describes the domain of interest of the crawl. Similarity coefficients resulting from the matching process are used to guide the crawler to the information sources relevant to the modelled domain of interest. In addition, the matching process also provides links between the different data sources, which helps in the integration of this data at a later stage. In this paper, the overall architecture, the various modules and methods actually implemented are presented.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
A branch-and-price-and-cut method for ship scheduling with limited risk	2008	Transportation Science	Maritime logistics operations are full of uncertainty such as severe weather, mechanical problems, strikes, and fluctuating freight rates. Traditional ship-scheduling models ignore uncertainty, even in highly volatile markets. Although ship operators can increase revenue by delivering many spot cargoes, they have to embrace the risk of the fluctuation of spot rates. We present a set-packing model that limits risk using a quadratic variance constraint. We use a traditional Kelley's cutting plane algorithm and a delayed column-and-cut generation (branch-and-price-and-cut) algorithm on medium-sized ship-scheduling problems with restricted variance. We develop a second set of cuts that are more restrictive under certain conditions. Computational results show that the variance of profit can be significantly reduced with a reasonable increase in cost.  2008 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	26	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Branch-and-cut-and-price,Convex programming,Quadratic constraint,Risk reduction,Ship scheduling
Um modelo híbrido (CLP-MILP) para scheduling de operaçõ es em polidutos	2008	Pesquisa Operacional	This work is motivated by the need of optimization in the pipeline-oil distribution scenario. The considered problem involves the short-term scheduling of activities in a specific pipeline. The pipeline is 93.5 km in length, and it connects refinery and harbor tankfarms, conveying different types of commodities (gasoline, diesel, kerosene, etc). An optimization model was developed to determine the pipeline scheduling with improved efficiency. Such model combines Constraint Logic Programming (CLP) and Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) in an integrated CLP-MILP framework. The proposed model uses decomposition strategies, continuous time representation, and intervals that represent time constraints (time windows). Real cases were solved in a reduced computational time (order of seconds). The computational results have demonstrated that the model is able to define new operational points to the pipeline, providing significant cost saving. Indeed the CLP-MILP model is an efficient tool to aid the operational decision-making within this real-world pipeline scenario.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	4	Management Science and Operations Research	Constraint Logic Programming (CLP),Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP),Pipeline scheduling
An interactive particle swarm optimisation for selecting a product family and designing its supply chain	2008	International Journal of Computer Applications in Technology	A platform-based product development with mixed market-modular strategy can maintain product differentiation and help trade-off the cost and price premium drawing capability. This paper formulates a multi-objective problem to select a product family and design its supply chain and uses an Interactive Particle Swarm Optimisation (IPSO) approach. A case study for a wiring harness supplier of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) manufacturer is considered and IPSO is implemented to solve it. The results establish that the platform-based product development serves the purpose of maintaining market diversity with near optimal cost and profits; more explorative insights are concern of future research.  2008 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	14	Software,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	modules,platform-based product development,process flexibility,product family,supply chain
View composition in multiagent architectures	2008	International Journal of Agent-Oriented Software Engineering	Experience with a multiagent architecture for an industrial Automatic Guided Vehicle Transportation System (AGVTS) reveals a lack of support for relating and composing multiple views in architectural descriptions. This prevents separating concerns while maintaining a good overview of the architecture as a whole, hampering changeability. We argue for expl icit support for relating and composing views. Concretely, we propose three types of relations that allow specifying and composing structural views. As validation, we extend xADL with concepts of relations and compositions. The usability and consequences of this extension are assessed in the context of the multiagent architecture for the AGVTS. We learn that the approach improves changeability by offering explicit support for (1) separating concerns in separate views and (2) composing the overall architecture. There is an additional cost of documenting relations. Nevertheless, documenting view relations gives rise to architectural descriptions that are more expressive and less ambiguous. Copyright  2008 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	8	Software	ADL,Architectural description language,Composition,MAS,Multiagent architectures,Multiagent systems,Relations,Separation of concerns
Facilities design, third edition	2008	Facilities Design, Third Edition	2008 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Delineating the proper design, layout, and location of facilities, this book strikes a healthy balance between theory and practice. It provides an understanding of the practical aspects of implementing preliminary designs development through analytical models. The third edition of a bestseller, it features updated multimedia tools, new software, and additional exercise problems. The text presents analytical performance evaluation models and tests them using software available for download on the web. An appendix offers queuing and queuing models along with simulation examples. Each chapter includes a set of review questions for self-study.	Book	b	bk	Book	United States	0	Engineering (all),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
Manufacturing facilities: Location, planning, and design, third edition	2008	Manufacturing Facilities: Location, Planning, and Design, Third Edition	2008 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Fierce global competition in manufacturing has made proficient facilities planning a mandatory issue in industrial engineering and technology. From plant layout and materials handling to quality function deployment and design considerations, Manufacturing Facilities: Location, Planning, and Design, Third Edition covers a wide range of topics crucial to the efficiency of a well-planned facility. Proper Planning Thoroughly updated and revised, the third edition of this classic volume provides the information and analytical tools necessary to move from product designs to production plans and then details all of the planning techniques needed to build a manufacturing facility where safety, efficiency, and profit are interdependent. Divided into two parts, the first section describes all the factors involved in setting up a manufacturing plant. It covers product design, the choice of manufacturing processes, and plant layout, as well as production, material-handling, and storage systems. The author also highlights the importance of the selection of labor resources. Proper Location The second part examines subjective aspects, such as how to maximize efficiency and save resources. It discusses how to choose the best location and how to assign customers to each facility to minimize the overall cost of operation. It also reviews the process of selecting sites for proximity to emergency service facilities, and explains how to determine the best layout within a building for tool rooms, materials, machining, shipping, inspection, and other departments. Proper Attitude Wise planning results in efficient allocation of available resources for any project. This comprehensive reference empowers engineers, facility planners, and students in manufacturing programs to effectively develop both the method and the mindset required to create an efficient and integrated production facility.	Book	b	bk	Book	United States	16	Engineering (all),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
