Operation of vehicles in AGV system and method for analyzing the operation	2009	IEEJ Transactions on Industry Applications	It is important to discuss the behavior of traffic at merging sections for the design and realization of an automated guided vehicle system (AGVS). In this study, we deal with a merging section of the AGVS by considering a time limit for the merging of vehicles. Near the merging section, traffic flowing in one direction must form a queue to avoid collisions between vehicles. We propose an improvement in the control strategy proposed in the previous research. However it is difficult to analyze the mathematical model of the merging section. Analysis can be performed only for the case in which the time limit is one unit. We also propose a method for analyzing the model for an arbitrary time limit using a linear recurrence relation. We quantitatively discuss the influence of the time limit on the average queue length and the detour rate.  2009 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,FA,Linear recurrence relation,Markov chain,Modeling
Possible improvement of the operation of vehicles driven by omnidirectional wheels	2009	ISCIII '09 - 4th International Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics, Proceedings	Special Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) equipped with at least three omnidirectional wheels may be very useful tools in industrial applications because-in contrast to the Ackerman engines-their position and orientation with respect to the plane of operation can simultaneously be prescribed. So they have the ability for smart and precise navigation in a crowded environment. In the present constructions each wheel can move in arbitrary direction but cannot exert contact force in arbitrary direction in the plane since normally only the big wheels have driving system. The small ones can roll like the wheels of the roller-skates. It will be shown via numerical simulations that this solution requires considerable power consumption since in the turning/rotating phase of the motion the wheels have to work "against each other". To improve this situation a simple solution is outlined that could make it possible to realize coordinated driving of the small wheels, too. Via simulations it is pointed out that simultaneous driving of the big and small wheels could considerably reduce the power consumption of such devices that is a significant factor if the vehicles have to carry their power sources of limited capacity, too. In the simulations the effects of imprecise model parameters are compensated by simple adaptive fixed point transformations developed at Budapest Tech.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Information Systems,Software	None
An MILP for scheduling problems in an FMS with one vehicle	2009	European Journal of Operational Research	This paper concerns the mathematical formulation and optimal solutions for the Flexible Manufacturing Systems Scheduling Problem (FMSSP) with one vehicle. This linear formulation differs from the previously published ones as it takes into account the maximum number of jobs allowed in the system, limited input/output buffer capacities, empty vehicle trips and no-move-ahead trips simultaneously. Our objective is to propose optimal solutions for small and medium-sized instances and to examine a number of commonly used assumptions and heuristics. Computational experiments are carried out on instances adapted from Bilge and Ulusoy [Bilge, Ü., Ulusoy, G., 1995. A time window approach to simultaneous scheduling of machines and material handling system in an FMS. Operations Research 43, 1058-1070] and the following heuristics are evaluated: FIFO (First In First Out) rules for input/output buffer management; and FIFO, SPT (Shortest Processing Time), STT (Shortest Travel Time) and MOQS (Maximum Outgoing Queue Size) rules concerning the vehicle. The consequences of classical assumptions are also studied: ignoring empty trips, ignoring no-move-ahead constraints, and ignoring vehicle-disjunction constraints. The numerical experiments provide a set of optimal solutions and allow to evaluate the performances of heuristic search schemes.  2008.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	57	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	FMS,Job-shop,MILP,Scheduling,Vehicle
Vision-based system for line following mobile robot	2009	2009 IEEE Symposium on Industrial Electronics and Applications, ISIEA 2009 - Proceedings	A vision based application is proposed for a line following mobile robot. A low-cost webcam is used as the sensor and the image buffers are processed via a customized image segregation method to output necessary information for the mobile robot's controller under uncontrollable lighting condition. The task is to allow the mobile robot to navigate through a predefined path marked by a white line on a dark green floor surface. Experimental results shows that the mobile robot successfully able to navigate throughout the provided path. This technique is robust, reliable and easily modified for used in any other applications, such in industrial applications where costly sensors and transducers are normally used.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	27	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Line following,Mobile robot,Vision system
On-line reference trajectory generation for manually convoying a platoon of automatic urban vehicles	2009	2009 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS 2009	Various "Urban Transportation Systems" are currently in developing, in order to put forward solutions to congestion and pollution in dense areas. Autonomous electric vehicles in free-access can be seen as an attractive approach, in view of the large flexibility that can be expected. One instrumental functionality linked to this solution is platoon motion: several autonomous vehicles accurately follow the trajectory of a manually driven first vehicle, with pre-specified inter-distances. A global decentralized platoon control strategy, supported by inter-vehicle communications and relying on nonlinear control techniques is here proposed. Each vehicle is controlled with respect to the same smooth reference trajectory, inferred on-line from the motion of the first vehicle via B-spline optimization. Experimental results, carried out with four urban vehicles, demonstrate the capabilities of the proposed approach.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	7	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles,Mobile robots,Nonlinear control,Path following,Platooning,Trajectory generation
A simulation model for parts selection and routing in manufacturing systems	2009	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The current article proposes a modeling and simulation framework for parts selection and routing in automated guided vehicle systems. The proposed model has been built in Arena and employs several rule-based procedures. Design of experiments is conducted to identify the best sequence of rules to follow to parts selection and routing in order to improve system performance. An application of the model is illustrated using a hypothetical automated guided vehicle system (AGvS) layout.  2009 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	2	Control and Systems Engineering	AGv,Arena,Dispatching,Modeling,Simulation
Modeling strategy by adaptive genetic algorithm for production reactive scheduling with simultaneous use of machines and AGVs	2009	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	The problem of production scheduling of manufacturing systems is characterized by the large number of possible solutions. Several researches have been using the Genetic Algorithms (GA) as a search method to solve this problem since these algorithms have the capacity of globally exploring the search space and find good solutions quickly. Since the performance of the GA is directly related to the choice of the parameters of genetic operators, and a bad choice can depreciate the performance, this paper proposes the use of Adaptive Genetic Algorithm to solve this kind of scheduling problem considering the machines and the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). The aim of this paper is to get a good production reactive schedule in order to achieve a good makespan value in a low response obtaining time. The results of this paper were validated in large scenarios and compared with the results of two other approaches. These results are presented and discussed in this paper. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Adaptive genetic algorithm,Automated guided vehicle,Manufacturing systems,Scheduling,Transportation systems
Simulation of the PEM fuel cell hybrid power train of an automated guided vehicle and comparison with experimental results	2009	24th International Battery, Hybrid and Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition 2009, EVS 24	At HAN University research has been started into the development of a PEM fuel cell hybrid power train to be used in an automated guided vehicle. For this purpose a test facility is used with the possibility to test all important functional aspects of a PEM fuel cell hybrid power train. In this paper the first experimental results of the testing of the power train are presented, driving a drive cycle designed especially for this automated guided vehicle. Experimental results are compared to results for this specific drive cycle from the simulation of the power train with the QSS-toolbox, using a simple battery model of our specific energy storage situation. Further some recommendations for improvement of the test facility are given, resulting from restrictions encountered during the experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Fuel Technology	Fuel cell,HEV (hybrid electric vehicle),Modelling,Nickel cadmium battery,Simulation
Idle vehicle circulation policies in a semiconductor FAB	2009	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Idle vehicle handling is addressed for the path-based automated material handling system (AMHS) in a semiconductor fabrication line. Since a typical semiconductor fabrication line has a single path in each bay and no sidetracks to park idle vehicles, a vehicle should be dispatched to somewhere if necessary even without a new assignment to prevent blocking of other vehicles. We investigate the continuous-move policy, the move-when-necessary policy and their variants. Our simulations show that the idle vehicle circulation policy significantly affects the AMHS productivity, so the policy should be carefully designed for the AMHS instance.  2008 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	16	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,Circulation,Idle vehicle,Overhead hoist transport,Parking
Petri net-based control of the material handling flow path for automated guided vehicles	2009	2009 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2009	Because of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) routing flexibility, they have been used in many manufacturing systems, especially those in which parts with diverse and complex processing routes are made. This paper introduces the design of an material handling flow path control system in a partitioned zone through the timed Petri Nets. The initial requirements of a system specified with sequence diagrams are translated into a single timed Petri net model representing the route behavior of the system. Refer to the specifically part scheduling route for processing, setup a extended material flow matrix, then establish the corresponding timed Petri Net graphs to control a vehicle guide path tracks and location of the pickup (P) and dropoff (D) stations. The flowchart of control system design has its general-purpose modes considering all kind of circular routes with the dwell places, allowing easy adaptations to features corresponding to specific applications is highly desirable. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGVS,Material handling path,Timed petri nets
Design and analysis for AGV systems using competitive co-evolution	2009	Distributed Autonomous Robotic Systems 8	Recently, material-handling systems with Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are being used in manufacturing factories. These programmable AGVs circulate on a guide-path and transport materials in factories (see Fig.1).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Vehicle production with Wireless control	2009	AutoTechnology	Wireless local area network (LAN) has proved to be an effective wireless solution as it ensures potential increase in production flexibility while maintaining the cost in the automotive industry. It is recommended to proceed in a systematic and structured way from planning to commissioning thereby ensuring reliable operation of an Industrial Wireless LAN. The choice of the antenna plays an important role for the efficient functioning of WLAN such as omnidirectional antennas that transmit through 360° on the horizontal, directional antennas, which amplify signals in the direction of a specific opening angle and leaky wave conductors (RCoax antennas). Omnidirectional antennas are used to cover the larger areas in which automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems or personnel with portable HMI devices are moving. Directional antennas are used for the lanes of a high-bay warehouse in which the transport systems move primarily along a straight longitudinal axis and RCoax leaky wave conductor is used for the winding routes of an overhead monorail conveyor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Automotive Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	None
An autonomous robotic system for load transportation	2009	ETFA 2009 - 2009 IEEE Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation	This paper presents an overview of an autonomous robotic system for material handling. The system is being developed by extending the functionalities of traditional AGVs to be able to operate reliably and safely in highly dynamic environments. Traditionally, the reliable functioning of AGVs relies on the availability of adequate infrastructure to support navigation. In the target environments of our system, such infrastructure is difficult to setup in an efficient way. Additionally, the location of objects to handle are unknown, which requires runtime object detection and tracking. Another requirement to be fulfilled by the system is the ability to generate trajectories dynamically, which is uncommon in industrial AGV systems. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	3	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Carrier phase differential GPS based navigation system for automated ground vehicles	2009	60th International Astronautical Congress 2009, IAC 2009	Recently the Global Positioning System (GPS) technologies have made innovations in the guidance area of small mobile robots. Precisely controllable Autonomous Ground Vehicles (AGVs) can support a variety of highly-detailed missions that are operated in unsafe or so difficult environments, such as removal of hazardous chemical, explosive, or radioactive waste. AGVs offer many potential advantages over human control. However unsuccessful operations have happened due to positioning sensor limitations. With the recent development of Carrier Phase Differential GPS(CDGPS) technology a single inexpensive GPS receiver can measure a position of a vehicle's position to within a few centimeter errors. In this paper a Global Navigation Satellite System(GNSS)-based AGV system was designed, and tested on using a golf cart. A simplified vehicle model and a guidance algorithm are employed for a GNSS-based AGVs system. The proposed strategy has been successfully tested in a large field which is associated with three trajectories (straight, circle, curve). Test result of golf cart position error is 0.3m in comparison with reference trajectories.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Space and Planetary Science,Astronomy and Astrophysics	None
Study on AGV posture estimating based on distributed Kalman fusion for multi-sensor	2009	2009 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, ROBIO 2009	AGV is one of important conveying tools in advanced manufacturing system. In order to convey material to the destination safely, exactly and real-timely, the controlling system of AGV must have some functions such as perceiving the surrounding, planning the path, positioning and controlling. Positioning is the key function for AGV to convey the material real-timely and accurately. In this paper, the novel Distributed Kalman Filter based on multi-sensor was designed for XAUT•AGV100 investigated. AGV's attitude angle was estimated by fusing the metrical information from sensors such as encoders, gyro and ultrasonic sensors. It was indicated by the simulation that the designed filter is reliable and effective. It is tested by the experiment of AGV tracking a linear-path that the filter can estimate AGV's attitude angle accurately and timely while AGV is moving. The positioning accuracy of the filter can meet the need of positioning AGV in manufacturing system through theory analysis and experiment.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	8	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Biomaterials	AGV (automated guided vehicle),Data fusion,Distributed Kalman filter,Position
Investigations on benefits generated by using fuzzy numbers in a TOPSIS model developed for automated guided vehicle selection problem	2009	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Selection of the appropriate automated guided vehicle (AGV) for a manufacturing company is a very important but at the same time a complex problem because of the availability of wide-ranging alternatives and similarities among AGVs. Although, the available studies in the literature developed various fuzzy models, they do not propose any approaches to measure the benefits generated by incorporating fuzziness in their selection models. This paper aims to fill this gap by trying to quantify the level of benefit provided by employing the fuzzy numbers in the multi attribute decision making (MADM) models. Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) is used as the MADM approach to rank the AGV in this paper. In the paper, by increasing the fuzziness level steadily in the fuzzy numbers, the obtained AGV rankings are compared with the ranking obtained with the crisp values. The statistical significance of the differences between the ranks is calculated using Spearman's rank-correlation coefficient. It can be observed from the results that as the vagueness and imprecision increases, fuzzy numbers instead of crisp numbers should be used. On the other hand, in situations where there is a low level of fuzziness or the average value of the fuzzy number can be guessed, using crisp numbers will be more than adequate.  2009 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV selection,Fuzzy numbers,Multi Attribute Decision Making (MADM),Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS)
Automatic guided vehicle control by vision system	2009	IEEM 2009 - IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	AGV's control has been developed in several types. This research aims to develop the AGV's control using image processing in order to assist AGV from losing the way when the guide line is missing. The AGV, used for experiment, has three wheels. There are one wheel at the front and another two rear wheels. The front wheel is driving and steering controlled by using DC motors on each axis. An encoder is attached on steering axis which is used to check AGV orientation angle. At two rear wheels, there are also attached encoder which is used to measuring the position of AGV for controlling distance of the AGV motion. PLC is applied for AGV's control application. Wireless color CCD camera is used to be a sensor for detection line's color that is placed on the ground which is the front side of AGV. CCD sensor is applied to navigate the detected path of traveling. Red line is constructed for AGV's path. Image processing is operated for detecting the different of guide line and background. Laplacian operator method is applied for edge detection algorithm including filter and thresholding technique. Computer program will created the virtual line by using trigonometry method and sent current position data to AGV's motion controller. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	13	Management of Technology and Innovation,Information Systems and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automatic guided vehicle,Image processing,Laplacian operator
The simulation design and analysis of a flexible manufacturing system with automated guided vehicle system	2009	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	This paper presents the simulation design and analysis of a Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) with an Automated Guided Vehicle system (AGVs). To maximize the operating performance of FMS with AGVs, many parameters must be considered, including the number, velocity, and dispatching rule of AGV, part-types, scheduling, and buffer sizes. Of the various critical factors, we consider the following three: (1) minimizing the congestion; (2) minimizing the vehicle utilization; and (3) maximizing the throughput. In this paper, we consider the systematic analysis methods that combine a simulation-based analytic and optimization technique that is Multi-Objective Non-Linear Programming (MONLP) and Evolution Strategy (ES). MONLP determines the design parameters of the system through multi-factorial and regression analyses. ES is used to verify each parameter for simulation-based optimization. A validation test for the two methods is conducted. This method-based approach towards design yields the correct experimental results, ensures confidence in the specification of design parameters and supports a robust framework for analysis.  2010 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	61	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle System,Evolution Strategy,Flexible Manufacturing System,Multi Objective Nonlinear Programming,Simulation
Stochastic elements in transportation system simulation - Unnecessary?	2009	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Discrete event system simulation is often seen as a genuine tool to investigate the performance of transportation systems. The complexity of real-world systems often prevents us from accurately describing these by a mathematical model that can be evaluated analytically, thus, simulation is often the only realistic alternative. Another advantage of the simulation is the ability to include statistical analysis for different simulation scenarios. Well-known approaches of incorporating uncertainty into models include trace driven simulations and sampling directly from gathered data. Another aspect to be taken into account is the economics of simulation modelling; a more detailed model requires additional building time, and proper treatment of stochastic models requires statistical analysis, which again usually implies several simulation runs. From this outset the following question arises: Should stochastic behaviour be included in transportation simulation models in the first place? We present real case examples including evaluation of the internal logistics of a beverage manufacturer, capacity analysis of an automatic guided vehicle system, cost benefit analysis (CBA) of a railway network investment and evaluation of different multipurpose railway wagons, where stochastic behaviour is dealt with in different ways. Based on the cases we make an initial attempt to formulate framework for deciding how to include stochastic behaviour in the simulation model. For further research topics we suggest formulating explicit guidelines to deal with stochastics to increase the efficiency of model building.  2009 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	0	Control and Systems Engineering	None
A neural network approach for AGV localization using trilateration	2009	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	This paper describes radio frequency (RF) localization for indoors quasi-structured environments using an artificial neural network (ANN) approach. Making use of available communications sub-system based on wireless protocols, received signal strength indication (RSSI) can become a measurement that sources ANN schemes which emulate trilateration for indoors RF localization. Some ANN learning results are presented which give encouraging insights for going on applying ANN approach to automated guided vehicles (AGVs) indoors localization. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Robust type-2 fuzzy control of an automatic guided vehicle for wall-following	2009	SoCPaR 2009 - Soft Computing and Pattern Recognition	Unexpected conditions are often encountered by practitioners in the navigation of autonomous guided vehicles (AGV). In dynamic circumstances, traditional fuzzy controller using simple type-1 fuzzy sets may not be robust enough to overcome uncertainties caused by noise-corrupted sonar signals. For this reason, an interval type-2 fuzzy wall-following controller (IT2FWFC) is developed to improve the resilience to inaccuracies that can hinder the normal operation of an AGV. The antecedent part of the proposed IT2FWFC is made up of type-2 fuzzy sets and its consequent part is formed from fuzzy singletons. Furthermore, the non-sensitiveness property of the IT2FWFC for noise-elimination is also analyzed in this paper. In order to reduce computational loads during practical control, a simplified center-of-sets (COS) type-reduction procedure with clearly marked rule indices is also developed. Experiment results are included to illustrate the robustness of an AGV when detecting objects with uneven surfaces and exhibiting its wall-following behavior at the same time. The wall-following behavior of the IT2FWFC outperforms that of the type-1 fuzzy wall-following controller (T1FWFC) designed previously by the same framework of this paper.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	10	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	Autonomous guided vehicle,Interval type-2 fuzzy logic control,Noise-elimination,Simplified type-reduction procedure,Wall-following behavior
Applying stochastic programming for optimizing production time and cost inan automated manufacturing system	2009	2009 International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE 2009	This study concerns with optimizing both time and cost in an automatedmanufacturing system. In the proposed system material handling is by automatedguided vehicles and some robots do the manufacturing functions. In this waydefect rates, break down times, waiting time, processing time, and otherparameters are not deterministic. Therefore, we apply stochastic programming tooptimize the production time and material handling cost.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated guided vehicle,Automated manufacturing system,Material handling,Production time,Stochastic programming
Control methodology of transfer crane with look-ahead rule in harbor transportation system	2009	Distributed Autonomous Robotic Systems 8	Currently, container ships move cargo with minimal participation from inland chassis trucks. However, there is slack time between the departure of container ships and the completion of cargo handling of container ships without the participation of inland chassis trucks; therefore, inland chassis trucks can be used to move cargo without delaying the departure time. In this paper, we propose a solution involving the control algorithms of transfer cranes (TC). The TCs work according to the heuristic rules with look-ahead to forecast the arrival times of yard and inland chassis trucks. Simulation results show that the waiting time of inland chassis trucks can be reduced to meet the departure times of container ships.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Motion control of the soccer robot based on fuzzy logic	2009	AIP Conference Proceedings	Robot soccer is a challenging platform for multi-agent research, involving topics such as real-time image processing and control, robot path planning, obstacle avoidance and machine learning. The conventional robot control consists of methods for path generation and path following. When a robot moves away the estimated path, it must return immediately, and while doing so, the obstacle avoidance behavior and the effectiveness of such a path are not guaranteed. So, motion control is a difficult task, especially in real time and high speed control. This paper describes the use of fuzzy logic control for the low level motion of a soccer robot. Firstly, the modelling of the soccer robot is presented. The soccer robot based on MiroSoT Small Size league is a differential-drive mobile robot with non-slipping and pure-rolling. Then, the design of fuzzy controller is describes. Finally, the computer simulations in MATLAB Simulink show that proposed fuzzy logic controller works well.  2009 American Institute of Physics.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	1	Physics and Astronomy (all)	fuzzy logic controller,motion control,soccer robots
Simple adaptive dynamical control of vehicles driven by omnidirectional wheels	2009	ICCC 2009 - IEEE 7th International Conference on Computational Cybernetics	Precise control of Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) navigating between the aisles of manufacturing systems by the use of local markers is an important task. On the basis of the geometric model of the workspace and the vehicles and that of the sensor uncertainties precise trajectories were recently generated along which the vehicle safely can move. In order to achieve precise trajectory tracking the effects of the system's dynamical uncertainties (modeling errors and possible external perturbations) have to be compensated. In the present paper a simple, Fixed point transformations based adaptive control is proposed for this purpose. The proposed method is tested via simulation for a vehicle of triangular shape, driven by three omnidirectional wheels. The method is also able to monitor and evade the conditions that may lead to turning over the vehicle. 2009IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	5	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Moving robots' mind of autonomous decentralized FMS and mind change control	2009	Proceedings of the 14th International Symposium on Artificial Life and Robotics, AROB 14th'09	This paper describes the control of the moving robots in an autonomous decentralized FMS by moving robots' mind change. In Autonomous Decentralized Flexible Manufacturing System where a lot of moving robots operate, there are problems of path interference. There is an existing method we have developed, called AAA used to evade from these interference problems. However, using this method, it is very difficult to grasp entirely the innumerable path interference situations that really occur. Therefore, to evade these unexpected situations flexibly, we propose the mind model which is the complicated expression of combinations from the three elements: Stimulation Vector, Unit and Load. Even if a same situation happens, moving robots take different actions when the mind is changed. ISAROB 2009.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction	AGV,FMS,Mind,Path interference,Robot moving collision
Fuel cell hybrid drive train test facility	2009	24th International Battery, Hybrid and Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition 2009, EVS 24	Fuel cells are expected to play an important role in the near future as prime energy source on board of roadgoing vehicles. In order to be able to test all important functional aspects of a fuel cell hybrid drive train, the Automotive Institute of the HAN University has decided to realize a stationary test facility, comprising an 8 kW PEM stack and a 185 [Ah] 48 [V] NiCd battery, which is connected to an asynchronous motor, which is loaded by an eddy current brake. The objective of the test facility is to provide an efficient and accessible test platform for the development of fuel cell hybrid drive trains and subsystems. This paper describes the HAN fuel cell hybrid drive train test facility and some of the experimental results that have been obtained during the process that was needed to make the facility operational.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Fuel Technology	Control system,Demonstration,Education,PEM fuel cell,Test facility
Mobile robot path tracking using fuzzy logic	2009	Proceedings of the 13th WSEAS International Conference on Systems - Held as part of the 13th WSEAS CSCC Multiconference	Soccer robot is a challenging platform for multi-agent research, involving topics such as real-time image processing and control, robot path planning, obstacle avoidance and machine learning. The conventional robot control consists of methods for path generation and path following. When a robot moves away the estimated path, it must return immediately, and while doing so, the obstacle avoidance behavior and the effectiveness of such a path are not guaranteed. So, motion control is a difficult task, especially in real time and high speed control. To achieve good tracking capability, this paper proposes a path following approach based on fuzzy logic. The fuzzy logic control is used for the low level motion of a soccer robot. Firstly, the modeling of the soccer robot is presented. The soccer robot based on MiroSoT Small Size league is a differential-drive mobile robot with non-slipping and pure-rolling. Then, the design of fuzzy controller is describes. To validate the proposed fuzzy algorithm two experiments have been run: in the first experiment, the robot moves toward the static ball and shoots to the opponent goal; in the second, the robot avoid two obstacles and arrive at the desired position and shoots to the opponent goal.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy logic controller,MiroSoT,Mobile robot,Path tracking
High-performance electric vehicle battery with lithium iron phosphate for positive active material	2009	24th International Battery, Hybrid and Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition 2009, EVS 24	LiFePO 4 is very attractive positive active material because of its features such as environmentally-friendly chemicals and high thermal stability. New prototype carbon-loaded LiFePO 4/graphite lithium-ion cells with large capacity of 25 Ah have been developed for electric vehicles (EVs) applications. The developed cells show remarkably high discharge performance with a flat voltage profile and high-rate capacity retention of 99% even at large current of 5 CA (125 A). The specific output power turned out to be high value over 600 W/kg at 50% SOC at 25°C. The cells exhibit outstandingly good cycle life and calendar life performances even at high ambient temperature of 45°C compared with the LiMn 2O 4/graphite system for EVs, automatic guided vehicles (AGVs), and so on. Furthermore, it was found that the cells showed the superior safety of EUCAR hazard level 3 from the result of crush and overcharge tests. The developed prototype carbon-loaded LiFePO 4/graphite lithium-ion cells will be suitable for EVs applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Fuel Technology	Battery calendar life,Cycle life,EV,Lithium battery,Safety
Fast and seamless handover for secure mobile industrial applications with 802.11r	2009	Proceedings - Conference on Local Computer Networks, LCN	Concerning its temporal behavior the latency caused by a handover from one access point (AP) to another is of particular interest for mobile industrial applications, e.g. automated guided vehicles, due to their real-time requirements in the range of a few milliseconds. With the advancements of wireless local area networks, fast roaming support has become one of the most important issues in IEEE 802.11. The IEEE 802.11r standard amendment has been specified to address roaming capabilities of real-time applications with an attempt to minimize BSS transition time while still providing the 802.11i security and 802.11e QoS. 802.11r permits seamless connectivity with a fast and secure handover from one AP to another within the same mobility domain. It provides an opportunity to derive encryption keys prior to a reassociation to reduce the connectivity loss during the handover. It also provides features for resource reservation and central mobility management. This paper presents an implementation of 802.11r based on a Linux operating system. It uses a softMAC approach that allows moving the processing of MAC layer management entity (MLME) from kernelspace to userspace. Measurement results show the performance gain of 802.11r as compared to a legacy implementation in terms of a handover time reduction, which is a core requirement of wireless industrial networks. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	10	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture	802.11r,Basic service set transition,Extensible authentication protocol,Fast handover,Wireless industrial networks
Obstacle avoidance and trajectory replanification for a group of communicating vehicles	2009	2009 9th International Conference on Intelligent Transport Systems Telecommunications, ITST 2009	Various "Urban Transportation Systems" are currently in developing, in order to put forward solutions to congestion and pollution in dense areas. Autonomous electric vehicles in free-access can be seen as an attractive approach, in view of the large flexibility that can be expected. One instrumental functionality linked to this solution is platoon motion: several autonomous vehicles accurately follow a trajectory defined on a dedicated circulation lane, with pre-specified inter-distances. A global decentralized platoon control strategy, supported by inter-vehicle communications and relying on nonlinear control techniques is here proposed. In the nominal case, each vehicle is controlled with respect to the same smooth reference trajectory modelled by cubic B-Splines. This trajectory is locally modified and relayed on-line when a vehicle detects an obstacle. The trajectory distortion naturally reflects a driver's behaviour, since it consists in approximated clothoidal trajectories and the use of B-Splines ensures consistent connections. Experimental results, carried out with several urban vehicles, demonstrate the capabilities of the proposed approach. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Transportation	Automatic guided vehicles,Mobile robots,Nonlinear control,Platooning,Vehicle-to-vehicle communications
Vehicle detection and recognition for automated guided vehicle	2009	ICCAS-SICE 2009 - ICROS-SICE International Joint Conference 2009, Proceedings	In this paper, we present a two-stage vision-based approach to detect front and rear vehicle views in road scene images using eigenspace and a support vector machine for classification. The first stage is hypothesis generation (HG), in which potential vehicles are hypothesized. During the hypothesis generation step, we use a vertical, horizontal edge map to create potential regions where vehicles may be present. The second stage is hypothesis verification (HV). In this stage, all hypotheses are verified by using a Principle Component Analysis (PCA) for feature extraction and a Support Vector Machine (SVM) for classification, which is robust for both front and rear vehicle view detection problems. Our methods have been tested on different real road images and show very good performance.  2009 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,Driver assistance systems,Hypothesis Generation (HG),Hypothesis Verification (HV),Principle Component Analysis (PCA),Self-guided vehicles,Support Vector Machine (SVM),Vision-based
Planning block widths for storage yards of container terminals with parallel blocks	2009	IEEM 2009 - IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	Container terminals have different layout structures depending on the equipment used and the orientation of their storage blocks. In this paper we discuss the influence of different block widths on the yard performance for a terminal with parallel blocks. Different trade-offs are described that have to be taken into consideration when planning the block width of a container terminal yard. Formulas are derived to estimate expected travel times for trucks and yard cranes for different possible block widths. For an exemplary scenario numerical results are presented. The results for the exemplary scenario show that an optimal block width regarding the yard performance has eight rows. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Management of Technology and Innovation,Information Systems and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Block width,Container terminal,Storage yard layout
Modeling and optimal control of automated trolleys	2009	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Automated trolleys have been developed to meet the needs of material handling in industries. The velocity of automated trolleys is regulated by an S-shaped (or trapezoid-shaped) acceleration and deceleration profile. In consequence of the velocity profile, the control system of automated trolleys is nonlinear and open-looped. In order to linearize the control system, we use a second order dynamic element to replace the acceleration and declaration curve in practice, and design an optimal controller under the quadratic cost function. Performance of the proposed approach is also compared to the conventional method. The simulation shows a better dynamic performance of the developed control system. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Automated trolleys,LQ problem,Optimal control
Robust flatness-based control of an AGV under varying load and friction conditions	2009	2009 IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA 2009	This paper presents the control strategy adopted to ensure low jerk variations in path tracking operations of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in industrial environments. The system is focused on robustness, performance and ease configuration of the maneuvers. Robustness is improved by combining algebraic techniques for robust intelligent feedback control with differential flatness. Besides, it is easily configurable by the definition of a velocity profile decoupled of geometric path. Some simulated results show the dramatic improvement with respect to more standard flatness-based controllers. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	8	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Pipeless batch plant with operating robots for a multiproduct production system	2009	Distributed Autonomous Robotic Systems 8	Chemical process industries need to be able to adapt to the fast changing market to meet consumer demands. A pipeless batch plant with multiple operating robots for a high-mix and low-volume production system which has more flexibility and agility is developed in this paper. For more efficient use of the plant resources, such as movable vessel robots, coupling robots, and production tasks, operational models for a vessel route planning, coupling robot operation dispatching, and task assignment are proposed as an integrated control methodology. Finally, the effectiveness of the operational models for the pipeless batch plant system is discussed and shown through the simulation experiment. Furthermore, a system bottleneck is analyzed for more effective plant system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Towards a low-cost autonomous object manipulation device	2009	Journal of Engineering and Applied Sciences	This paper describes the development of a low-cost autonomous mobile robot for transporting distributed objects in a manufacturing application. A VEX mobile robot kit is utilized to design and construct a prototype robot that is employed in a model object transfer task. For autonomous operation, the behaviour-based programming method is employed to build two complex behaviours that are sequentially executed. The performance of the designed robot is evaluated by measuring the time taken to transport up to five objects to the goal location. Experimental results indicate that the prototype robot can successfully transport objects to the goal and re-grasp unsuccessfully manipulated objects.  2006-2009 Asian Research Publishing Network (ARPN).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Fiji	2	Engineering (all)	Autonomous,Behaviour-based control,Manipulation,Mobile robot
Material logistic process control in hierarchical workshop model	2009	IET Conference Publications	Logistic control and schedule is an extremely necessary part of production schedule in workshop. By using hierarchical model as the object of research, material logistic process control in workshop is studied. First, a four layer hierarchical control structure is presented according to literature study and production practice, and rational material logistic control conventions of hierarchical model are defined. Then, overall logistic control model of workshop is established based on those conventions via an instance; Next, main logistic control processes like task start-up, part machining including activities like waiting for machining, machining and waiting for transportation and part transportation including activities as loading, downloading between different layers are analysed, and key process control logics are listed. Key technologies as rule based logistic control, logistic buffer, AGV sensor and close-looped data collection are refined. Finally, development and implementation validates the feasibility and effectiveness of the model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV sensor,Close-looped data collection,Hierarchical model,Logistic buffer,Rules based logistic control
An agent-based approach for scheduling under consideration of the influencing factors in FMS	2009	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	Production scheduling classically regards the processing units as the only constraining factor. However, scheduling for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) involves a set of other allocation decisions like allocating jobs to transportation units. Ignoring the relevant allocation decisions has led to widening the gap between theory and practice. In this paper, an agent-based approach for a comprehensive scheduling for FMS is presented. This approach allows for generating a production schedule under consideration of the affecting resources. This is made possible by representing resources as agents. The generation of a schedule results from the goal-oriented interaction among the concerned agents. Based on the illustration of application scenarios, it is shown that this approach results in enhancing the overall performance. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Model of contactless power transfer system for linear track	2009	Proceedings of the International Conference on Power Electronics and Drive Systems	This paper proposed a model of Contactless Power Transfer System(CPTS), which adopted a transformer with big air-gap and long primary wires. The system has the characters of long leakage inductance, small magnetizing inductance and low coupling coefficient. It makes the transmission efficiency very low, this model improved system efficiency by adopting resonance of compensation capacitance and leakage inductance in transfering energy to the load. The Maxwell/IsSpice simulation is applied to verify the feasibility. A contactless power transfer system for linear track is confirmed. The experimental evidence reported 0.21 Ω primary coil impedance and 7 A primary current. The transferring efficiency of CPTS can reach 76%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Contactless Power Transfer System (CPTS),Contactless transformer
Maintenance of robot's equilibrium in a noisy environment with fuzzy controller	2009	Proceedings - 2009 IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Computing and Intelligent Systems, ICIS 2009	Tasks that involve controlling complex systems have been less prevalent due to the lack of analytical methods that can adequately handle uncertainty and concisely represent knowledge in practical control systems. Recent research and application employing non-analytical methods of computing such as fuzzy logic, evolutionary computation, and neural networks have demonstrated the utility and potential of these paradigms for intelligent control of complex systems. In this paper we present a fuzzy logic controller for a mobile robot which can handle external forces and maintain robot's equilibrium in a noisy environment. These forces with different angles and magnitudes deviate the robot from its path, but the fuzzy logic controller handle them properly and place the mobile robot in the right path to destination. Based on its design simplicity, its ease of implementation, and its robustness properties, a fuzzy logic controller is used in this paper to control robot's equilibrium. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	3	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering	Environmental noise,Fuzzy logic controller,Mobile robot
Accurate positioning using short-range communications	2009	2009 International Conference on Ultra Modern Telecommunications and Workshops	Satellite-based positioning systems such as GPS have been used for positioning by the transportation industry for decades. Accurate positioning (<1 cm error) requires the availability of multiple (5+) GPS signals which is 'possible' only in suburban communities but utterly unachievable in urban areas. We are motivated by the inevitably and imperative need to resolve accurate positioning issues for transportation and industrial applications. In this research we focus on developing positioning scheme based on short-range wireless signals. To achieve that, we develop a system assuming the availability of multiple fixed access points (5+) and employ Time-Difference-of-Arrival (TDoA) with Kalman Filter. We also discuss multi/tri-lateration and evaluate some of the root causes for Dilution of Precision (DoP) of calculated positioning. We use fixed calibrated 2.4 GHz access points. We use realtime observed data while applying our model off-line. We extended the model to mimic the 5.9 GHz Dedicated Short Range Communications (DSRC) signals as defined in IEEE 1609.x. Results are compared in each case and compared to accurately calibrated Differential Global Positioning System (DGPS) record captured on the same testing. We maintained clear Line-of-Sight (LoS) throughout our evaluation and used low speed of the moving vehicles (< 60 Km/h). 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	4	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Networks and Communications	DSRC,RAP,WiFi
Visibility line based methods for UAV path planning	2009	ICCAS-SICE 2009 - ICROS-SICE International Joint Conference 2009, Proceedings	This paper addresses path planning algorithms for an Uninhabited Aerial Vehicle (UAV) based on Visibility Lines (VL) method for real time applications. VL has been chosen because it provides a solution with optimal path length i.e. minimal distance travelled from starting point to target point. However, as known, the main problem with VL is that the computational burdensome grows exponentially as the number of obstacles increases; hence, the VL method cannot be applied in real-time applications especially when a large number of obstacles are present. To overcome such problems, we have developed algorithms based on VL called Base Line-Oriented Visibility Line (BLOVL) and its associate, Core Algorithm (CA) in which only the obstacles that intersect with the base line and their extensions are considered. As these algorithms calculate the path relatively fast, they are capable to plan UAV's new path to avoid pop-up obstacles with minimal length and reach safely at the target point. Through simulations, BLOVL & CA algorithms have been proven to produce better results over the original VL method in term of processing time with optimal solution. Since both algorithms allow planning and re-planning executed faster, they are applicable for real-time applications in dynamic environments.  2009 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	16	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Base line-oriented visibility line,Path planning,Visibility lines
A simultaneous localization and mapping algorithm for field robots based on laser range sensor and stereo vision	2009	American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers Annual International Meeting 2009, ASABE 2009	An improved simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) algorithm for a field robot is proposed in this paper. The algorithm enables the field robot to efficiently build a 2D and 3D graphic model of its environment based on the data acquired by a laser range sensor and a stereo vision camera module. Since reliable localization is an essential component of any autonomous vehicle, this research focused on the development of the methodology and experimentation of the SLAM algorithm that may be utilized in either indoor or outdoor environments. The sensor fusion design aspect and robot localization method are also presented in relation to the desired accuracy and possible agricultural applications such as greenhouse management and autonomous navigation in an open field. We emphasized in the derivation of the kinematic model of the field robot, particle filter, and path planning to enhance the performance of the SLAM algorithm and autonomous navigation. The experimental results have shown that the developed SLAM algorithm can deliver good accuracy in accordance with the initial uncertainty of the field robot. Based on the reconstructed map and the localization method, the developed field robot was able to navigate in an agricultural environment with desirable accuracy. Analyses of absolute and relative errors of field robot localization are discussed. It was also demonstrated that the developed SLAM algorithm successfully constructed and maintained maps for long runs. 096395.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all)	Autonomous navigation,Field robot,Kalman filter,Particle filter,SLAM
Automatic guidance system for trolley-powered mining haul trucks	2009	Conference Record - IAS Annual Meeting (IEEE Industry Applications Society)	The work presented in this paper is useful to any application involving a trolley-powered vehicle; however, it is of interest, in particular, to trolley-powered haul trucks operated at open pit mining sites. The paper presents a designed and developed prototype for an automatic guidance system for an overhead electric-powered truck. The main purpose of the automatic guidance system is to maintain the truck inline under the overhead power lines, allowing it to achieve higher speeds on grade. In an open pit mine with a trolley operation, this would be an added feature to the direct trolley and diesel boost application. The automatic guidance system would assist or completely relieve the driver when the truck is running on trolley, and hence, full utilization of the overhead trolley system would be achieved. The microcontroller-based guidance system measures simple quantities directly from the overhead power lines, and sends commands to guide the vehicle without the need for tracks or buried wires. The system is tested and validated on a model truck powered by overhead lines, which is designed and built to emulate the real haul truck of mining sites.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Saudi Arabia	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guidance,Diesel boost,Haul trucks,Mining,Overhead power lines,Overhead powered vehicles,Trolley
An emulation platform for intelligent scheduling algorithm in automated container terminal	2009	Summer Computer Simulation Conference 2009, SCSC 2009, Part of the 2009 International Summer Simulation Multiconference, ISMc	This paper introduces a highly efficient and reliable emulation platform for an automatic container loading/unloading yard with a low elevation rail subsystem, for testing and verifying different algorithms. It includes the features of the emulation platform, such as the system architecture, modules, messaging mechanism for inter-communications among modules, and internal structure. It also presents two scheduling algorithms: Centralized (CA) and Multilevel Distributed (MDA). Their optimization strategies and performances are discussed. The results from running the platform have verified the stability, the repeatability and the accuracy of the platform.  2009 Simulation councils, inc.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Modeling and Simulation	Automated container terminal,Emulation platform,Intelligent scheduling,Multilevel distributed algorithm,Real-time scheduling
Possibilities of reduction of the on-board energy for an innovative subway	2009	World Electric Vehicle Journal	An innovative subway has been proposed using supercapacitors as energy source. In this paper, are presented different possibilities to reduce on-board stored energy in order to downsize the on-board energy storage subsystem. Special attention is paid to the influence of a feeding rail extension or a downward slope at the beginning of the interstation on the on-board stored energy. A map is built to facilitate the selection of the solution which leads to reduce the on-board energy.  2009 AVERE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Automotive Engineering	Energy gain,Energy sizing,Energy storage,On-board energy,Subway,Supercapacitor,Traction system,Ultracapacitor
Transporter scheduling based on a network flow model under a dynamic blocktransportation environment	2009	2009 International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE 2009	This paper considers a transporter scheduling problem under dynamic blocktransportation environment in shipbuilding. In dynamic situations, there existthe addition, cancellation or change of block transportation requirements,sudden breakdowns, and maintenance of transporters. Some blocks are available tobe picked up at a specific time during the planning horizon while some otherblocks need to be delivered before a specific time. These requirements cause twopenalty times: 1) delay times incurred when a block is picked up after arequired start time, and 2) tardy times incurred when a block shipment iscompleted after a required delivery time. The blocks are located at differentareas in the shipyard and transported by transporters. The objective of thispaper is to propose a heuristic algorithm based on a network flow model whichminimize the weighted sum of empty transporter travel times, delay times, andtardy times. Also, a rolling scheduling algorithm is proposed for dynamic blocktransportation environment. The performance of the proposed heuristic algorithmsare evaluated through a simulation experiment.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Dynamic block transportation environment,Networkflow model,Rolling scheduling,Shipbuilding,Transporter scheduling
Decentralized control design for large-scale linear systems in the presence of multi-layer nested saturation	2009	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Control Applications	This paper considers the design of decentralized controllers for large-scale linear systems subject to multi-layer nested saturation. The design of decentralized state feedback laws that result in large domains of attraction are formulated as optimization problems with LMI and BMI constraints. Numerical algorithms are developed to solve these problems.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Mathematics (all)	Actuator saturation,Decentralized control,Large-scale systems,Multi-layer saturation,Neural network
Possibilities of reduction of the on-board energy for an innovative subway	2009	24th International Battery, Hybrid and Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition 2009, EVS 24	An innovative subway has been proposed using supercapacitors as energy source. In this paper are presented, different possibilities to reduce on-board stored energy in order to downsize the on-board energy storage subsystem. Special attention is paid to the influence of a feeding rail extension or a downward slope at the beginning of the interstation on the on-board stored energy. A map is built to facilitate the selection of the solution which leads to reduce the on-board energy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Fuel Technology	Energy gain,Energy sizing,Energy storage,On-board energy,Subway,Supercapacitor,Traction system,Ultracapacitor
Web-based production management and control in a distributed manufacturing environment	2009	Collaborative Design and Planning for Digital Manufacturing	This chapter presents a methodology for web-based manufacturing management and control. The methodology is a part of a WebMachining system, which is based on the e-manufacturing concept. The WebMachining virtual company encompasses three distributed manufacturing systems, all of them located in different cities in Brazil, i.e. a flexible manufacturing cell (FMC) at GRACO/UnB (Brasília), a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) at SOCIESC (Joinville), and a lathe at UFSC (Florianopolis). The methodology includes planning, scheduling, control, and remote manufacturing of components. A user (customer) uses the manufacturing services provided by the WebMachining virtual company through the Internet, in order to execute operations and processes to design and manufacture the components. The proposed methodology integrates engineering and manufacturing management through an enterprise resource planning (ERP) software that previews which of the three systems will produce the ordered component, and this decision is based on parameters related to each of the three systems. After the decision, the ERP system will generate the production schedule. Also in this work, the implementation aspects of a web-based shop floor controller for the FMC at GRACO/UnB are presented. The FMC consists of a Romi Galaxy 15M turning centre, an ASEA IRB6 robot manipulator, a Mitutoyo LSM-6100 laser micrometer, an automated guided vehicle (AGV), and a pallet to store the blank and finished components. The functional model, which depicts the modules and their relationships in the web-based shop floor controller, serves as a basic model to implement the real system. After that, the proposed implementation architecture based on the object-oriented technology is presented.  2009 Springer London.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Brazil	1	Engineering (all)	None
Simulation-based personnel planning for materials handling at a cross-docking center under retail distribution environment	2009	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	This study focuses on the personnel planning of materials handling at a real cross-docking center under a retail distribution environment. Materials handling at a cross-docking center is complicated and labour intensive. Managers are usually under enormous pressure to optimize personnel planning to deal with an increasing variety of items handled by different processes. In this study, a flexible and stepwise procedure of personnel planning is proposed to minimize the total personnel expenses at a cross-docking center, especially taking merchandise mixing and operator skills into consideration. The procedure includes adopting simulation together with integer programming. In addition, the procedure is applied to an actual cross-docking center in order to confirm its effectiveness. Furthermore, the proposed method is found to be both practical and powerful to assist logistics managers in their personnel planning efforts. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	12	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Integrated operational techniques for efficient robotic batch manufacturing systems	2009	2009 IEEE International Symposium on Assembly and Manufacturing, ISAM 2009	This paper focuses on a batch manufacturing system with multiple industrial robots. In this system, material-handling robots (MHRs) and material-processing robots (MPRs) are operating. Inappropriate operations of these robots might cause a bottleneck. In addition, a bottleneck is a constraint that dominates the entire system performance, that is, the productivity. Therefore, for an efficient system, these robots have to operate appropriately while relating to each other. This is a challenge in this study. We propose the following operational techniques: route planning approaches for the MHR and operation dispatching rules for the MPR on the basis of task-assignment to the robots that will reduce the effect of a bottleneck. Furthermore, reactive cooperation among the MPRs, so that the robots respond to a fluctuating heavy workload caused by the shifting bottleneck, is an essential operational technique. Throughout the simulation experiments, each combination of the operational techniques is examined; finally, the integrated operational techniques are shown. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Modeling and control program design of automated storage and retrieval system	2009	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To improve the design efficiency and quality of logistics control system in modern manufacturing enterprises, a modeling design method based on Signal Timed Colored Resource Petri Nets (STCRPNs) for Automated Storage and Retrieval System (AS/RS) was put forward. This method used STCRPNs to construct the dynamic model of AS/RS, which could clearly denote various logistic movements and the sequence, concurrence, conflict relationships among them in AS/RS. And by combining association matrix tools, the method to judge deadlock and trap in the model was explained. The dynamic model could also be simplified according to Petri Nets calculation rules so as to conveniently conduct simulation analysis and verification. And the STCRPNs model could directly applied to design the programmable logic controller control program. A case study on a real application was provided for interpreting the modeling design process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated storage and retrieval system (AS/RS),Ladder diagram,Logistics,Modeling,Petri nets,Programmable logic controller
Experimental verification of dynamic petri recurrent-fuzzy-neural-network path tracking control design for mobile robot	2009	2009 IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA 2009	This study focuses on the design of a dynamic Petri recurrent-fuzzy-neural- network (DPRFNN), and this network structure is applied to the path tracking control of a nonholonomic mobile robot for verifying its validity. In the DPRFNN, the concept of a Petri net (PN) with dynamic threshold value and the recurrent frame of internal feedback loops are incorporated into a traditional fuzzy neural network (FNN) to alleviate the computation burden of parameter learning and to enhance the dynamic mapping of network ability. Moreover, the supervised gradient descent method is used to develop the online training algorithm for the DPRFNN control. In order to guarantee the convergence of path tracking errors, analytical methods based on a discrete-type Lyapunov function are proposed to determine varied learning rates for DPRFNN. In addition, the effectiveness of the proposed DPRFNN control scheme under different moving paths is verified by experimental results, and its superiority is indicated in comparison with FNN, recurrent FNN (RFNN), Petri FNN (PFNN) and Petri RFNN (PRFNN) control systems. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	6	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Robotic pose estimation via an adaptive Kalman filter using state-varying noise	2009	Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Robotics and Applications	Swarm robotics offers the promise of enhanced performance and robustness relative to that of individual robots, with decreased cost or time-to-completion for certain tasks. Having many degrees of freedom, the swarm related control and estimation problems are quite challenging, specifically when the solutions involve a large amount of communication among the robots. Under certain sensing modalities, direct measurement of robot orientation may either be not possible or require excessive sensor processing. In this paper, a novel method is presented to vary process noise intensity as a function of an estimated state in order to arrive at the hidden state robot orientation. Experimental results are provided, demonstrating the efficacy of the method as well as the error reduction relative to fixed-noise estimation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Collective robotics,Differential-drive,Kalman filter,Mobile robotics,Pose estimation,Stochasti estimation
Applying multi-agents technologies in industrial plants	2009	2009 16th International Conference on Systems, Signals and Image Processing, IWSSIP 2009	The manufacturing industries are now experiencing fierce pressure of competition. The advancement in computer networks and information technologies has been gradually reshaping the manufacturing companies by shifting from the industrial age to the information era. A number of new manufacturing and management strategies have emerged for the innovation of manufacturing enterprises. Process and workflow planning and scheduling are considered as two separate and distinct phases in manufacturing. Traditional approaches to these problems do not consider the constraints of both domains simultaneously and can only result in sub-optimal solutions. This separation becomes a barrier to further improving manufacturing performance. This paper proposes a multi agent framework for industrial plants and its related architecture and technological aspects in order to be designed and implemented for enhancing the performance of industrial environments and plants. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Software	Industrial plants,Multi-agent,Process planning,Workflows
A survey of fuzzy set theory in intelligent transportation: State of the art and future trends	2009	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Intelligent transportation systems (ITS) have received increasing attention in academy and in indnstry. Being able to handle uncertainties and complexity, fuzzy systems are applied in vast areas of real life including intelligent transportation systems. In this paper, a comprehensive survey of the research on the application of fuzzy systems in various traffic control engineering domains and its surroundings is presented. Main issues such as different control levels, different view levels as well as the advantages and disadvantages of fuzzy approaches are reviewed. To conclude, open questions and interesting issues in the field are discussed. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Artifitial inteligence,Fuzzy logic,Inteligent transportation systems
Auction-based heuristic in digitised manufacturing environment for part type selection and operation allocation	2009	Collaborative Design and Planning for Digital Manufacturing	This chapter high lights some of the key issues involved in developing real schedule generation architecture in an e-manufacturing environment. The high cost, long cycle time of development of shop floor control systems and the lack of robust system integration capabilities are some of the major deterrents to the development of the underlying architecture. We conceptualise a robust framework, capable of providing flexibility to the system, communicating among various entities and making intelligent decisions. Owing to the fast communication, distributed control and autonomous character, agent-oriented architecture has been preferred to address the scheduling problem in e-manufacturing. An integer programming-based model with dual objectives of minimising the make span and increasing the system throughput has been formulated to determine the optimal part type sequence from the part type pool. It is very difficult to appraise all possible combinations of operationmachine allocations in order to accomplish the above objectives. A combinatorial auctionbased heuristic has been proposed to minimise large search spaces and to obtain optimal or near optimal solutions of operation-machine allocations of given part types with tool slots and available machine time as constraint. The effects of exceeding the planning horizon due to urgency of part types or over time given to complete the part type processing on shop floor is also exhibited and a significant increase in system throughput is observed.  2009 Springer London.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	India	0	Engineering (all)	None
Service robots for hospitals: A case study of transportation tasks in a hospital	2009	Proceedings of the 2009 IEEE International Conference on Automation and Logistics, ICAL 2009	In this paper, the need for automated transportation systems for hospitals is investigated. Among other alternatives, mobile robots stand out as the most prominent means of automation of transportation tasks in hospitals. Existing transportation routines of a hospital are analyzed in order to verify the need for automation and identify possible areas of improvement. The analysis shows that most of the existing transportation is carried out manually, and hospitals can greatly benefit from automated transportation. Based on the results of the analysis, three alternatives are derived for implementing mobile service robots for transportation tasks in hospitals.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	50	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	AGV,Hospital logistics,Mobile robots
Fundamentals of intelligent public transportation dispatching systems planning	2009	2009 Second ISECS International Colloquium on Computing, Communication, Control, and Management, CCCM 2009	An urgent problem facing urban management departments and public transport enterprises has been how to dispatch and manage public transit vehicles in an efficacious way and how to develop the Strategy of Public Transport Priority in China. For the purpose of upgrading public transportation service and shortening the travel time of passengers, great importance should be attached to studies on the urban intelligent public transportation dispatching system. For this objective, this paper, by means of comprehensively applying advanced communication technologies, computer network technologies and transit operation and management methods, and with the use of theoretical knowledge of Systems Engineering, builds up a framework system for urban intelligent public transportation dispatching system and analyzes the functional objective of the system as well as information flow lying behind the intelligent dispatching system. In addition, by meticulous examination of feasible dispatching methods particular to China's practical situation in public transportation system, this paper construes the determination of real-time dispatching mode as a sort of Pattern Recognition and further provides ways based on BP Neural Network to determine real-time dispatching modes of public transit vehicles. Such research results will serve as reference and basis for the development and application of urban intelligent public transportation dispatching system. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	15	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Software	Intelligent dispatching,Neural network,Public transportation,System design
Visual based lane following for non-holonomic mobile robot	2009	IEEE EUROCON 2009, EUROCON 2009	this paper aims to contribute in mobile robots endowment with autonomy when accomplishing robotic tasks. The problem treated concerns path following by non-holonomic mobile robot (pioneer II DX) using visual data coming from CCD camera mounted on the latter. The current advancing path is approximated by a fuzzy function. The obtained experimental results confirm the effectiveness of the proposed approach.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	6	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Communication	Path following,Trajectory following,Trajectory generation,Visual servoing
Simultaneous dynamic scheduling and collision-free path planning for multiple autonomous vehicles	2009	2009 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2009	When autonomous vehicles are deployed to perform transportation tasks within a confined space and strict time constraint, the problem of optimizing the assignment of tasks to vehicles is complicated by the need to ensure safety (they do not collide with or impede each other) and maximize the efficiency and productivity. With the increasing number of autonomous vehicles in practical settings, the ability to schedule tasks in a manner that inherently considers the effects of task allocations on space contention (which in turn compromises efficiency) is important to performance improvement. The main contribution of this paper is an approach to simultaneously conduct dynamic task allocation and collision-free path planning in an environment where multiple autonomous vehicles operate on a network of paths and where each path segment can only be occupied by one vehicle at a given instant. In particular, a generic algorithm for effective task allocation is investigated and applied in conjunction with an application-specific objective function. The proposed approach is able to solve the dynamic scheduling, planning and collision avoidance problem in an integrated way such that the overall productivity of the transportation system is improved. Simulation results based on a real-world industrial material handling environment demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed method.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	8	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
A dual-core real-time embedded system for vision-based automated guided vehicle	2009	Proceedings - 2009 IITA International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems Engineering, CASE 2009	As a cell of Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS), Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is widely used in factory. In this paper, we presented a novel technology used for vision-guided AGV. An embedded dual-core processor system with Real-Time Operating System (RTOS) DSP/BIOS is designed for system manager and image processor. We adopt DSP TMS320DM642 as image processor and ARM LPC2210 as controller. The embedded RTOS DSP/BIOS is transplanted on DSP to construct a software development platform for tasks management, which enhance reliability and real-time response of system .Two CCD cameras are fixed on vehicle to capture the scene of lane. One, on the front of vehicle, is used for prediction, the other, at the center of vehicle, is used for accurate positioning. Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) reader is loaded on vehicle to collect the information stored in RFID tag which placed by the side of lane. The experimental results demonstrate the advantages of real-time and robust.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	10	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Computer vision,DSP/BIOS,Embedded system,Robot navigation
Agent based container terminal optimization	2009	Proceedings - 2009 IITA International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems Engineering, CASE 2009	A distributed MAS( multi agent system ) architecture for moveable port resource operation has been presented in the paper, which builds upon elements from decentralized strategies. The system provides a feasible optimization solution to the problem due to its inherent complexity. Under such solution, an intelligent planning algorithm is continuously optimized by the dynamic and cooperative rescheduling of yard resources  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Container terminal,Decentralized strategy,MAS,Optimization
Positioning mobile vehicle by using super-short baseline with AM ultrasonic beacon	2009	2009 International Conference on Measuring Technology and Mechatronics Automation, ICMTMA 2009	To position a mobile vehicle, it is presented to improve conventional ultra-short baseline by using super-short baseline with AM ultrasonic beacons. The array distance increases about 10 times, and errors caused by time-delay is eliminated in the proposed method. To estimate the key phase differences in the proposed method, a measurement equation based on the elliptical area which is used for estimation of the parameters is put forward. The experiment set-up is established, and experiments were performed. Experimental results indicate that accuracy is close to ±3mm, and does that the SSBL with AM ultrasonic beacons in positioning is valid.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AM ultrasonic wave beacon,Mobile vehicle,Positioning,SSBL
A multi-agent controller on embedded system for complex mechatronics	2009	2009 Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2009	A multi-agent controller on embedded system is presented for complex mechatronics in this paper. The agents' concept is combined with a physical control system to produce a controller agent. The multi-controller system of complex mechatronics can be regarded as a series of controller agents, and they can be converted to the Multi-Agent System (MAS) easily by changing corresponding concepts. Controller agents can be implemented by a number of agent tasks located on different microprocessors at the hardware level and coordinated by a Real-Time Operating System (RTOS) at the software level. In the view of control agents and MAS, an embedded control system with ARM and DSP is designed and developed for a vision-based Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), from the agents' partitions to the MAS design, and from the hardware construction to the software programming. This development paradigm demonstrates an effective and concise implementation way in which the MAS-based approach is adopted on the embedded control system. It is expected to help the multi-controller system design for complex mechatronics.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Embedded system,MAS,Mechatronics,Microprocessor,RTOS
Intelligent control for wall climbing robot	2009	2009 Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2009	An intelligent control system is presented in this paper for a wall climbing robot. After the introduction of robot system design, a task reference method is proposed which is based on a fuzzy multi-sensor data fusion scheme. The method provides a novel mechanism to efficiently integrate task scheduling, action planning and motion control in a unified framework. A robot gait generation method is described which switches the robot locomotion between different motion modes with the help of a finite state machine driven by sensory information. Experimental results prove the validity of the proposed methods.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Climbing robot,Data fusion,Gait
GPS and sonar based area mapping and navigation by mobile robots	2009	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN)	In this paper, we have presented a GPS and sonar based area mapping and navigation scheme for a mobile robot. A mapping is achieved between the GPS space and the world coordinates of the mobile robot which enables us to generate direct motion commands for it. This mapping enables the robot to navigate among different GPS locations within the mapped area. The GPS data is extracted online to get the latitude and longitude information of a particular location. In the training phase, a 2-D axis transformation is used to relate local robot frame with the robot world coordinates and then the actual world coordinates are mapped from the GPS data using a RBFN (radial basis function network) based Neural Network. In the second phase, direct GPS data is used to get the mapping into the world coordinates of mobile robot using the trained network and the motion commands are generated accordingly. The physical placement of sonar devices, their ranging limits and beam opening angles are considered during navigation for possible collision detection and obstacle avoidance. This scheme is successfully implemented in real time with Pioneer mobile robot from ActivMedia Robotics and GPS receiver. The scheme is also tested in the simulation to justify its application in the real world.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	9	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	None
Multi-objective ACO for integrated scheduling of machines and material handling equipment in flexible manufacturing systems	2009	2009 IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, CASE 2009	A multi-objective integrated scheduling of machines and material handling equipment in an automated manufacturing system is addressed in this paper. The FMS environment is modeled with the incorporation of six multioperational machines and two automated guided vehicles (AGVs). An ant colony optimization (ACO) is proposed to optimize a multi-objective function that maximize machine utilization, maximize profit made, minimize AGV traveling time, and minimize AGV energy utilization concurrently. The performance of the proposed ACO algorithm is compared with conventional priority dispatching rules (pdrs) and it is found that proposed ACO performs better over the pdrs considered.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Software	None
Variable neighborhood niche genetic algorithm based AGV flow path design method	2009	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	A niche genetic algorithm combined with variable neighborhood search was proposed herein to solve the flow path design of unidirectional AGV systems. Firstly, the formal model was given and both loaded and empty flows were considered in this model. This made the total travel distance more close to the real system. The preprocessing procedure was proposed to improve the feasibility of solution and to reduce computation complexity. Niche competition operation was adopted in the genetic algorithm to diversify the search process and variable neighborhood search was also adopted to improve the local search ability. Thus the computation efficiency is improved and the solution quality is also raised. Two computation experiments validated the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle(AGV) system,Flow path design,Niche genetic algorithm,Variable neighborhood search
Plan repair in conflict-free routing	2009	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	In conflict-free routing a set of agents have to traverse a common infrastructure without interfering with each other. Maza and Castagna [1] showed how the route plans of such agents can be repaired by maintaining the priority of agents on infrastructure resources. They also developed an algorithm that allows agents to change priorities to avoid long waits. We extend the work of Maza and Castagna by (i) specifying an algorithm that allows more priority changes, and by (ii) defining a graph structure that can predict exactly which priority changes will lead to a deadlock, and which will not.  2009 Springer Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	7	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Material logistic simulation control technology based on dynamic path planning	2009	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	Logistic simulation control technology based on dynamic path planning was proposed to solve the problem of inconsistency between traditional static path and flexible material logistic net in work-shop. Through decomposition of logistic procedure, logistic simulation control logics which were triggered by action sensors planted in actions as loading, transportation and downloading was constructed. Logistic schedule control was realized by the usage of track and part selection rules. Based on the computation of intercross points of tracks, shortest path was computed using Dijkstra algorithm. Logistic simulation control based on dynamic path planning was realized by adding path planning algorithm into dynamic sensors. At last, material logistic simulation models were constructed and effectiveness of this method was validated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Dynamic path planning,Dynamic sensor,Logistic simulation,Shortest path algorithm
Cycle-deadlock control of RGV system via Petri net	2009	Proceedings of 2009 4th International Conference on Computer Science and Education, ICCSE 2009	This paper addresses the deadlock control problem for rail-guided vehicles(RGV) system in the autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems (AVS/RS).To avoid the cycle-deadlock in RGV systems, a deadlock control modeling method based on colored timed Petri nets was proposed. In addition, a route digraph is built to detect cycle-deadlock in the AVS/RS with digraph tools. Moreover, deadlock-free control policies are proposed. Finally, a numerical example is given to validate the policy. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Software	AVS/RS,Colored timed Petri net,Cycle-deadlock,RGV,Route digraph
Anonymous agent coordination in smart spaces: State-of-the-art	2009	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Development of new technologies brings people new possibilities such as smart spaces. Smart spaces can provide better user experience by allowing a user to connect new devices flexibly and to access all the information in the multi device system from any of the devices. The paper describes work-in-progress performed under a joint project of SPIIRAS and Nokia. The project is aimed at the analysis of existing anonymous agent coordination languages and adaptation of them to coordination of smart space devices.  2009 Springer Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	26	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Anonymous agents,Coordination,Smart space
Deadlock-free multi-attribute dispatching method for AGV systems	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper aims at developing a flexible, efficient, and deadlock-free dispatching method for automated guided vehicle systems. For this purpose, a deadlock-free multi-attribute dispatching method with dynamically adjustable weights (AWMA) is proposed. Traveling distance, input, and output buffer statuses are selected as dispatching attributes according to the efficiency and deadlock avoidance requirement. The weight for each attribute is dynamically adjusted according to the processing load and transportation load of the system. To ensure the system to be deadlock-free, a deadlock avoidance policy based on remaining capacity concept is introduced. It works by temporarily forbidding critical tasks according to the system state, which will otherwise cause system deadlock. The AWMA method is formed by integrating the deadlock avoidance policy into the multi-attribute dispatching procedure. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed method, several simulation experiments were carried out to compare three commonly used dispatching methods with the proposed one under different system settings. The simulation results indicate that the deadlock avoidance policy can guarantee the system to be deadlock-free and that the proposed method is efficient.  2009 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Deadlock avoidance,Dispatching,Multi-attribute,Remaining capacity
Mobile robot active routing navigation based on virtual intermediate goal	2009	Jiqiren/Robot	The sole use of reactive navigation algorithm may result in a "shortsighted phenomenon". Therefore, an active routing navigation strategy based on behavior and virtual intermediate goal is designed for mobile robot. Visible point path finding method is modified to search the optimal virtual intermediate goal for mobile robot to follow in the local detection area, and then the behavior decision tree is used for rapid decision-making. Robot can smoothly reach the goal based on the arc trajectory movement control and avoid obstacles flexibly as human-being. Simulation results show the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed strategy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous navigation,Decision tree,Fuzzy arithmetic,Virtual intermediate goal
Two types of extended RSNBs and their application in modeling flexible manufacturing systems	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In the former paper (Liu, et al. Int J Adv Manuf Technol 41:66-74, 2009), a novel policy was proposed to prevent deadlocks in a class of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). This policy is based on the notion that each shared buffer is partitioned for storing different types of parts. Furthermore, A subclass of Petri nets, resource-shared net with buffers (RSNB), was defined to characterize this policy and model the controlled system. Two extensions of RSNB are defined in this paper. The first extension, which is called extended resource-shared net with buffers (ERSNB), permits the resources to be shared among different stages in one manufacturing process. The second extension, which is called resource-shared assembly net with buffers (RSANB), takes the assembly and choice operations into account. Both ERSNB and RSANB have a well property that each minimal siphon is exactly a minimal trap. It has been proven that an ERSNB or RSANB is live if and only if each minimal siphon is marked under the initial marking. Two well-known examples of FMSs are used to illustrate the proposed concepts and policy.  2009 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Asymmetric choice net,Deadlock prevention,Flexible manufacturing systems,Minimal siphon,Minimal trap,Petri nets
Fidelity of using scaled vehicles for chassis dynamic studies	2009	Vehicle System Dynamics	There are many situations where physical testing of a vehicle or vehicle controller is necessary, yet use of a full-size vehicle is not practical. Some situations include implementation testing of novel actuation strategies, analysing the behaviour of chassis feedback control under system faults, or near-unstable situations such as limit handling under driver-assist feedback control. Historically, many have advocated the use of scale vehicles as surrogates for larger vehicles. This article presents analysis and experimental testing that examines the fidelity of using scaled vehicles for vehicle chassis dynamics and control studies. In support of this effort, this work introduces an experimental system called the Pennsylvania State University Rolling Roadway Simulator (the PURRS). In the PURRS, a custom-built scale-sized vehicle is freely driven on a moving roadway surface. While others have used scale-vehicle rolling roadway simulators in the past, this work is the first to attempt to directly match the planar dynamic performance of the scale-sized vehicle to a specific full-sized vehicle by careful design of the scale vehicle. This article explains details of this effort including vehicle dynamic modelling, detailed measurement of model parameters, conditions for dynamic similitude, validation of the resulting experimental vehicle in the time, frequency, and dimensionless domains. The results of the dynamic comparisons between scale- and full-sized vehicles clearly illustrate operational regimes where agreement is quite good, and other regimes where agreement is quite poor. Both are useful to understand the applicability of scale-vehicle results to full-size vehicle analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	11	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mechanical Engineering	Dimensionless parameter,Parameter,Roll dynamics,Rolling roadway simulator,Scaled vehicle,Vehicle dynamics,Vehicle modelling,Vehicle similitude
An immune inspired algorithm for solving dynamic vehicle dispatching problem in a port container terminal	2009	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	A typical Vehicle Dispatching Problem (VDP) for a port container terminal often involves offline resource allocation and is often successfully solved by heuristics algorithms. In this research, an autonomous and decentralized vehicle dispatching algorithm is proposed in which the algorithm is inspired by the human immune system. Specifically, the proposed algorithm is inspired by the cell-mediate immune response of T-cells that possess the capability of exploring the environment and providing an adaptive and specific immune response to the invading antigens. We conduct extensive simulation studies to study the performance of the algorithm in solving a typical vehicle dispatch problem derived from realistic terminal configurations and operational constraints. The results show good vehicle utilization and low computational cost when comparing with a GA-based algorithm.  2009 Springer.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Cell-mediated immune response,Stimulation and suppression model,Vehicle dispatching problem
AGV parking system based on tracking landmark	2009	2009 6th International Conference on Electrical Engineering/Electronics, Computer, Telecommunications and Information Technology, ECTI-CON 2009	This paper presents an efficient method that locates the automated guided vehicle (AGV) into a specific position using vision-based system. For an automated transshipment system in the container terminal, it is necessary for the AGV to recognize the current position of the transfer crane, so that the port AGV locates itself into the working area of the crane. Using an artificially designed landmark attached on the crane, the vehicle detects and tracks the position of the landmark from the video stream through CCD camera fixed to the vehicle. The AGV calculates its position from the position of landmark in the image and control the velocity to align with the crane. The detection method is based on the local features of the landmark such as edges, corners, and color information. After detecting the landmark the vehicle tracks the trace of the target using Condensation algorithm and refinement stage. Detecting and tracking steps are performed in HSI color space to reduce the effect of illumination. Experiment shows reasonable results. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Artificial landmark,Condensation
Moving robot's mind of autonomous decentralized FMS and mind change control	2009	Artificial Life and Robotics	This article describes the control of moving robots in an autonomous decentralized flexible manufacturing system (FMS) by changing the mind of the moving robot. In an autonomous decentralized flexible manufacturing system where a lot of moving robots operate, there are problems of path interference. There is an existing method which we have developed called AAA, and this is used to evade these interference problems. However, using this method, it is very difficult to grasp entirely the innumerable path interference situations that really occur. Therefore, to evade these unexpected situations flexibly, we propose a mind model, which is the complicated expression of combinations of three elements: stimulation vector, unit, and load. Even if a familiar situation happens, moving robots can make different actions when their mind is changed.  International Symposium on Artificial Life and Robotics (ISAROB). 2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Artificial Intelligence	AGV,FMS,Mind,Path interference,Robot moving collision
Cooperation of human and machines in assembly lines	2009	CIRP Annals - Manufacturing Technology	Flexibility and changeability of assembly processes require a close cooperation between the worker and the automated assembly system. The interaction between human and robots improves the efficiency of individual complex assembly processes, particularly when a robot serves as an intelligent assistant. The paper gives a survey about forms of human-machine cooperation in assembly and available technologies that support the cooperation. Organizational and economic aspects of cooperative assembly including efficient component supply and logistics are also discussed.  2009 CIRP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	359	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cooperative assembly,Man-machine system,Robot
Multi-attribute dispatching method with deadlock avoidance for AGV systems	2009	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	To improve the efficiency of AGV systems, a deadlock-free multi-attribute dispatching method with dynamic adjustable weights (AWMA) was proposed. Distance, input and output buffer status were selected as dispatching attributes according to the efficiency and deadlock avoidance requirements. The weight for each attribute was determined depending on the processing and transportation loads of the system. To guarantee deadlock free, a deadlock avoidance policy based on remaining capacity was integrated into the dispatching procedure. To validate the effectiveness of method proposed, simulation experiments were conducted to compare three commonly used dispatching methods with the proposed AWMA method. The simulation results show that the deadlock avoidance policy guarantees the system to be deadlock-free and the AWMA method is better than other methods when resources are scarce. This indicates that the proposed method is effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle(AGV),Deadlock avoidance,Multi-attribute dispatching,Remaining capacity
Modelling and performance maximization of an integrated automated guided vehicle system using coloured Petri net and response surface methods	2009	Computers and Industrial Engineering	The objective of this study is to model and maximize performance of an integrated Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS), which is embedded in a pull type multi-product, multi-stage and multi-line flexible manufacturing system (FMS). This study examines the impact of guide-path flexibility on system performance through the development of three different guide-path configurations which range from dedicated to flexible relationships between automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and machine/assembly station resources. The system is modelled using coloured Petri net method (CPN) and the simulation results lead to identify the resource redundancy which can be rectified to achieve lower overall cost of the system through the development of flexible guide-path configurations. The study is extended to seek global near-optimal conditions for each guide-path configuration using response surface method, which yields improvements in system throughput and cycle time along with a decrease in the numbers of AGVs.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	50	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle system,Coloured Petri net,Flexible manufacturing system,Guide-path configurations,Multiple response optimization,Response surface method
Performance analysis of flexible material handling systems for the apparel industry	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Flexible material handling systems (FMHS) have been widely used to enhance productivity involved with product proliferation, and thus far, only fixed-track material handling systems such as Eton systems in the apparel industry are commonly used. This paper explores the potential advantages of a FMHS using free-ranging automated-guided vehicles with a local positioning system for the apparel industry. First, the free-ranging FMHS (FRMHS) for the apparel industry has been designed. Then, through Monte Carlo simulation and analytical models, the performance in terms of manufacturing system effectiveness, workstation utilization, and the total transportation distance of the FRMHS are compared with those of the fixed-track system. Based on our analysis, the current proposed FRMHS can have significant advantages over the fixed-track system.  2009 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Free-ranging automated guided vehicle,Free-ranging material handling system,Local positioning system,Unit production system
Development of a holonic free-roaming agv system for part manufacturing	2009	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper presents an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system under development and its industrial background as a support system for an automated paint department. The focus is on demonstrating how the holonic architecture can be used to implement a flexible AGV system. The system is composed of autonomous AGV holons who cooperate, directly or as groups, with other holons such as robot holons, vision-system holons and order holons to produce the real parts. The holonic architecture is described in detail and example use-cases presented.  2009 Springer Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Simple blocking prevention for bay type path-based automated material handling systems	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper proposes a simple blocking prevention method for a path-based automated material handling system (AMHS) such as a semiconductor fabrication line. Here, blocking means the situation in which a vehicle stands and waits without doing anything because the vehicle in front of it is in the process of loading or unloading. Since a typical bay type path-based AMHS has a single path in each bay and no sidetracks, the blocking issue is inevitable in a large complex system with many vehicles. The proposed method is based on the swapping of load assignments between retrieval vehicles on the same path. Our simulation study on an example semiconductor line shows that the proposed method improves the AMHS productivity under various vehicle dispatching rules.  2008 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Automated material handling system,Blocking,Overhead hoist transport,Semiconductor
Routing control strategy for vehicle congestion in a container terminal	2009	Kongzhi Lilun Yu Yingyong/Control Theory and Applications	When a small number of narrow paths are provided for many vehicles in a container yard, we put forward the idea of path-resource-oriented study, and introduce the Euler method for the routing control of vehicles. The Euler factor, distance factor and route-choosing factor are presented. By this method, we can predict paths in congestion and in passage-clear, so that a short and through path can be selected for the traveling vehicle. Experimental results show that both the congestion time and the total operational time can be reduced significantly.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Congestion,Container yard,Euler method,Route
Integrating production and transportation scheduling in a two-stage supply chain considering order assignment	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This study is concerned with the integration of production and transportation scheduling in a two-stage supply chain environment while considering the assignment of orders to the suppliers. The first stage contains m suppliers distributed in various geographic zones, and the second stage is composed of l vehicles with different speeds and transportation capacities that transport n jobs from the supplier to a manufacturing company. In addition, it is assumed that each job occupies a different vehicle size and could be processed by some permissible suppliers. After modeling the problem as a mixed integer programming problem, a genetic algorithm named dynamic genetic algorithm (DGA) is proposed to solve it. Since this problem has not been mentioned in the literature, DGA performance was evaluated by comparing its outputs with optimum solutions for small-sized problems and to the random search approach for larger problems. Additionally, the performance of the DGA was compared with that of a similar problem from the literature. The results of these comparisons show that the DGA is an excellent approach. In addition, the impact of grouping technology initialization is examined, showing that the quality of the solution was not improved and that there was an increase in the CPU time.  2009 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Genetic algorithm,Makespan,Scheduling,Supply chain management,Transportation
Agent-based distributed manufacturing control: A state-of-the-art survey	2009	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	Manufacturing has faced significant changes during the last years, namely the move from a local economy towards a global and competitive economy, with markets demanding for highly customized products of high quality at lower costs, and with short life cycles. In this environment, manufacturing enterprises, to remain competitive, must respond closely to customer demands by improving their flexibility and agility, while maintaining their productivity and quality. Dynamic response to emergence is becoming a key issue in manufacturing field because traditional manufacturing control systems are built upon rigid control architectures, which cannot respond efficiently and effectively to dynamic change. In these circumstances, the current challenge is to develop manufacturing control systems that exhibit intelligence, robustness and adaptation to the environment changes and disturbances. The introduction of multi-agent systems and holonic manufacturing systems paradigms addresses these requirements, bringing the advantages of modularity, decentralization, autonomy, scalability and re-usability. This paper surveys the literature in manufacturing control systems using distributed artificial intelligence techniques, namely multi-agent systems and holonic manufacturing systems principles. The paper also discusses the reasons for the weak adoption of these approaches by industry and points out the challenges and research opportunities for the future.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	520	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed manufacturing control,Holonic manufacturing systems,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Multi-agent systems
Consistent triangulation for mobile robot localization using discontinuous angular measurements	2009	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	Localization is a fundamental operation for the navigation of mobile robots. The standard localization algorithms fuse external measurements of the environment with the odometric evolution of the robot pose to obtain its optimal estimation. In this work, we present a different approach to determine the pose using angular measurements discontinuously obtained in time. The presented method is based on an Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) with a state-vector composed of the external angular measurements. This algorithm keeps track of the angles between actual measurements from robot odometric information. This continuous angular estimation allows the consistent use of the triangulation methods to determine the robot pose at any time during its motion. The article reports experimental results that show the localization accuracy obtained by means of the presented approach. These results are compared to the ones obtained applying the EKF algorithm with the standard pose state-vector. For the experiments, an omnidirectional robotic platform with omnidirectional wheels is used.  2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	21	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Kalman filtering,Localization,Mobile robotics,Navigation,Triangulation
An efficient algorithm for the shortest path problem with forbidden paths	2009	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	In this paper, we discuss the shortest path problem with forbidden paths (SPPFP), where the constraints come from a set of forbidden paths (arc sequences) that cannot be part of any feasible solution. SPPFP can be used to solve the problems with hard-to-modeled path constraints or to implement exact branching scheme.The method proposed by Villeneuve and Desaulniers first transfer the SPPFP problem to the k-shortest paths problem. We propose an algorithm which reduces execution time of solving the SPPFP problem via a nodes combination process. It improves the approach proposed by Villeneuve and Desaulniers. In addition, their algorithm for generating augmented paths could cause the inconsistency in particular situations. The proposed method also improves the weakness without increasing its time complexity.  2009 Springer Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Forbidden paths,Labeling algorithm,Network flows,Shortest paths
AGV trace sensing and processing technology based on RGB color sensor array	2009	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	AGV(Automatic Guided Vehicle) is widely used in manufacturing factories, harbors, docks and logistics fields, because of its accurate automatic tracking. An AGV tracking method of detecting trace color based on RGB color sensor is provided here. DR, DG, DB values of trace color are obtained by color sensor, with which hue value denoting trace color characteristic can be calculated. Combined with graph theory algorithm, hue value can be used as a parameter for tracking deviation and branch identification to implement shortest path tracking. In addition, considering discreteness and uncertainty of single sensor in detecting trace information, sensor array is adopted for information fusion to achieve accurate tracking. Compared to tracking trace by single intensity sensor, AGV tracking based on RGB color sensor array has much better trace tracking and branch identification performances on complex roads. 2009 SPIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Hue value,RGB sensor,Sensor array,Trace tracking
Scheduling and routing of amos in an intelligent transport system	2009	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	Autonomous moving objects (AMOs), such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and autonomous robots, have widely been used in the industry for decades. In an intelligent transport system with a great number of AMOs involved, it is important to eliminate potential congestion and deadlocks among AMOs to maintain a well-organized traffic flow. In this paper, we propose an algorithm that adapts bitonic merge sort algorithm for concurrent scheduling and routing of a great number (i.e., 4n2) of AMOs on an n × n mesh topology of path network without congestion or deadlocks among AMOs during their moves. The results are tested by experiments with randomly generated data and the comparison of a related model.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	6	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Autonomous moving object (AMO),Mesh topology,Scheduling and routing
Path tracking of agricultural vehicle based on machine vision	2009	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	An autonomous navigation system based on machine vision for agricultural vehicle was studied. A novel line detection algorithm was proposed for navigation directrix detection, which could decrease the cost of memory and time considerably. A 2-D fuzzy controller with the inputs of lateral error and heading error was built to determine the expected angle of turning wheel, and a turning controller based on PID was constructed to control the turning of front wheel. The simplified kinematics model of two-wheel vehicle was adopted for simulation. The results of simulation and experiments indicated that the navigation system could track the desired beeline path effectively. The maximum tracking lateral error was less than 5 cm and 8 cm at the speed of 0.3 m/s and 0.6 m/s respectively, and the average lateral error was less than 2 cm and 4 cm respectively.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Autonomous navigation,Fuzzy logic,Machine vision,PID control,Randomized Hough transform
Models and algorithms for multi-crane oriented scheduling method in container terminals	2009	Transport Policy	"Multi-crane oriented" is a scheduling method that yard trailers can be shared by different quay cranes. In this paper, two models for this problem are developed. The first one is a model for an inter-ship-based sharing method. In this model, yard trailers can be shared by quay cranes of different ships. To solve the model, a two-phase Tabu search algorithm is designed. The second one is a model for a ship-based sharing method. In this model, yard trailers can only be shared by quay cranes of the same ship. Q-learning algorithm is designed to solve the model. Numerical tests show that the "multi-crane oriented" method can decrease the yard trailers' travel distance, reduce the disequilibrium of different working lines, and thus improve the operation efficiency in container terminals. Crown Copyright  2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	18	Geography, Planning and Development,Transportation	Container terminals,Multi-oriented scheduling method,Q-learning algorithm,Yard trailer scheduling
Multi-agent system for distributed computer-aided process planning problem in e-manufacturing environment	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper deals with the multi-agent system for distributed computer-aided process planning problem. The proposed architecture consists of three autonomous agents (Global Manager Agent, Design Agent, and Optimization Agent) capable of communicating to each other through eXtensible Markup Language (XML). In contrast to the traditional process planning model, a new paradigm incorporating fixture cost has been conceptualized. Optimization agent is facilitated by the virtues of DNA computing and identifies the optimal/near optimal process plan with the help of available resources. Furthermore, in order to investigate the efficacy of the developed architecture, the manufacturing of a prismatic part having 23 operations has been simulated and solved accordingly. Results obtained reveal the superiority of the proposed architecture.  2008 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	CAPP,DNA computing,E-Manufacturing,Multi-agent system
A synchronization approach to trajectory tracking of multiple mobile robots while maintaining time-varying formations	2009	IEEE Transactions on Robotics	In this paper, we present a synchronization approach to trajectory tracking of multiple mobile robots while maintaining time-varying formations. The main idea is to control each robot to track its desired trajectory while synchronizing its motion with those of other robots to keep relative kinematics relationships, as required by the formation. First, we pose the formation-control problem as a synchronization control problem and identify the synchronization control goal according to the formation requirement. The formation error is measured by the position synchronization error, which is defined based on the established robot network. Second, we develop a synchronous controller for each robot's translation to guarantee that both position and synchronization errors approach zero asymptotically. The rotary controller is also designed to ensure that the robot is always oriented toward its desired position. Both translational and rotary controls are supported by a centralized high-level planer for task monitoring and robot global localization. Finally, we perform simulations and experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed synchronization control approach in the formation control tasks.  2009 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	169	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Formation,Multiple mobile robots,Synchronization
High-tech cart control system: New automated guided carts at a major carbonated-beverage producer cost half of typical automated guided vehicles and yield major benefits	2009	Control Engineering	New automatic guided carts (AGCs) with advanced-automation features are having a major impact at a new distribution center built by a major carbonated-beverages producer in the southeastern part of the U.S. The AGCs consist of a standard burden-carrier base with an adaptable top to which different load-handling devices, such as roller decks or lifting forks, can be added. Controls from Beckhoff Automation LLC have allowed AIM to integrate intelligence into the vehicle. The AIM system improves quality, reliability, and efficiency by automating the repetitive and labor-intensive order-building process, which virtually eliminates human picking errors. The AGCs are equipped with CX1010 embedded PCs, which function as programmable-automation controllers. The major functions are guidance, routing through RFID, charging, steering control, drive control and precision stop, manual control through pendant, automatic load handling and safety devices that are managed by TwinSafe.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Development and simulation analysis of real-time yard crane control systems for seaport container transshipment terminals	2009	OR Spectrum	As more and more container terminals open up all over the world, terminal operators are discovering that they must increase quay crane work rates to remain competitive. In this paper, we develop a real-time yard crane control system and show that a terminal's long-run average quay crane rate depends on the portion of this system that dispatches yard cranes in the storage area in real time. Several real-time yard crane dispatching systems are evaluated by a fully-integrated, discrete event simulation model of a pure transshipment terminal that is designed to reproduce the multi-objective, stochastic, real-time environment at an RTGC-based, multiple-berth facility. Results indicate that yard cranes should prioritize the retrieval of containers from the stacks, rather than the storage of containers into stacks. Also, the yard crane dispatching system should not only consider the trucks already waiting for service in the yard, but also the trucks that are heading towards the yard. The experiments provide the first direct connection in the literature between real-time yard crane control systems and long-run performance at a seaport container terminal. We also make a qualitative comparison between rule-based and look-ahead yard crane dispatching schemes, and discuss deadlocking issues in detail.  Springer-Verlag 2008.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	48	Management Science and Operations Research	Gross crane rate,Real-time control,Seaport container terminal,Simulation,Yard crane dispatching
Navigation line detection arithmetic based on image rotation and projection	2009	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	A new tractor navigation line detection arithmetic, named rotation and projection arithmetic, was put forward. At first, the image ROI rotates a series of given angles and for each rotation the ROI's column average values were computed. And then the column average values and the enumeration angles compose the rotation and projection matrix R. Through all row vectors difference operation in R the difference rotation and projection matrix Rd was attained by whose extremum values the image navigation line parameters can be found out (including heading angle and lateral position). Finally the world coordinate guidance line parameters were attained by those parameters. By using the same principle the field end line can also be detected. In order to make the arithmetic more efficient, there are four measures to be used: setting appropriate ROI, utilizing linear reducing, starting as rough-divisiory rotation angle and then elaborate-divisiory rotation angle, using the former frame information. Those measures make one frame processing time in 6.2ms or so. Using various mature wheat images testing indicates that the precision rate of recognizing navigation line is up to 95%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guidance,Combine harvester,Image processing,Rotation and projection matrix
Design of dynamic petri recurrent fuzzy neural network and its application to path-tracking control of nonholonomic mobile robot	2009	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	This paper focuses on the design of a dynamic Petri recurrent fuzzy neural network (DPRFNN), and this network structure is applied to the path-tracking control of a nonholonomic mobile robot for verifying its validity. In the DPRFNN, the concept of a Petri net and the recurrent frame of internal-feedback loops are incorporated into a traditional FNN to alleviate the computation burden of parameter learning and to enhance the dynamic mapping of network ability. Moreover, the supervised gradient-descent method is used to develop the online-training algorithm for the DPRFNN control. In order to guarantee the convergence of path-tracking errors, analytical methods based on a discrete-type Lyapunov function are proposed to determine varied learning rates for DPRFNN. In addition, the effectiveness of the proposed DPRFNN control scheme under different moving paths is verified by experimental results, and its superiority is indicated in comparison with FNN, RFNN, Petri FNN, and PRFNN control systems.  2009 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	110	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy neural network (FNN),Nonholonomic mobile robot,Petri net (PN),Recurrent structure,Varied learning rates
An effective algorithm to find elementary siphons in a class of petri nets	2009	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	As a structural object of Petri nets, siphons play a key role in the development of deadlock prevention policies for resource allocation systems. Elementary siphons are a novel concept in net theory. Based on graph theory, this paper proposes an effective algorithm with polynomial complexity to find a set of elementary siphons for a linear system of simple sequential processes with resources (LS3PR), a subclass of Petri nets, which can model many flexible manufacturing systems. The algorithm is established through the use of a resource directed graph and complementary sets of strict minimal siphons (SMS) of the net. The upper bound of the number of SMS in such a net is identified. A running example is used to demonstrate the proposed method.  2009 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	68	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,Digraph,Discrete event system,Elementary siphon,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net
Evaluation of automated guided vehicle systems for container terminals using multi agent based simulation	2009	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Due to globalization and the growth of international trade, many container terminals are trying to improve performance in order to keep up with demand. One technology that has been proposed is the use of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in the handling of containers within terminals. Recently, a new generation of AGVs has been developed which makes use of cassettes that can be detached from the AGV. We have developed an agent-based simulator for evaluating the cassette-based system and comparing it to a more traditional AGV system. In addition, a number of different configurations of container terminal equipment, e.g., number of AGVs and cassettes, have been studied in order to find the most efficient configuration. The simulation results suggest that there are configurations in which the cassette-based system is more cost efficient than a traditional AGV system, as well as confirming that multi agent based simulation is a promising approach to this type of applications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Container terminal,MABS application
Path iterative learning of inertial guided AGV with magnets correction	2009	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	Pairs of magnets were installed in the path at certain interval and were detected by a magnetic ruler to correct accumulation error of position and orientation of inertial guided AGV. It was difficult to get the absolute position of magnets because of obstacles in job shop and this often caused trouble in debugging AGV. A teach-in method was used to record the position of magnets, and iterative learning control was introduced to update the aim point of AGV. After several times' learning, AGV can run through magnets accurately. This method is easy to use in AGV path tracking. Accumulation of error can be eliminated when correction is done. The results of experiments in a tricycle AGV tugger were given to demonstrate the efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Inertial guidance,Iterative learning,Magnet,Path tracking
Intelligent predictive control based on state analysis of visual field for robot path tracking	2009	Jiqiren/Robot	An intelligent predictive control model based on state analysis of visual field is presented for path tracking of the automated guided vehicle (AGV) with vision navigation. An optimal conversion strategy of error states is used to replace the quadratic cost function and to describe the objective of predictive control, so difficulties in parameter selection of pure algebra optimizing methods can be avoided. A synchronous control approach is proposed to completely eliminate two path errors of the ideal rectification state and to keep an error-free tracking state eventually. For other states, an iterative algorithm with assumption-prediction-adjustment is used to realize a harmonious state conversion. Numerical simulations and tests demonstrate that a realizable speed difference output can always be generated to eliminate two path errors synchronously, quickly and smoothly at different error states and velocities. Furthermore, with its low computational complexity, the proposed algorithm can satisfy the demand from realtime processing of embedded control systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Intelligent control,Mobile robot,Path tracking,Predictive control
Ultrasonic double exponential model and its parameter determination	2009	Tien Tzu Hsueh Pao/Acta Electronica Sinica	Based on the analysis results of ultrasonic signal acquired in an actual system, an empirical model named double exponential model using the linear sum of two exponentials is proposed. The full width half maximum and the rise time of double exponential model are analyzed, and the methods of model's parameters estimation are introduced. Further the fitting accuracy and TOF(time of flight) estimation variance of double exponential model are compared to those of hybrid exponential model. It is shown that the double exponential model is suitable for the ultrasonic signal in which the ratio of the full width half maximum and the rise time is more than 2.5.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Double exponential model,Nelder-Mead method,Prony method,TOF,Ultrasonic
Synchronization of yard truck scheduling and storage allocation in container terminals	2009	Engineering Optimization	Yard truck scheduling and storage allocation, as two separate subproblems in port operations, have been extensively studied in the past decades. However, from the operational point of view, they are highly interdependent. This article proposes an integer programming model in which yard truck scheduling and storage allocation problems are formulated as a whole for heterogeneous import containers. Different stacking times at yard blocks is modelled as well. The objective of the proposed model is to reduce the congestion and waiting time of yard trucks in the terminal so as to decrease the makespan of discharging containers. Owing to the inherent computational complexity, a genetic algorithm and a greedy heuristic algorithm have been designed. Computational experiments show that the proposed genetic algorithm and greedy algorithm are both effective in solving the studied problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	15	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Genetic algorithm,Greedy heuristic,Storage allocation,Vehicle scheduling
The heuristic dispatching method of automatic material handling system in 300mm semiconductor fabrication	2009	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	Highly automated materials handling in 300mm semiconductor manufacturing is one of the biggest concerns to practitioners. Based on designs of the single rail, single movement way, and long time while overhead hoist transport (OHT) loading and unloading, the OHT traffic jams are happened frequently. This will cause the OHT traffic jam seriously, and influence so much to the product cycle time. Observing the empirical operations for carrying lots and considering the effect and limitations from OHT transportation, this study proposes a heuristic OHT dispatching rule to expedite the movement of lots for reducing job waiting times. The objective is to minimize the transport delay of lots handling service under the automatic material handling environment in 300mm wafer manufacturing. Numerical experiment results demonstrate that the heuristic dispatching method can effectively expedite the movements for lots delivery. The proposed method is very useful for shop floor control functions, such like scheduling and dispatching, in the 300mm fab-wide automated production environment.  2009 ISSN.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	11	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	AMHS,OHT,Semiconductor manufacturing
Analyzing the behaviors of virtual cells (VCs) and traditional manufacturing systems: Ant colony optimization (ACO)-based metamodels	2009	Computers and Operations Research	The aim of this paper is two fold. First we investigate the three different types of systems, namely cellular layout (CL), process layout (PL) and virtual cells (VCs). VCs are addressed by using family-based scheduling rule, developed by a part allocation algorithm in a PL. Simulation is used to compare three types of systems under the performance metrics such as mean flow time and mean tardiness. Results indicate that VCs have better responsiveness in terms of the performance metrics. Second we develop a new ant colony optimization-based metamodels fed by existing simulation runs to represent the prospective simulation runs, which require a lot of time and effort. Regression metamodels, which allow us to obtain much faster results, are seen to be promising to estimate the systems behaviors.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	34	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Ant colony optimization,Metamodels,Simulation,Virtual manufacturing cells
Time for a shift in crop production: Embracing complexity through diversity at all levels	2009	Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture	A radical shift in our approach to crop production is needed to ensure food security and to address the problems of soil degradation, loss of biodiversity, polluted and restricted water supplies, coupled with a future of fossil fuel limitations and increasingly variable climatic conditions. An interdisciplinary network of European scientists put forward visions for future crop production embracing the complexity of our socio-ecological system by applying the principle of diversity at all levels from soil micro-organisms to plant varieties and cropping systems. This approach, integrated with careful deployment of our finite global resources and implementation of appropriate sustainable technology, appears to be the only way to ensure the scale of system resilience needed to cope with many of our concerns. We discuss some of the most important tools such as (i) building soil fertility by recycling of nutrients and sustainable use of other natural and physical resources, (ii) enhancing biological diversity by breeding of crops resilient to climate change and (iii) reconnecting all stakeholders in crop production. Finally, we emphasise some of the changes in agricultural and environmental regulation and policy needed in order to implement the visions.  2009 Society of Chemical Industry.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	53	Biotechnology,Food Science,Agronomy and Crop Science,Nutrition and Dietetics	None
Conflict-free scheduling and routing of automated guided vehicles in mesh topologies	2009	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	Many storing and manufacturing systems tend to use automated guided vehicles (AGV) for speed, quality and safety as transporting objects. In this paper an integrated algorithm for scheduling and routing of AGVs in mesh-like systems is presented. The main characteristics of the scheduling algorithm are as follows: (1) prediction and prevention of conflicts, (2) arbitrary choice for AGVs to traverse shortest path from source to destination, (3) effect of priority policies to the scheduling result, and (4) no theoretical limitation on the number of participated AGVs. The proposed greedy algorithm for routing reduces the average number of conflicts and is closely related to the scheduling algorithm. We will also present mathematical and statistical models for the analysis of the algorithms.  2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	20	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Robot scheduling
How to get multi-agent systems accepted in industry?	2009	International Journal of Agent-Oriented Software Engineering	With many researchers in the Multi-Agent System (MAS) community, we share the opinion that too much of the quality and relevant research in the area of MAS is underrepresented in the development of complex distributed systems in practice today. In our experience, a Babylonic mismatch is a crucial factor in this fact - research on MAS profiles itself as an isolated community and, as such, may create artificial thresholds to convince mainstream software developers of its merits. We argue that integrating the concepts and techniques from agent-based software engineering within mainstream software engineering provides opportunities to amplify the industrial adoption of MAS. To ground this position, we discuss MAS engineering from the perspective of the software engineering area that we are most familiar with: software architecture. Copyright  2009, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	23	Software	MAS,Multi-agent systems,Software architecture,Software engineering
Evaluation of automatic guided vehicle systems	2009	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	This paper presents a methodology for detailed evaluation of autonomous automated guided vehicles systems (AGVS) used for material handling. The methodology includes: stand-alone sub-module evaluation, including comprehensive simulations and statistical analysis of the system's sub-modules, along with hardware validation; quantitative system evaluation for integrated system performance investigation; and structured qualitative analyses for identifying strengths and weaknesses not readily apparent. The defined performance measures include aspects from both multi-robot and AGV fields. The developed methodology provides a systematic way to model, experiment with, analyze, and compare different AGVS control methods. To demonstrate the methodology, it was applied to evaluate a recently developed decentralized AGVS control method.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	24	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,AGVS,Material handling,Multi robots,Performance evaluation
Ubiquitous software controller to prevent deadlocks for automated guided vehicle systems in a container port terminal environment	2009	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Deadlocks in automated container terminals cause significant losses in port operational performance and thus, in order for the successful implementation of automated guided vehicle systems for container ports, it is crucial to prevent deadlocks. A graph-based representation of deadlocks is provided in this study, and deadlocks are prevented by imposing constraints in vehicle movements. Such constraints are embedded in the software controller by attaching control nodes. The simulation results show that the operational performances of container terminals may significantly be improved by the proposed controller.  2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	8	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated container terminal,Automated guided vehicle system,Control node,Deadlock prevention,Ubiquitous controller
A mathematical approach for variable speed convoy movement problem(CMP)	2009	Defense and Security Analysis	The movement of defense establishments in a convoy can be explained using a mathematical model. During wartime or emergency situations, convoys move non-stop to their destinations except for minor routine halts for food and rest. The proposed Integer Programming (IP) model is solved using ILOG CPLEX 9.0 Concert Technology and the heuristics are coded in C++. Problems analogous to CMP include routing of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) in FMS environment, movement of luggage from different flights along a common automated transportation system to various pickup points, strategic routing of hazardous materials, and scheduling of trains on a single track. The objective of the model is to minimize the sum of arrival times of convoys at their respective destinations. The set of travel time constraints ensures that each convoy travels within specified speed limits between any pair of nodes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	6	Geography, Planning and Development,Political Science and International Relations	None
An integrated simulation-optimization framework for the operational planning of seaport container terminals	2009	Mathematical and Computer Modelling of Dynamical Systems	In this article the operational planning of seaport container terminals is considered by defining a suitable integrated framework in which simulation and optimization interact. The proposed tool is a simulation environment (implemented by using the Arena software) representing the dynamics of a container terminal. When the system faces some particular conditions (critical events), an optimization procedure integrated in the simulation tool is called. This means that the simulation is paused, an optimization problem is solved and the relative solution is an input for the simulation environment where some system parameters are modified (generally, the handling rates of some resources are changed). For this reason, in the present article we consider two modelling and planning levels about container terminals. The simulation framework, based on an appropriate discrete-event model, represents the dynamic behaviour of the terminal, thus it needs to be quite detailed and it is used as an operational planning tool. On the other hand, the optimization approach is devised in order to define some system parameters such as the resource handling rates; in this sense, it can be considered as a tool for tactical planning. The optimization procedure is based on an aggregate representation of the terminal where the dynamics is modelled by means of discrete-time equations.  2009 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Container terminal planning,Discrete-event simulation,Discrete-time model,Optimization
Second order sliding mode control of vehicles with distributed collision avoidance capabilities	2009	Mechatronics	Recent research has shown that the longitudinal control of platoons of vehicles is appropriate to improve the traffic capacity of road networks while maintaining the safety distance between vehicles. This paper investigates the possibility of reducing the number of accidents involving pedestrians or other vulnerable road users (VRUs), like cyclists and motorcyclists, by providing the control systems of the vehicles of the platoon with some collision detection and avoidance capabilities. The control system proposed in this paper allows to maintain a desired distance from the preceeding vehicle, and, as a novelty with respect to other proposals, to avoid the collision with VRUs present on the road. The proposed control scheme is realized by means of a supervisor, which makes the decision on which is the appropriate current control mode for each controlled vehicle, and manages the switches among low-level controllers. The adopted control technique is the so-called sliding mode control methodology, which is particularly suitable to deal with the uncertainties and disturbances typical of automotive applications.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	58	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive cruise control,Automated guided vehicles,Obstacles avoidance,Obstacles detection,Sliding mode control,Vehicle dynamics
Integrating simulation and optimization to schedule loading operations in container terminals	2009	Computers and Operations Research	In this paper, a simulation optimization method for scheduling loading operations in container terminals is developed. The method integrates the intelligent decision mechanism of optimization algorithm and evaluation function of simulation model, its procedures are: initializing container sequence according to certain dispatching rule, then improving the sequence through genetic algorithm, using simulation model to evaluate objective function of a given scheduling scheme. Meanwhile, a surrogate model based on neural network is designed to predict objective function and filter out potentially bad solutions, thus to decrease the times of running simulation model. Numerical tests show that simulation optimization method can solve the scheduling problem of container terminals efficiently. And the surrogate model can improve the computation efficiency of simulation optimization. Crown Copyright  2008.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	126	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Hybrid flow shop problem,Simulation optimization
Supervisor localization: A top-down approach to distributed control of discrete-event systems	2009	AIP Conference Proceedings	A purely distributed control paradigm is proposed for discrete-event systems (DES). In contrast to control by one or more external supervisors distributed control aims to design built-in strategies for individual agents. First a distributed optimal nonblocking control problem is formulated. To solve it a top-down localization procedure is developed which systematically decomposes an external supervisor into local controllers while preserving optimality and nonblockingness. An efficient localization algorithm is provided to carry out the computation and an automated guided vehicles (AGV) example presented for illustration. Finally the easiest' and 'hardest' boundary cases of localization are discussed.  2009 American Institute of Physics.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	6	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Discrete-event systems,Distributed control,Intelligent agents
Decentralized real-time control algorithms for an AGV system	2009	Studies in Computational Intelligence	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are increasingly being used to transport goods or people. Navigation is a core issue in such a system. The AGVs use real-time control algorithms to reach their assigned destination autonomously. For reasons like scalability and flexibility, it is beneficial that the shuttles compute the necessary calculations decentrally. In this paper, we present such decentralized algorithms for conflict-free routing in a specific AGV system. Based on existing algorithms for deadlock handling in theory and routing in computer networks, we implemented three different sets of algorithms of varying sophistication in a logistics simulator. Evaluation reveals their functionality and relative performance.  2009 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Artificial Intelligence	None
Establishment of the model for flexible manufacturing system based on CORBA and IDEF0	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Integrated Integration Definition Language (IDEF0) is an activity-based modelling technique for modelling the activities and information flows in a manufacturing system. Based on the entities involved in the system and the interactions abstracted from IDEF0 approach, an object-oriented method based on Common Object Request Broker Architecture (CORBA) is developed in a hierarchically distributed control system. The application of CORBA as a middleware for the development of distributed object systems simplifies the implementation of clients and servers at different locations. The data and general methods in distributed controllers are integrated into servers; the controller is able to communicate with the server through the communication mechanism of CORBA. A prototype system which is constructed to validate the flexible manufacturing system is presented in details.  2008 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cell controller,CORBA,Flexible manufacturing system,Hierarchical distributed control structure,IDEF0,Object-oriented model
Effect of block length and yard crane deployment systems on overall performance at a seaport container transshipment terminal	2009	Computers and Operations Research	As more and more container terminals open up all over the world, terminal operators are discovering that they must increase quay crane work rates in order to remain competitive. In this paper we present a simulation study that shows how a terminal's long-run average quay crane rate depends on (1) the length of the storage blocks in the terminal's container yard and (2) the system that deploys yard cranes among blocks in the same zone. Several different block lengths and yard crane deployment systems are evaluated by a fully dynamic, discrete event simulation model that considers the detailed movement of individual containers passing through a vessel-to-vessel transshipment terminal over a several week period. Experiments consider four container terminal scenarios that are designed to reproduce the multi-objective, stochastic, real-time environment at a multiple-berth facility. Results indicate that a block length between 56 and 72 (20-ft) slots yields the highest quay crane work rate, and that a yard crane deployment system that restricts crane movement yields a higher quay crane work rate than a system that allows greater yard crane mobility. Interestingly, a block length of 56-72 slots is somewhat longer than the average block in use today. The experiments provide the first direct connection in the literature between block length and long-run performance at a seaport container terminal. The simulator can be suitably customized to real, pure-transshipment ports and adequately tuned to get an appreciable prescriptive power.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	106	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Block length,Container terminal,Gross crane rate,Maritime shipping,Simulation,Terminal design,Yard crane deployment
One-dimensional carousel storage problems: Applications, review and generalizations	2009	INFOR	In this paper we focus on the problems of one-dimensional storage location and order picking in a single carousel. We illustrate several applications, review the literature and list some open problems, and present a general model that includes the one-dimensional carousel storage location problem as well as other well-known combinatorial optimization problems as special cases.  2009 INFOR Journal.	Journal	j	re	Review	Canada	8	Signal Processing,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Carousel applications,Combinatorial optimization,Quadratic assignment problem,Storage space location
Multimodal robot/human interaction in an assistive technology context	2009	Proceedings of the 2nd International Conferences on Advances in Computer-Human Interactions, ACHI 2009	This paper outlines the framework of a complex system to demonstrate multimodal spatial and transactional intelligence in a robot which supports aged, frail, or otherwise disabled people in a domestic assistive technology context. The intention is that the robot be able to navigate around a known multi-room environment along optimal, collision-free paths in search and retrieval of requested objects such as spectacles, books etc. and must also be capable of tracking and following humans and of reminding them of times for meals, medication etc. and to lead disoriented subjects to their meal place at appropriate times and even dispense medication, if necessary. The modes of communication interchanges with the supported human include spoken speech and gestures (including eye gaze direction) within the context of situational analysis which accommodates recent history, temporal factors and individual user behavioural models. This paper provides an overview of an ambitious research project in its early stages but where many components have already been refined through earlier work.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	1	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Navigation using environmental constraints	2009	2009 6th IEEE Consumer Communications and Networking Conference, CCNC 2009	Location and mobility management are critical issues for the growing worldwide market in location based services (LBS). Existing research generally requires either special hardware to measure time (thus the distance) and angle or manually constructing database maps using one or a combination of techniques such as lateration, triangulation, database mapping or dead reckoning. In contrast, pathways that uniquely exploit sharing spaces among collaborating objects for the purpose of navigation are far less studied. This paper first analyzes the FreeMobility, a simpler but effective location determination technique, that exploits wireless communications abilities under a broad environmental context; then detailed comparison with database mapping based methods is conducted using measurement data from both GSM and Wi-Fi networks. Results indicate that the adoption of environmental constraints will transform wireless localization research from straightforward hardware dominated approaches to a more independent system approach and thus it opens a new window of opportunity valuable to the research community. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Communication	None
Kinetic maintenance of mobile k-centres on trees	2009	Discrete Applied Mathematics	Given a set P of points (clients) on a weighted tree T, a k-centre of P corresponds to a set of k points (facilities) on T such that the maximum graph distance between any client and its nearest facility is minimised. We consider the mobilek -centre problem on trees. Let C denote a set of n mobile clients, each of which follows a continuous trajectory on a weighted tree T. We establish tight bounds on the maximum relative velocity of the 1-centre and 2-centre of C. When each client in C moves with linear motion along a path on T, the motions of the corresponding 1-centre and 2-centre are piecewise linear; we derive a tight combinatorial bound of Θ (n) on the complexity of the motion of the 1-centre and corresponding bounds of O (n2 α (n)) and Ω (n2) for a 2-centre, where α (n) denotes the inverse Ackermann function. We describe efficient algorithms for calculating the trajectories of the 1-centre and 2-centre of C: the 1-centre can be found in optimal time O (n log n) and a 2-centre can be found in time O (n2 log n). These algorithms lend themselves to implementation within the framework of kinetic data structures. Finally, we examine properties of the mobile 1-centre on graphs and describe an optimal unit-velocity 2-approximation. Crown Copyright  2008.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	0	Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics,Applied Mathematics	Algorithms,k-centre,Kinetic data structures,Trees
A new memetic algorithm for optimizing the partitioning problem of tandem AGV systems	2009	International Journal of Production Economics	In tandem automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems, all the work stations (processing centers) are partitioned into non-overlapping zones, where each zone is served by a dedicated vehicle. Beside the system input/output stations, additional pickup/drop-off (P/D) points are installed to link these zones as transfer points. In this paper, a new memetic algorithm (MA) is proposed to optimize the partitioning problem of tandem AGV systems. MAs are hybrid evolutionary algorithms (EAs) that combine the global and local search by using a genetic algorithm (GA) to perform exploration and a local search method to perform exploitation. Hence, a local search method has been designed and combined with a GA to refine the individuals of the population (i.e. improve their fitness). The objective is to minimize the maximum AGVs' workload in order to balance the workload among all the zones and hence avoid the presence of bottlenecks. The MA performance is evaluated by comparing the obtained results with the reported results in the literature as well as the pure GA. Furthermore, some newly designed test cases are proposed and solved using both, MA and GA. The results show that, overall, the developed MA outperforms both pure GA and the other reported methods in the literature. Crown Copyright  2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	30	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Memetic and genetic algorithms,Partitioning,Tandem systems
A dispatching method for automated lifting vehicles in automated port container terminals	2009	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In automated container terminals, containers are transported from the marshalling yard to a ship and vice versa by automated vehicles. The automated vehicle type studied in this paper is an automated lifting vehicle (ALV) that is capable of lifting a container from the ground by itself. This study discusses how to dispatch ALVs by utilizing information about pickup and delivery locations and time in future delivery tasks. A mixed-integer programming model is provided for assigning optimal delivery tasks to ALVs. A procedure for converting buffer constraints into time window constraints and a heuristic algorithm for overcoming the excessive computational time required for solving the mathematical model are suggested. Numerical experiments are reported to compare the objective values and computational times by a heuristic algorithm with those by an optimizing method and to analyze the effects of dual cycle operation, number of ALVs, and buffer capacity on the performance of ALVs.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	64	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated lifting vehicle,Container port terminal,Dispatching,Time window
Optimal path tracking control based on motion prediction	2009	Kongzhi yu Juece/Control and Decision	An optimal control of linear quadratic regulator (LQR) based on motion prediction is presented for path tracking of an automated guided vehicle. The optimal harmony among multistep control is achieved by motion prediction in a global view under velocity constraints. A selection of weighted matrix is avoided when a objective function includes only one item of speed difference output. The high effectivity of the algorithm to correct errors is ensured by minimization of control steps. The results of numerical simulations and tests on an actual AGV both demonstrate that a realizable optimal control sequence is obtained to eliminate two path errors synchronously, quickly and smoothly on different conditions of path errors and velocities. Furthermore, this algorithm can well satisfy the demand on realtime rolling optimization for an embedded control system owing to its low computational complexity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,Optimal control,Path tracking,Predictive control
Euler method based route choosing strategy for the vehicles in container yard	2009	Dongbei Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Northeastern University	Discusses the model or strategy developed by Ye et al for improving the production efficiency via container yard where only few narrow paths are provided for the lots of vehicles. Then, the Euler method is introduced into the path-resource-orientated study on the control and decision-making of vehicles' route choosing in a container yard. In this study whether a path is unimpeded or not can be predicted spatially and temporally for vehicles which will therefore travel along a path that is unimpeded and comparatively shorter. Testing results showed that the congestion time and total operational time will both be clearly shortened if the route is chosen according to the proposed strategy in comparison to that developed by Ye et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Congestion,Container yard,Euler method,Route choosing
Quantity of material handling equipment-A queuing theory based approach	2009	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	In this paper, we discuss the development of a two step analytical approach to determine the quantity of material handling equipment (MHE) required for effective handling of products among facilities. In the first step, a preliminary solution is obtained by considering the time required for loading and unloading of products, loaded travelling, empty travelling and breakdown of MHE. A detailed model, which integrates both operational and cost performance factors such as utilisation of MHE, work-in-process at the MHS and life-cycle cost, is then utilised to rank alternatives that are generated from the preliminary solution. The stochastic nature of a manufacturing system, which is not adequately addressed in the literature, is best modelled using queuing theory. An illustrative problem is given, and it is shown that for all the considered problems our approach outperforms the existing methods. The influence of various other factors including the operational characteristics of processing facilities, layout design, maintenance function, MHE speed and batch size in selection of the quantity of MHE is also demonstrated. Thus we show the significance of our proposed approach and its capability to support an integrated decision making process.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Material handling system,Performance evaluation,Quantity of MHE,Work-in-process
Evolutionary techniques for optimization problems in integrated manufacturing system: State-of-the-art-survey	2009	Computers and Industrial Engineering	Integrated manufacturing system (IMS) is a novel manufacturing environment which has been developed for the next generation of manufacturing and processing technologies. It consists of engineering design, process planning, manufacturing, quality management, and storage and retrieval functions. Improving the decision quality in those fields give rise to complex combinatorial optimization problems, unfortunately, most of them fall into the class of NP-hard problems. Find a satisfactory solution in an acceptable time play important roles. Evolutionary techniques (ET) have turned out to be potent methods to solve such kind of optimization problems. How to adapt evolutionary technique to the IMS is very challenging but frustrating. Many efforts have been made in order to give an efficient implementation of ET to optimize the specific problems in IMS. In this paper, we address four crucial issues in IMS, including design, planning, manufacturing, and distribution. Furthermore, some hot topics in these issues are selected to demonstrate the efficiency of ET's application, such as layout design (LD) problem, flexible job-shop scheduling problem (fJSP), multistage process planning (MPP) problem, and advanced planning and scheduling (APS) problem. First, we formulate a generalized mathematic models for all those problems; several evolutionary algorithms which adapt to the problems have been proposed; some test instances based on the practical problems demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed approach.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	53	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Advanced planning and scheduling (APS),Evolutionary technique (ET),Flexible job-shop scheduling problem (fJSP),Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Integrated manufacturing system (IMS),Layout design (LD),Multistage process planning (MPP)
Study on magnetic navigation for nurse assistant robot	2009	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	A magnetic sensing system used in the nurse assistant robot navigation is introduced.The nurse assistant robot is driven by DC motors and turned around by wheel system.As immovable marker, the NdFeB magnetic markers are embedded into the ground of the scheduled paths of the robot to form the navigation line. The magnetic rulers detecting the magnetic markers are consisted of 8 magnetoresistive sensors which are fastened straightly on a plexiglas plate. The deviation angle between the actual and planning paths of the robot is obtained by measuring the relative locality of the magnetic rulers and the navigation line, which is used to modify the move direction of the robot. The experimental result indicates that the navigation method is easy to be realized and make the robot track of the magnetic marker navigation line precisely.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Instrumentation	Magnetic marker,Magnetic ruler,Magnetoresistive sensor,Nurse assistant robot navigation
Path tracking for agricultural vehicle based on fuzzy control	2009	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	The method for fuzzy control steering and the construction of fuzzy controller were described in detail at first. On a refitted storage battery car, an automatic navigation control system was developed with DGPS, digital compass and angle sensor. The construction and work principle of the navigation control system were introduced. Line path tracking and curve path tracking methods were brought forward. At last simulation was taken using kinematics of two-wheel vehicle, at the same time line path tracking and curve path tracking experiments were conducted. Results of simulation and experiments indicate that navigation control system can make the vehicle run following the predefined path. The lateral error is less than 0.19 m when the car ran following the predefined line route, and the lateral error is less than 0.26 m when the car ran following the predefined curve path.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	44	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automatic steering,Curve path tracking,Fuzzy control,Global positioning system,Vehicles navigation
A genetic algorithm for scheduling flexible manufacturing cells	2009	Journal of Applied Sciences	In this study, scheduling of Flexible Manufacturing Cells (EMC) is taken into consideration. This type of production system combines the merit of job shop and flow shop production systems. FMS Scheduling belongs to the class of problems that are known as NP-hard. This study presents a genetic algorithm-based technique to schedule machines and Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), simultaneously. To generate schedules from a given chromosome, four Priority Dispatching Rules (PDR) are considered. Maximum completion time or makespan is defined as the objective function. The algorithm was coded and many randomly generated problems were solved. The obtained results were compared with optimum values obtained from the most comprehensive mathematical formulation in the literature. The experimental results show that the proposed method performs well in terms of efficiency and quality of solutions. For further study, the researchers will consider this problem in multi-objective environment.  2009 Asian Network for Scientific Information.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	5	Multidisciplinary	Flexible manufacturing systems,FMC scheduling,Genetic algorithm,Makespan
Code reading synchronization method for pseudorandom position encoders	2009	Sensors and Actuators, A: Physical	A new method for code reading synchronization for application to pseudorandom position encoders is proposed. This scanning method uses code track itself for synchronization. The Manchester encoding of pseudorandom code bits is applied.  2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	le	Letter	Serbia	7	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Instrumentation,Condensed Matter Physics,Surfaces, Coatings and Films,Metals and Alloys,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Encoding,Position encoders,Pseudorandom binary sequences
Hybrid genetic algorithm for designing logistics network, VRP and AGV problems	2009	Studies in Computational Intelligence	The use of hybrid genetic algorithm (Hybrid GA) in the networks design has been growing the last decades due to the fact that many practical networks design problems are NP hard. This paper examines recent developments in the field of evolutionary optimization for network design. We combine the various hybrid genetic algorithms to a wide range of practical network problems such as a logistics network model, VRP (Vehicle Routing Problem), and AGV (Automated Guided Vehicles) dispatching problem. It is covered as follows: first, we apply the hybrid priority-based GA for solving fixed-charge Transportation Problem (fcTP), which the proposed approach is more effective in larger size than benchmark test problems. Second, we give the several resent GA approach for solving Multistage Logistic Network Problem. Third, we introduce Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) and variants of VRP. We apply the priGA for solving Multi-depot vehicle routing problem with time windows (mdVRP-tw). Lastly, we apply a priority-based based GA to solve an automated guided vehicles (AGV) dispatching problem in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS).  2009 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Japan	2	Artificial Intelligence	AGV (Automated Guided Vehicles) dispatching,Fixed-charge transportation problem (fcTP),Hybrid genetic algorithms,Multistage logistic network problem,Network design,VRP (Vehicle Routing Problem)
Adoption of control policies in a simulative model for the design of AGV systems	2009	Spring Simulation Multiconference 2009 - Co-located with the 2009 SISO Spring Simulation Interoperability Workshop	Nowadays, industrial applications are showing an increasing interest toward the adoption of automated logistic handling systems, such as systems including Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). A logistic handling system represents the physical link between the production system (i.e. parallel production lines) and the shipment system (i.e. fleets of vehicles for goods delivery). The synchronization between these two processes is an important issue, especially for companies producing final goods and giving priority to direct shipments rather than to store products inside the plant. Nevertheless, the variability in the generation of production patterns and shipment arrivals may lead to an unacceptable loss of synchronization. In order to prevent this harmful situation, some control policies can be adopted: it could be necessary to review shortterm plans acting on production patterns and/or on shipment priority. This paper deals with the design and management of a logistic handling system including AGVs by using a simulation model. Normally, the objective of the design phase is the identification of the optimal number of AGVs to include in the system. For this purpose, an effective simulative model has to consider what happens both in the upstream (i.e. production system) and in the downstream(i.e. shipment system) of the logistic system. Nevertheless, the modeling of a real complex system has also to include the control policies that assure the necessary synchronization between the production and shipment processes. A methodological approach is then proposed and an application to a design problem derived form an actual case study is presented and discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Modeling and Simulation	AGV system,Control policies,Design support systems,Discrete event simulation
Smart deadlock prevention policy for flexible manufacturing systems using Petri nets	2009	IET Control Theory and Applications	Deadlocks are a highly undesired situation in automated production systems including flexible manufacturing systems. Based on a Petri net formalism, a novel deadlock prevention policy is proposed for a class of Petri nets, S 3PR, by using an MIP-based deadlock detection method and elementary siphons of Petri nets. Deadlock prevention is achieved by synthesising a set of monitors that are added to the plant net model. The concept of dominated transitions is proposed, to which the output arcs of the monitors are led. The monitors are computed according to a set of elementary siphons in a plant net model, which is found by using an established algorithm in the literature. When compared with the existing policies, the proposed method leads to a liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisor with a small number of monitors but more permissive behaviour. Examples are used to demonstrate the proposed method.  2009 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	27	Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Modeling and monitoring of E-commerce workflows	2009	Information Sciences	Electronic commerce (E-commerce) is an important Internet application that is significantly changing the way of commercial transaction. Due to the complexity of E-commerce systems and lack of well-designed formal models, providing a suitable method for their modeling and monitoring turns out to be a challenging job. This paper introduces labeled workflow nets (LWN) and their semantics on the basis of labeled Petri nets. Then an inter-organizational labeled workflow net (ILWN) - which can graphically model the dynamic behavior of the systems - is presented. Furthermore, the nonblocking property of ILWNs is defined to achieve a common goal of E-commerce participants. This nonblocking property helps to analyze the soundness of ILWNs and the undeniable property of interactive actions. The proposed framework for E-commerce workflows (ECW) can record a history of interactive events and monitor the execution of interactive activities to achieve a common goal. Therefore, it can elegantly model the execution of interorganizational workflows and analyze the accountability of cooperative activities. The main contribution of the paper is to present a new formal mechanism - ILWN. It can efficiently support the modeling and monitoring of ECWs. Finally, this paper illustrates how to use the proposed method by modeling and analyzing a Customer-Producer-Supplier example.  2008 Elsevier Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	42	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Electronic commerce workflow,Labeled workflow net,Modeling,Monitoring,Soundness
Vehicle scheduling in 2D shop floor environments	2009	Industrial Robot	Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to develop an efficient method for solving a vehicle scheduling problem (VSP) in 2D industrial environments. An autonomous vehicle is requested to serve a set of work centers in the shop floor providing transport and delivery tasks while avoiding collisions with obstacles during its travel. The objective is to find a minimum in length, collision-free vehicle routing schedule that serves timely as many as possible work centers in the shop floor. Design/methodology/approach - First, the vehicle's environment is mapped into a 2D B-Spline surface embedded in 3D Euclidean space using a robust geometric model. Then, a modified genetic algorithm is applied on the generated surface to search for an optimum legal route schedule that satisfies the requirements of the vehicle's mission. Findings - Simulation experiments show that the method is robust enough and can determine in a reasonable computation time a solution to VSP under consideration. Originality/value - There is a gap in the literature for methods that face VSP in shop-floor environments. This paper contributes to filling this gap by implementing a practical method that can be easily programmed and included in a modern service delivery system.  2009 Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Algorithmic languages,Programming and algorithm theory,Remote control systems,Remote handling devices,Shopfloor
Scheduling of AGVs and machines in FMS with makespan criteria using sheep flock heredity algorithm	2009	International Journal of Physical Sciences	This paper addresses the problem of simultaneous scheduling of machines and two identical automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) so as to minimize makespan and mean tardiness. For solving this problem, a sheep flock heredity algorithm is proposed. An increase in the performance of the FMS under consideration would be expected as a result of making the scheduling of AGVs an integral part of the overall scheduling activity. For this particular problem, coding has been developed, which gives optimum sequence with makespan value and AGV'S schedule for ten job sets and four layouts. Most of the time, results of sheep flock algorithm are better than other algorithm and traditional methods.  2009 Academic Journals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	13	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Physics and Astronomy (all)	AGVs,FMS,Scheduling
An new approach for the automatic analysis and control of material handling systems: Integrated layout flow analysis (ILFA)	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In the majority of small and medium sized enterprises (SEMs), the direct costs of material handling cannot be clearly measured. There are several reasons for this, including the large number of product types, complexity of their production cycle, and continuous change in markets. Therefore, production managers require flexible tools to create a suitable material handling system model which explicitly and rapidly calculates the indices required as these are traditionally neglected or laboriously approximated, (i.e., time and cost in material flow inside the factory, storage area requirements, and MH utilization percentage). This paper proposes an integrated approach to analyzing and controlling material handling operations in an industrial manufacturing plant from a "full quantitative" point of view. The model presented unites quite different fields of research into a unique methodology. This material handling model rapidly and automatically provides production managers with extensive and significant information. As a result, integrated layout flow analysis interrelates systematic layout planning with operational research algorithms and visual interactive simulation, using a complete software platform to implement them. This integrated layout flow analysis approach focuses on determining the space requirement for manufacturing department buffers, the transportation system requirements, the performance indices, and the time and cost of material flows spent in the layout and in MH traffic jams.  2008 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Material handling,Plant layout analysis
Management of logistics operations in intermodal terminals by using dynamic modelling and nonlinear programming	2009	Maritime Economics and Logistics	The increase in efficiency of container terminals is addressed via an approach based on the optimisation of logistics operations. Toward this end, a discrete-time dynamic model of the various flows of containers that are inter-modally routed from arriving carriers to carriers ready for departure is proposed. On the basis of such a model, the decisions on the allocation of the available handling resources inside a container terminal are made according to the predictive-control approach by minimising a performance cost function over a forward horizon from the current time instant. Since both the dynamic equations and the cost function are in general nonlinear and since binary variables are used to model the departure or stay of a carrier, such decisions result from the on-line solution of a mixed-integer nonlinear programming problem at each time step. To solve this problem, two techniques are proposed that have to deal explicitly with the binary variables and with the nonlinearities of the model and the cost function. The first relies on the application of a standard branch-and-bound algorithm. The second is based on the idea of treating the decisions associated with the binary variables as step functions. Simulation results are reported to illustrate the pros and cons of such methodologies in a case study.  2009 Palgrave Macmillan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	21	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	Container terminal,Dynamic model,Mixed-integer programming,Nonlinear programming,Predictive control
Modal split evaluation of a maritime container terminal	2009	Maritime Economics and Logistics	Maritime container terminals are playing a growing role within global transport chains. As intermodal nodes between sea traffic flows and inland distribution, they are very important to shipping lines. The current trend of moving towards economies of scale in regard to mother vessels is also having a tremendous impact on seaport operations and hinterland transportation in terms of call size. This paper deals with the study of multimodal container flows at an Italian maritime terminal, focusing the attention on the performance of road and rail connections. In this framework, the current modal unbalance generates heavy problems of congestion and compromises the overall terminal competitiveness. This paper applies a discrete event simulation approach, in order to evaluate the feasibility of an alternative and more balanced scenario achievable in a short-mid-term perspective. Our goal is to enhance the performance of rail connections, without proposing the realisation of a new railway line which is only attainable in the long run, but trying to exploit to the full the available endowment of assets through a deep operational restructuring. Simulation runs performed in this perspective revealed the adequacy of such an approach and demonstrated the successful effects of a modal re-equilibrium.  2009 Palgrave Macmillan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	22	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	Container handling system,Discrete event simulation,Maritime container terminal,Modal re-equilibrium
Simulation-based optimization of dispatching rules for semiconductor wafer fabrication system scheduling by the response surface methodology	2009	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Scheduling of a semiconductor wafer fabrication system (SWFS) is complicated due to its re-entrant product flow, high uncertainties in operations, and rapidly changing products and technologies; thus dispatching rules have been widely used for real-time scheduling because they can provide a very quick and pretty good solution. However, deciding how to select appropriate rules is very difficult and seldom tackled. This paper describes an approach into the evaluation and optimization of dispatching rules by integrating the simulation and response surface methodology (RSM). In order to implement the proposed approach, a dynamic bottleneck dispatching (DBD) policy is designed, in which bottlenecks are detected in a timely way and adaptive dispatching decisions are made according to the real-time conditions. In addition, two case studies are carried out to demonstrate the approach. One case compares DBD to regular rules, such as CR + FIFO, EDD, SRPT, SPT, SPNB and Justice, a bottleneck dispatching method. Simulation results show that the DBD policy is superior to the other six methods. In another case study, the parameters of DBD are optimized by RSM and desirability function, and the result proves that the optimized DBD method can get even better performance.  2008 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	83	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dispatching,Response surface methodology (RSM),Semiconductor wafer fabrication system (SWFS),Simulation-based optimization
Operations Research for the management of a transhipment container terminal: The Gioia Tauro case	2009	Maritime Economics and Logistics	In this work we describe some decisional problems arising in the management of maritime container ports, together with optimisation models and algorithms suitably designed for their solution. We refer to the Gioia Tauro container terminal which recently has reached a high stage of growth, becoming one of the most important transhipment ports in the Mediterranean Sea. In particular, we focus on quay-side problems (berth allocation and quay crane scheduling), yard-side problems (tactical and operational yard management), vehicle routing problems and human resources management problems. The common final aim, in facing the above problems, is to improve the efficiency, and thus the competitiveness of the container terminal.  2009 Palgrave Macmillan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	26	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	Berth,Quay crane,Straddle carrier,Transhipment container terminal,Yard
A divide-and-conquer strategy to deadlock prevention in flexible manufacturing systems	2009	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics Part C: Applications and Reviews	Petri nets are a popular mathematical tool to investigate the deadlock problems in resource allocation systems. As an important problem solution paradigm in computer science, the divide-and-conquer strategy is used in this paper to investigate the deadlock prevention for flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) that are modeled with Petri nets. Based on the concept of resource circuits, a plant net model is divided into an idle subnet, an autonomous subnet, and a number of small but independent subnets, called toparchies, from the viewpoint of deadlock control. A liveness-enforcing supervisor, called toparch, is designed for each toparchy. If a particular separation condition holds in a plant net model, the computational complexity of toparches is significantly reduced. This research shows that the resultant net, called monarch, by composing the toparches derived for the toparchies can serve as a liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisor for the whole plant model. FMS examples are given to illustrate the proposed method.  2009 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	44	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock prevention,Divide-and-conquer strategy,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net,Siphon
Zone design and control for vehicle collision prevention and load balancing in a zone control AGV system	2009	Computers and Industrial Engineering	Because of their routing flexibility, automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have been used in many manufacturing systems, especially those in which parts with diverse and complex processing routes are made. In recent years, there have been many studies on AGV-related problems. One of them is preventing the collision of vehicles. Some traditional vehicle collision prevention strategies are zone strategies that divide guide paths into several non-overlapping zones and restrict the presence of only one vehicle in any zone at any time. Traditional zone strategies are fixed zone strategies in which the area of a zone is fixed and vehicles are not allowed to help each other. Because of these restrictions, fixed zone strategies cannot always satisfy the system's transportation demand if there is a load imbalance between vehicles of different zones. In this paper, a new zone strategy is proposed for a zone control AGV system with a network guide path. The proposed strategy is a dynamic zone strategy, which is different from a fixed zone strategy. It relies on two methods - zone partition design and dynamic zone control - to prevent the collision of vehicles and to maintain the load balance between the vehicles of different zones. The zone partition design defines a relationship coefficient, which measures both the distance relationship and the flow relationship between workstations, and uses it to find an initial zone partition design. We then improve this initial design by an SA (Simulated Annealing) based improvement procedure to achieve a better load balance result. The dynamic zone control uses two methods - zone repartition and load sharing - to ensure that vehicle collision can be prevented and the system's load balance can be maintained when the system is in operation. Simulation experiments were conducted to understand the performance of the proposed strategy. The simulation results show that the proposed strategy outperform the fixed zone strategy in throughput, WIP inventory, and flow time. The results also show that the proposed strategy is able to adapt to any changes (in the system) that cause the load imbalance problem between zones.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	34	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Load balancing,Vehicle collision prevention,Zone control AGV,Zone partition design
Modeling of workflow congestion and optimization of flow routing in a manufacturing/warehouse facility	2009	Management Science	This paper discusses the notion of workflow congestion in the context of material handling equipment interruptions in a manufacturing or warehousing facility. Development of a combination of probabilistic and physics-based models for workflow interruptions permits evaluation of the expected link travel time. The problem is then of routing in a way that minimizes total expected travel time. The rerouting problem is modeled as a multicommodity flow problem with link capacity design. A greedy upper bounding and Lagrangean relaxation algorithm are developed to solve this efficiently. To calibrate our modeling process we develop an object-oriented simulation model that explicitly considers various workflow interruptions. Our major finding is that rerouting traffic in a congested facility can significantly alleviate congestion delays and improve the efficiency of material movement. A managerial insight derived from this work is that rerouting is most effective in medium traffic-intensity situations.  2009 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	29	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Facility design,Workflow congestion
A path following control of an unmanned autonomous forklift	2009	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	In this paper, the development of an unmanned autonomous forklift is discussed. A system configuration using vision, laser ranger finder, sonar, etc. for autonomous navigation is presented. The kinematics of a spin-turn mechanism is analyzed first, and then the obtained kinematics equations are transformed to the equations represented by path variables. These equations are nonlinear state equations to be used for control purposes. A time varying feedback control law via the chained form of Murray and Sastry [12] is derived. The effectiveness of the proposed control law is examined through simulations and experiments.  ICROS, KIEE and Springer 2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	51	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Chained form,Feedback control,Kinematics,Path variables,Unmanned forklift
Advanced technology towards developing decentralized autonomous flexible manufacturing systems	2009	Studies in Computational Intelligence	One of the advanced technology for controlling production systems is a decentralized autonomous Flexible Manufacturing System (DA-FMS). The autonomous decentralized FMS aims at high production efficiency by giving self-control or decentralizing the plan, design and operation of FMS. This paper discusses the intelligent real-time decision making necessary for realizing an autonomous decentralized FMS with Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and Machining Centers (MCs). This research develops a real-time production control method called reasoning to anticipate the future (RAF) based on the predictions that forecast not only current production situations but also anticipate future ones. The paper also describes a method to rank competing hypotheses by oblivion and memory (ranking by oblivion and memory; ROM) for improving the reasoning efficiency of RAF.  2009 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Japan	0	Artificial Intelligence	None
Estimation and control of Automatic Guided Vehicle	2009	International Journal of Mechatronics and Manufacturing Systems	In this paper a control strategy of Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) is proposed. The structure of AGV is described. The strategy is based on two main purposes: the path is stored in the PLC memory and the vehicle displacement is calculated form the wheel rotation measurement. The control and localisation systems are developed. Reference path and observation measurement are matched. To keep track of the matching result of both positions, the estimated position information used to update the vehicle's position by using the Kalman Filtering (KF) algorithm. Test performance is verified with accurate positioning control by simulation and experimentation.  2009 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Thailand	1	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Automatic guided vehicle,Controlled path,Kalman filter estimator,PID controller
A hybrid genetic-heuristic algorithm for scheduling of automated guidedvehicles and quay cranes in automated container terminals	2009	2009 International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE 2009	Containers have been used in past decades increasingly as one of the mostimportant transportation tools. Containers have revolutionized cargo shippingand thus changed the world trade systematically. Container terminals as thetranshipment facility play a valuable role in performance of this transportationsystem. Improvement of this facility has been widely considered in literatures.Automated container terminals (ACTs) have been introduced to pursue thispurpose. In ACTs various transport vehicles are automated and integrated to eachother. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used in ACTs to handle containersbetween quay cranes and storage yards. Usually scheduling of the AGVs is knownas the key factor to improve the performance of ACTs. This paper proposed aheuristic algorithm to schedule the AGVs concurrently with quay cranes. Agenetic algorithm is proposed to optimize the simultaneous scheduling of AGVsand QCs. The results showed that proposed genetic algorithm can be used inpractical implications while its running time is reasonably low.  2009IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated container terminal,Automated guided vehicle,Geneticalgorithm,Quay cranes
A random key-based genetic algorithm for AGV dispatching in FMS	2009	International Journal of Manufacturing Technology and Management	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is a mobile robot used highly in industrial applications to move materials from point to point. AGV helps to reduce cost of manufacturing and increases efficiency in a manufacturing system. In this paper, we focus on the dispatching of AGVs in a Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). A FMS environment requires a flexible and adaptable material handling system. To overcome the complex system constraints of AGV dispatching in FMS, we model an AGV system by using network structure. We also propose an effective evolutionary approach for solving this problem as a network optimisation problem by Random Key-based Genetic Algorithm (RKGA). The objective is minimising the time required to complete all jobs (i.e. makespan). Numerical experiments for case study show the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Copyright  2009 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	11	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Automated guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,Network model,Random Key-based genetic algorithm,RKGA
Intelligent automated guided vehicle with reverse strategy: A comparison study	2009	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper describes the intelligent automated guided vehicle (AGV) control system. The AGV used in this paper is a virtual vehicle simulated using computer. The purpose of the control system is to control the simulated AGV for moving along the given path towards the goal. Some obstacles can be placed on or near the path to increase the difficulties of the control system. The intelligent AGV should trace the path by avoiding these obstacles. In some situations, it is inevitable to avoid the obstacles without reversing. In this paper, we look into the use of fuzzy automaton for controlling the AGV. In order to better avoid the obstacles, reverse strategy has been implemented to the fuzzy automaton controller. Another alternative to incorporate the human expertise and observations is to use a hybrid intelligent controller using fuzzy and case base reasoning to implement the reverse strategy. This paper presents the comparison results for the three intelligent AGV systems used to avoid obstacles.  2009 Springer Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
A zones formation algorithm for tandem AGV systems	2009	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This article presents a zone formation algorithm for tandem AGV systems. The goal of the algorithm is to partition a given layout into a set of non overlapping zones in order to minimize the part flows between zones (or inter-zone part flows). The proposed algorithm is based on the principle of clustering. At the start of the algorithm, we allocate each station to a zone. Later, we merge zones at various runs of the algorithm to form new zones using inter-zone parts flow and distance criteria. The restriction on the size and the parts flow in the zones is obtained by comparison against user-defined values. The algorithm terminates when all the zones satisfy the desired size and parts flow limits. We demonstrate the applicability of our approach using a numerical illustration.  2009 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Load balancing,Partitioning algorithm,Tandem AGV systems,Zones formation
The performance of load-selection rules and pickup-dispatching rules for multiple-load AGVs	2009	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	In this paper, we address the problem of load selection and pickup-dispatching of multiple-load AGVs. Various load-selection rules and pickup-dispatching rules are proposed and studied. The objective of this study is twofold. We want to understand not only the performance of load-selection rules and pickup-dispatching rules in two performance criteria-throughput and tardiness, but also the effects that pickup-dispatching rules and load-selection rules have on each other's performance. The simulation results indicate the load-selection rule with a selection criterion based on the destination similarity between loads has the best throughput and tardiness performance. Also, the pickup-dispatching rule that dispatches vehicles to the workstation with the greatest queue length has the best throughput and tardiness performance. The simulation results also indicate load-selection rules and pickup-dispatching rules affect each other's performance. For example, a load-selection rule's throughput and tardiness performance tends to improve if it is paired with a pickup-dispatching rule that shares similar logic. Furthermore, not all average-time-value-based pickup-dispatching rules are better (in throughput or tardiness) than their respective single-time-value-based pickup-dispatching rules under all load-selection rules.  2009 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	18	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Effective overhead hoist transport dispatching based on the Hungarian algorithm for a large semiconductor FAB	2009	International Journal of Production Research	This paper considers the vehicle dispatching problem in large-scale overhead hoist transport (OHT) systems of semiconductor fabrication lines. We propose a Hungarian algorithm based OHT reassignment approach named HABOR. HABOR attempts to take advantage of simultaneous vehicle reassignment based on up-to-date system status using the formulation of the assignment problem. The effectiveness of HABOR is demonstrated using a sample OHT system of a semiconductor fabrication line with more than 130 vehicles, where the flow path of the line allows direct delivery so that an inter-bay wafer movement can be accomplished by a single vehicle without an intermediate storage step at a stocker. HABOR compares favorably with the shortest travel distance first rule and with the reassignment-based rule recently proposed by the authors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	22	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assignment problem,Automated guided vehicle,Dispatching rule,Overhead hoist transport,Reassignment
Semi-autonomous vehicles with routing flexibility - Functionality and application areas	2009	International Journal of Services and Operations Management	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems are standard automated items in production and warehousing today. However, studies have rarely examined a more advanced form of AGVs called Semi-Autonomous Vehicles (SAVs), which have a higher sophistication of task completion and routing flexibility. This research presents SAVs in an industrial development case study. Using simulation, the route-keeping ability of SAVs with two types of guidance techniques is being studied. The results show that dual-navigation SAVs can provide the needed flexibility for routing. Using wire guidance and dead reckoning, both very well-established techniques, the SAVs' performance is, within certain limits, quite comparable to the AGVs with more advanced and expensive navigation techniques. Copyright  2009, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	1	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Routing flexibility,SAV,Semi-autonomous vehicle,Simulation,Technical solutions
Real time estimation of Supersonic Projectile roll angle using magnetometers: In-lab experimental validation	2009	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The goal of ISL's project GSP (Guided Supersonic Projectile) is to change the flight path of an air-defence projectile in order to correct the aim error due to the target manoeuvres. The originality of the concept is based on pyrotechnical actuators and onboard sensors which control the angular motion of the projectile. First of all, the control of the actuators requires the precise control of the roll angle of the projectile. To estimate the roll angle of the projectile, two magnetometers are embedded in the projectile to measure the projection of the earth magnetic field along radials axes of the projectiles. Then, an extended Kalman filter is used to compute the roll angle estimation. As the rolling frequency of the GSP is about 22 Hz, it is easy to test the navigation algorithm in laboratory. Two magnetometers and a LED are rotated using an electrical engine; then an electronic station based on a DSP runs an extended Kalman filter and runs a guidance algorithm to compute the trigger times of the LED. By using a high speed camera, we can observe and improve the accuracy of the method.  2009 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	4	Control and Systems Engineering	Angular position,Automated guided vehicles,Embedded systems,Estimation algorithms,Extended Kalman filters,Guidance systems,Navigation systems,Real-time systems
Control algorithms for the mobile robot "MAX" on a task of line following provided by intelligent image processing	2009	Solid State Phenomena	In the paper, we present the mobile robot "MAX" developed at the Systems Engineering Laboratory, Hochschule Ravensburg-Weingarten, which serves as a mock-up of an automated guided vehicle intended for transportation of materials, and connection between different parts of a production line in industry. The subject of the paper is autonomous robot motion along a specified track formed with a one-colored insulation tape marked on the surface, on which the robot moves. The paper focuses on track detection provided by real-time processing of the video stream from an installed on the front of the robot web-camera that is the key feature of this work. In the paper, brief overview on the construction of the mobile robot "MAX" is introduced, the task of line following and motion criteria are formulated, some approaches to track detection and its presentation with mean points are proposed. Three motion control algorithms which are ensued are also presented and verified with experiments on the mobile robot "MAX" to show their real appropriateness.  (2009) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belarus	1	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Materials Science (all),Condensed Matter Physics	Control algorithms,Mobile robot,Task of line following,Track detection
Logic-algebraic method based and constraints programming driven approach to AGVs scheduling	2009	International Journal of Intelligent Information and Database Systems	The subject matter of the study is the automated guided vehicle (AGV) operation synchronisation mechanisms in flexible manufacturing systems. The processes examination has to guarantee the collision-free and deadlock-free AGVs flow. The problem of determination of the rules coordinating access of the vehicles to the shared travel route intervals, ensuring the collision-free and deadlock-free execution of the repetitive processes was reduced to determination of the sufficient conditions of the form of a pair (initial state, a set of priority rules). In particular the problem of searching for a pair is defined in the form of the constraint satisfaction problem (CSP) and is solved with use of the logic programming techniques. The inference engine applied in the LAM is then easily implemented in a kind of constraint logic programming language. Proposed approach provides the framework allowing one to take into account both distinct, and imprecise data, in a unified way. Copyright  2009, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	1	Information Systems	CLP,Constraints logic programming,Deadlock avoidance,Fuzzy logic,Scheduling
Effective vehicle dispatching method minimising the blocking and delivery times in automatic material handling systems of 300 mm semiconductor fabrication	2009	International Journal of Production Research	This paper proposes an efficient vehicle dispatching rule which minimises the vehicle blocking and delivery times in automatic material handling systems of 300 mm semiconductor manufacturing. In order to evaluate the performance of the proposed dispatching method, discrete event simulation models were developed. The results show that the proposed method has a significant impact on average delivery time, throughput and vehicle utilisation. In particular, it reduces the variance of the delivery time remarkably.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	15	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated material handling systems,Blocking time,Dispatching rule,Overhead hoist transport,Reassignment
Evaluaton of dispagtching strategies in the decentralized coordination of AGVS	2009	16th ITS World Congress	Due to a steady increase in container traffic worldwide, modern Container Terminal ports are turning towards automation to raise their productivity, capacity and reliability. Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are among the most commonly used solutions for horizontal transport within a container terminal. A more recent development in the automated container handling is the use of cassette based or C-AGVs. The latest generation of which provides a zero emission, all electric solution through the use of induction recharge points in the terminal area. The Multi-Agent System (MAS) based simulation model provides a method for evaluating dispatching strategies for this newest generation of C-AGVs. The location and number of recharge points, cassettes, yard and quay cranes as well as the paths containers have to travel are all included in the model. The NetLogo based simulator will be used to compare existing dispatching strategies, modified versions of them, or develop and test new ones. The simulator will also simulate different scenarios, which are described in the later sections, and can thus be used to determine the best configuration and investment plan in a highly complex domain like a Container Terminal.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Transportation,Automotive Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Container Terminal,Multi agent systems,NETLOGO
ROPTALMU - A new concept of crawling portable robotic system for wing spars drilling	2009	SAE Technical Papers	In this paper a new concept of portable-crawler robotic system for wing spars drilling during their assembly phase will be presented. The solution developed, named ROPTALMU, consists of a drilling robot that is brought along the shop floor to the wing assembly tooling by means of an automated guided vehicle (AGV). Once in front of the tooling, the drilling robot is detached from the AGV and fixed securely and accurately to the tooling structure. Then a first set of holes is drilled inside the robot's reach. After this, in order to work in another product's working zone, the robot is able to walk automatically along the tooling. Once the work finished in the whole product, the robot is put again in the AGV and brought to the next product tooling. The system has been conceived so that it is able to adapt to a wide variety (different families) of wing spars performing drilling tasks on materials such as aluminum, CF and titanium. This way ROPTALMU constitutes a portable and affordable system that provides great flexibility in terms of aeronautic production. Copyright  2009 SAE International.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	4	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Power line communication for automatic guided vehicle using ZigBee	2009	IEEJ Transactions on Electronics, Information and Systems	There is an attempt to operate automatic guided vehicles by power line communication(PLC).But, the PLC system has a problem to be disconnected. Then, this paper proposes power line communicatin using ZigBee. We verified that the separated ZigBee PLC line is able to communicate.  2009 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Power line communication,Wireless communication,ZigBee
Optimal location of dwell points in a single loop AGV system with time restrictions on vehicle availability	2009	European Journal of Operational Research	Since the workload of a manufacturing system changes over time, the material handling equipment used in the facility will be idle at certain time intervals to avoid system overload. In this context, a relevant control problem in operating an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system is where to locate idle vehicles. These locations, called dwell points, establish the response times for AVG requests. In this article, a dynamic programming algorithm to solve idle vehicle positioning problems in unidirectional single loop systems is developed to minimize the maximum response time considering restrictions on vehicle time available to travel and load/unload requests. This polynomial time algorithm finds optimal dwell points when all requests from a given pick-up station are handled by a single AGV. The proposed algorithm is used to study the change in maximum response time as a function of the number of vehicles in the system.  2007.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	18	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Automated guided vehicles,Dwell points,Dynamic programming
An integrated approach to determine the block layout, AGV flow path and the location of pick-up/delivery points in single-loop systems	2009	International Journal of Production Research	Layout design and material handling system design are two of the major aspects of facility planning. Although both aspects directly influence each other, the classical approach to the layout design is carried out in two separate steps: in the first step the block layout, i.e. the location of the departments in the workshop, is constructed, and in the second step, the material handling system is designed. The separate optimisation of these two aspects of the problem leads to solutions that can be far from the global optimum. In this paper, we develop an integrated algorithm to design the facilities and material handling systems. We focus on single-loop AGV systems. The proposed algorithm determines the block layout, AGV single-loop flow path and pick-up delivery stations, simultaneously. The associated from-to chart and the area of departments are the principal inputs of the algorithm. The objective is minimising total material flow distance among all departments. The results of our computational experiments show the algorithm was coded using MATLAB 7.0, and that our integrated algorithm is more efficient in terms of both the objective function value and the runtime.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	12	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Flow path design,Layout,Material handling,Pick-up/delivery station,Single loop
Dynamic routing strategies for automated container terminals	2009	ESM 2009 - 2009 European Simulation and Modelling Conference: Modelling and Simulation 2009	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) play a central role in automated container terminals. To achieve a high productivity of the terminal it is necessary to develop efficient routing methods. This paper studies dynamic routing methods for AGV systems. Dynamic AGV routing offers great advantages over the traditional static routing methods. It can add flexibility, reduce congestion and eliminates deadlock. In this research, a shortest path planning using time windows (SPPTW) concept is used to find the possible alternative routes for each AGV. The optimal route is selected based on the shortest travel time. Two alternatives are compared in this paper. In the first method presented, the entire route between origin and destination is determined before the AGV starts driving. On large, complex terminals, thus with a large number of nodes, this approach can lead to unacceptable long calculations. To reduce the computation time of the algorithm, a second method is proposed which adds a decision point in the middle of the entire route. The purpose of this decision point is to present a more dynamic situation, where AGVs are allowed to stop during route execution. The decision point can be configured as a parking location on the terminal, not blocking the other traffic, or as a recharging point in real terminal operation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Automated Container Terminal,Discrete Simulation,Dynamic Routing
The transport strategies for fully automated manufacturing in 300 mm wafer fab	2009	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	This paper addresses the operational issues of transport strategies in tool and vehicle dispatching integration (TVDI) architecture in a fully automated manufacturing wafer fab. At present, there are three transport strategies involved in vehicle dispatching, namely, avoid blocking, avoid starvation, and accelerate batch preparation. These strategies were developed to obviate production obstacles and to avoid capacity loss. Consequently, there are five levels in the decision-making process of TVDI, namely, dispatching request, conditions checking, candidate selection, dispatching rules, and result execution. Specifically, candidate selection was classified into five categories: FOUP-selects-tool (FST), FOUP-selects-stocker (FSS), tool-selects-FOUP (TSF), FOUP-selects-vehicle (FSV), and vehicle-selects-FOUP (VSF). The proposed transport strategies were implemented in VSF, and a simulation model abstracted from a wafer fab in Taiwan was used to evaluate the performance. The results show that the differences in the proposed strategies compared with ignoring the issues are statistically significant, and the performances of the wafer output, cycle time and waiting time can be improved.  2009 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AMHS,Dispatching,Integration,Simulation,Transport,Wafer fab
A coordination technique for automatic guided vehicles in an industrial environment	2009	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In this paper we propose a methodology for coordinating a group of mobile robots that go through predefined paths in a dynamic industrial environment. The technique is developed to be implemented into a real industrial framework. Coordination diagrams are used for representing the possible collisions among the vehicles. We exploit this information for developing a centralized and incremental planning algorithm that allows to coordinate the vehicles and to take into account unexpected events that can occur in an industrial environment. Simulation tests considering a real plant have been executed in order to compare the performance of our technique with the one currently implemented by the company.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous vehicles,Coordination,Material handling,Multi robots
Context-aware multi-stage routing	2009	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS	In context-aware route planning, a set of agents has to plan routes on a common infrastructure and each agent has to plan a conflict-free route from a source to a destination with-out invalidating plans made by other agents. The existence of such a conflict-free set of plans can be ensured if each agent is allowed to reserve time slots on the infrastructure resources it intends to use. In the multi-stage variant of the context-aware routing problem, each agent has a sequence of destination locations it must visit. A naive approach to solve the multi-stage variant is to make context-aware route plans between every two subsequent locations in the sequence, and then to concatenate these plans together. It can easily be shown, however, that this concatenation approach cannot guarantee that a multi-stage plan (if it exists) can always be found, and even if it is found, then it need not be optimal. Therefore, we present a new polynomial-time algorithm for the multi-stage routing problem that always returns the optimal (shortest-time) route for a single agent, given a set of reservations made by previous agents, thus providing a set of Pareto-optimal route plans. Obviously, the need for such a dedicated multi-stage routing algorithm depends on the frequency with which the concatenation approach fails to find a plan, or finds a rather inefficient one. Our experiments show that, given a set of reservations from 200 agents, the concatenation approach fails to find a solution in more than 50% of the eases, for random visiting sequences of six locations or more. However, if the concatenation approach does find a solution, its plan quality is often close to that of an optimal solution. General Terms Algorithms Categories and Subject Descriptors F.2.2 [Nonnumerical Algorithms and Problems]: Routing and Layout; 1.2.11 [Distributed Artificial Intelligence]: Multiagent Systems. Copyright  2009, International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Agents,Multi-stage routing
Decomposition of petri nets and lagrangian relaxation for solving routing problems for AGVs	2009	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, we propose a Lagrangian relaxation method for solving routing problems for multiple AGVs by decomposition of timed Petri nets. The AGV routing problem is represented by an optimal transition firing sequence problem for timed Petri nets. The timed Petri net is decomposed into several subnets in which the subproblem for each subnet can be easily solved by Dijkstra's algorithm. We show that each subproblem generated by each subnet is polynomially solvable. The optimality of the solution can be evaluated by the duality gap derived by the Lagrangian relaxation method. The performance of the proposed method is compared with a conventional optimisation algorithm with the penalty function method. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	17	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Decomposition,Lagrangian relaxation,Petri nets,Routing
RADIO frequency indoors localization using trilateration	2009	16th Saint Petersburg International Conference on Integrated Navigation Systems, ICINS 2009 - Proceedings	This paper describes state-of-art radio frequency (RF) localization in indoors quasi-structured environments. Trilateration is a technique adopted by RF localization method which makes use of available communications subsystem. Therefore, localization hardware is supported by that sub-system and only additional software is shown to be necessary in building localization framework. This paper shows that RF localization can be applied to indoors localization of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) with improvement of localization accuracy using artificial neural networks (ANNs). ANN can be a type of transfer function emulation scheme that does not require knowledge of corresponding function properties and, with a feed-forward structure trained through error back-propagation algorithms, it can be useful to estimate AGV location through RF link signal parameter measurements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Signal Processing	Artificial neural network,Automated guided vehicle,Dead-reckoning,Localization,Trilateration
A hybrid ant colony system for machine assignment problem in flexiblemanufacturing systems	2009	2009 International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE 2009	This paper deals with a new problem: the conjoint solution of machineassignment, job scheduling and vehicle scheduling in an FMS environment. Thisproblem arises when we wish to reconsider the design of an FMS by evaluating itsfunctioning with a higher model granularity. The experimental results obtainedshow that, in many cases, a simple reorganization of the machines can improvethe overall productivity of an FMS. The evaluation model considered permits tosynchronize the handling material system with the production tools, in order tominimize the time required for the production of a given set of jobs (makespan).We propose a solution approach based on an hybridized Ant Colony System (ACS).ACS integrates the knowledge of the current design of the FMS for constructingnew machine assignments. Their makespan is evaluated by a black box optimizationsubroutine.  2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Ant colony system,Flexible manufacturing systems,Hybrid methods,Machineassignment problem
Modelling the effect of AGV operating conditions on operator perception of acceptability and hazard	2009	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	In order to increase productivity and reduce labour costs, many manufacturing companies have adopted automated systems such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs) for performing material handling and transportation tasks in the production process. In the study, virtual reality is utilised to simulate the pre-defined path of AGVs, and examine the effects of operating conditions on perception of hazards in virtual and real operating conditions. A series of experiments were conducted to develop an empirical relationship with the psychophysical Stevens' power law. Based on the analytical results from the experiments, empirical models of Stevens' psychophysical power functions for perception of acceptability and hazards within a dynamic virtual work environment are developed. Using the sequential experiments technique, a comparison of perception in virtual and real operating conditions was made for female subjects (n=20) after data bridging. Results show that speed of the AGV and distance to the AGV significantly influence the perception of hazards in virtual operating conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Dynamic virtual objects,Hazard perception,Psychophysical power function,Stevens',Virtual reality
Combining logistic container terminal simulation and device emulation using an open-source java framework	2009	International Conference on Harbour, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modelling and Simulation	In this paper we intend to show that the open-source simulation framework DESMO-J can be used not only for logistic investigations - as it was being used by many during the last years - but also for evaluating and testing control systems. Therefore we propose to implement model components of container terminals in such a way that they can be used in logistic simulation as well as in device emulation test beds. This paper outlines our experience in extending DESMO-J for a broad range of applications in the context of container terminals and our experience in developing reusable model components for simulation and emulation. While Java-based DESMO-J is a product of the University of Hamburg, the functional container terminal extension, called COCoS, we present in this paper has been developed by the Hamburger Hafen and Logistik AG.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Germany	3	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research,Transportation	Container terminal,Device emulation,Discrete simulation framework,Logistic simulation
Hypothetical reasoning approach for Automated Guided Vehicle action decision in Autonomous Decentralised Flexible Manufacturing Systems	2009	International Journal of Intelligent Systems Technologies and Applications	This paper presents an approach of hypothetical reasoning for action decision of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) in Autonomous Decentralised in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (AD-FMS). The AD-FMS is characterised as being online, in real-time mode and of a short-term nature that responds to frequent changing of the production order. The decentralised control in AD-FMS enables to solve dynamically some typical task of production system without using a fixed centralised control system. We adopt a hypothetical reasoning approach that will decide the conceivable next action from the competition hypothesis. Simulation results show that the efficiency of AGV in AD-FMS increased.  2009 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	1	Computer Science (all)	AGV,Automated Guided Vehicle,Flexible Manufacturing Systems,FMS,hypothetical reasoning
Combining logistic container terminal simulation and device emulation using an open-source Java framework	2009	International Conference on Harbor, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modeling and Simulation, HMS 2009, Held at the International Mediterranean and Latin American Modeling Multiconference, I3M 2009	In this paper we intend to show that the open-source simulation framework DESMO-J can be used not only for logistic investigations - as it was being used by many during the last years - but also for evaluating and testing control systems. Therefore we propose to implement model components of container terminals in such a way that they can be used in logistic simulation as well as in device emulation test beds. This paper outlines our experience in extending DESMO-J for a broad range of applications in the context of container terminals and our experience in developing reusable model components for simulation and emulation. While Java-based DESMO-J is a product of the University of Hamburg, the functional container terminal extension, called COCoS, we present in this paper has been developed by the Hamburger Hafen and Logistik AG.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Modeling and Simulation	Container terminal,Device emulation,Discrete simulation framework,Logistic simulation
The generalised dwell point location problem	2009	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	This research presents a generalised procedure to determine the optimal dwell point location for an arbitrary service device within a defined region. Similar to some existing dwell point location research for material handling systems, this study models a generic system that responds to demands for service from a region defined by a bi-variate random vector over some predefined service region as well as from a particular point analogous to the Input/Output (I/O) location for an arbitrary material handling system. A step-by-step procedure is delineated for determining the optimal dwell point location for a generic system. Extensions to the model for systems with multiple point (I/O) locations as well as for systems with multiple service regions are also presented. Copyright  2009, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dwell point location,Facility location,Location science
Real-time AGV action decision in AD-FMS by hypothetical reasoning	2009	European Journal of Scientific Research	In this study we present an approach of hypothetical reasoning for action decision of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) in Autonomous Decentralized in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (AD-FMS). The AD-FMS is characterized as being online, in real- time mode and of a short-term nature that responds to frequent changing of the production order. The decentralized control in AD-FMS enables to solve dynamically some typical task of production system without using a fixed centralized control system. We adopt a hypothetical reasoning approach that will decide the conceivable next action from the competition hypothesis. Simulation results show that the efficiency of AGV in AD-FMS increased.  EuroJournals Publishing, Inc. 2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	3	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all),Materials Science (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Engineering (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Autonomous decentralized,Flexible manufacturing systems,Hypothetical reasoning
Dynamic deployment rule of transfer cranes in container terminal	2009	2008 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, ROBIO 2008	In a container terminal, the workload distribution among storage blocks (container stacking areas) changes over time. Therefore, transfer cranes (TCs), which are mobile cranes for container handling in storage blocks, have to move among blocks appropriately according to the distribution, and, the efficiency of yard operations depends heavily on the productivity of TCs. In the proposed method, we calculate the distribution by looking ahead to determine the deployment of TCs dynamically. The simulation results show that the proposed method can improve the efficiency of yard operations.  2008 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Biotechnology,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Container terminal,Look ahead,Transfer crane (TC),Transportation system
Closed form models for dwell point locations for overhead bridge cranes	2009	International Journal of Operational Research	This research presents a methodology for determining the optimal dwell point location for an overhead bridge crane to minimise the expected response times. The problem is modelled as a planar minisum location problem with both zero dimensional (point) and two-dimensional (planar) existing demands. These demands come in three forms: from the Input/Output (I/O) location into the service area (storage move), from the service area to the I/O (retrieval move); and, across the service area (intra-service area move). The result is a non-trivial solution to where the crane should dwell when it is idle. Results of an implementation are also presented.  2009 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Management Science and Operations Research	continuous approximation,dwell point location,overhead bridge crane
Route planning method of multiple mobile robots for transportation task based on collision prospect	2009	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	Multiple robot system with decentralized control attracts attention and is expected to play an important role in transportation systems in factories and warehouses. In transportation systems, it is necessary to plan a route that minimizes the transportation time with less collision and deadlock. The goal of this study is to calculate appropriate routes with reducing communication load and computational load. In this paper, we proposed to combine prior route planning and local avoidance. In order to reduce computational load, each robot predict probability of collision with other robots by comparing present and destination position. A route with less collision is calculated by reflecting the overlap of route which has probability of collision into dijkstra method. The proposed method is evaluated through the computer simulation and the experiment using real robots.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Distributed coordination,Multi-agent,Planning
Three dimensional ultrasound gestural interface	2009	Proceedings - IEEE Ultrasonics Symposium	Tracking complex human body 3D gestures to realize human-computer interfaces is possible using the proposed localization system. It is composed of a number of low-cost 3D remote position sensors and of a set of beacons that emit a sequence of ultra-acoustic pulses in the space region containing the position sensors. When impinged by the acoustic wavefronts, each sensor sends back a signal to a central unit through a suitable transmission channel. The central unit, knowing the positions of the acoustic beacons and the time of arrival of the sensor signals, computes the positions of the sensors, identifying and discarding possible false signals due to echoes and environmental noise. In a first prototype implementation, four coplanar beacons, actually earphones, are placed at the corners of a PC screen, and are forced to emit pulses in the 20 - 40 kHz band. Each sensor is equipped with a wideband miniature microphone, which is wired to an acquisition board. All the computation, including signal filtering, time of arrival detection, localization and results display, is carried out by a notebook PC at 25 Hz. 2009 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Acoustics and Ultrasonics	Airborne ultrasounds,Gestural man-machine interface,Localization algorithm,Localization sensor
Analysis of algorithms for an online version of the convoy movement problem	2009	Journal of the Operational Research Society	In the convoy movement problem (CMP), a set of convoys must be routed from specified origins to destinations in a transportation network, represented by an undirected graph. Two convoys may not cross each other on the same edge while travelling in opposing directions, a restriction referred to as blocking. However, convoys are permitted to follow each other on the same edge, with a specified headway separating them, but no overtaking is permitted. Further, the convoys to be routed are distinguished based on their length. Particle convoys have zero length and are permitted to traverse an edge simultaneously, whereas convoys with non-zero length have to follow each other, observing a headway. The objective is to minimize the total time taken by convoys to travel from their origins to their destinations, given the travel constraints on the edges. We consider an online version of the CMP where convoy demands arise dynamically over time. For the special case of particle convoys, we present an algorithm that has a competitive ratio of 3 in the worst case and (5/2) on average. For the particle convoy problem, we also present an alternate, randomized algorithm that provides a competitive ratio of (√ 13-1). We then extend the results to the case of convoys with length, which leads to an algorithm with an O(TCL) competitive ratio, where T={Maxet(e)}/{Minet(e)}, C is the maximum congestion (the number of distinct convoy origin-destination pairs that use any edge e) and L={MaxcL(c)}/{MincL(c)}; here L(c)>0 represents the time-headway to be observed by any convoy that follows c and t(e) represents the travel time for a convoy c on edge e.  2009 Operational Research Society Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	Competitive ratio,Convoy movement problem,Online algorithms
Integrated, virtual plant design and commissioning methodology using digital manufacturing and lean principles	2009	SAE Technical Papers	New and unprecedented changes in customer demands, globalization, cost pressures, innovative product development strategies to shorten product development time, and changing external landscape with reduction of trade barriers, poses challenges and opportunities for the manufacturing industry. Customer demands and needs require modification and reconfiguration of existing manufacturing and assembly plants as well as creation and setup of new 'Greenfield' facilities in developing countries. Currently, the solutions provided by most service providers focuses on limited elements of the solution methodology. We have developed an integrated methodology to perform virtual plant commissioning using digital manufacturing, design for six sigma and lean manufacturing principles. Starting from product definition, the paper goes into the depth of macro and micro level plant layout, line layout and definition, line simulation, line balancing, optimization of line and process plans, tooling station detail, material flow, and kitting of modules. It integrates design at plant level, line level, station level and equipment level and as a result of this approach; multiple what-if scenarios are evaluated and visualized in 3D, early on in the product development process, before the need for investment in plant infrastructure. In addition, this methodology helps simulate the movement of a 3D digital prototype through a virtual plant; thereby helping reduce 'unpredicted' product launch costs and corrective tear-up of physical infrastructure. Copyright  2009 SAE International.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
New method for ultrasonic absolute localization	2009	Jilin Daxue Xuebao (Gongxueban)/Journal of Jilin University (Engineering and Technology Edition)	The precision of the traditional ultrasonic localization method is limited due to unsufficiently precise estimation of the sound velocity and the time of flight (TOF), therefore, a new method, the special fusion method for redundancy ultrasonic information (SFMRUI) was proposed to solve the precision problem. SFMRUI uses the geometric relationships among the redundant information and the implicit relationships between the redundant information and the error to correct the error It is possible to eliminate the error of TOF, to calculate the wave lagging error and to estimate the measurement accuracy by SFMRUI. The experiments and simulations were performed and their results proved that the SFMRUI is correct and effective to improve the absolute localization accuracy. The proposed method is superior obviously to the traditional method and the time difference method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Multidisciplinary	Automatic control technology,Redundancy ultrasonic information,Times of flight (TOF),Ultrasonic absolute localization,Wave lagging error
Bi-criteria Convoy Movement Problem	2009	The Journal of Defense Modeling and Simulation: Applications, Methodology, Technology	The problem of routing and scheduling military convoys adhering to certain constraints is known as the convoy movement problem. This work addresses a bi-criteria model for the peacetime version of the convoy movement problem with minimizing total travel time and travel span as objectives. Two approaches, one based on goal programming and the other based on simulated annealing, are proposed. Encouraging results have been obtained.  2009, The Societyfor Modeling and Simulation International. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	5	Modeling and Simulation,Engineering (miscellaneous)	conflicts,mathematical models,meta-heuristics,military convoys,peacetime
Simulation models for evaluation of terminal operations and traffic flow on adjacent road network	2009	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The goods movement via terminals at ports is a complex operation as it involves use of different modes of transport that includes surface and marine. In this paper, we present three simulation models which can be used to understand and evaluate these operations. The macroscopic simulation model simulates the flows in and out of terminals and ports and it is integrated with a microscopic simulation model of the adjacent road network. A terminal cost model receives inputs from these two models to evaluate the cost associated with the processing of containers inside the terminal. The use of the three models is demonstrated by evaluating the impact of terrorist attack scenarios on a container terminal in LA/LB Port complex.  2009 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Control and Systems Engineering	ACC,Terminal cost model,Terminal simulator,Terrorism,VISSIM
Deadlock control of autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems via coloured timed Petri nets and digraph tools	2009	International Journal of Production Research	This paper addresses the deadlock control problem for the autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval system (AVS/RS). For an AVS/RS with several autonomous vehicles running in bi-direction, deadlock control is one of the key issues in the implementation of AVS/RS. The cycle-deadlock is the main type of deadlock in AVS/RS. In the paper, the dynamic model of AVS/RS is investigated by using coloured timed Petri nets (CTPN). Based on the CTPN model, a route digraph is built to detect cycle-deadlock in AVS/RS with digraph tools; the necessary and sufficient conditions of deadlock-free are established. Moreover deadlock-free control policies are proposed, the critical state in deadlock free is also identified and FCFS policy is applied to solve it. Finally, a case study is given to validate the policies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems,Autonomous vehicle system,Coloured timed Petri net,Cycle-deadlock,Route digraph
Development of a self-position recognition method by using image processing and 3D model of a warehouse for automation guided vehicle	2009	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	In this paper, we propose a self-position recognition method, which uses image processing and three-dimensional (3D) modeling, for improving the navigation of an automation guided vehicle (AGV) in a warehouse. In this recognition method, a viewpoint in the 3D model is determined such that the model image from that viewpoint corresponds to the image captured by a particular camera. The AGV determines its self-position using the estimated viewpoint. Furthermore, we propose an obstacle detection method which is combined a 3D model with an image processing. A mobile robot system which is adapted the proposed self-position recognition method and obstacle detection method is composed, and the effectiveness of these proposed methods are demonstrated by the experiments using the mobile robot system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automation guided vehicle,Image processing,Self-position recognition,Three dimensional model
Development and application of a simulation model for throughput improvement in the melting shop of a steel plant	2009	International Journal of Operational Research	This paper discusses the use of a simulation model to improve the throughput in the Steel Melting Shop (SMS) of a steel plant located in the eastern part of India. The simulation model developed was first validated to confirm that it represents the system in reality. This valid model is then used to identify bottlenecks in the system. Results from the simulation study identified that in the present working system, the set-up time due to grade change at Continuous Casting Machines (CCMs) acts as a bottleneck in the SMS. Further, through simulation study, optimum casting plan horizon is identified. Copyright  2009, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	6	Management Science and Operations Research	Bottleneck,Delay,Simulation,Steel plant,Throughput
Modelling reconfigurable manufacturing systems with coloured timed petri nets	2009	International Journal of Production Research	Reconfigurable manufacturing systems (RMSs) have been acknowledged as a promising means of providing manufacturing companies with the required production capacities and capabilities. This is accomplished through reconfiguring system elements over time for a diverse set of individualised products often required in small quantities and with short delivery lead times. Recognising the importance of dynamic modelling and visualisation in decision-making support in RMSs and the limitations of current research, we propose in this paper to model RMSs with Petri net (PN) techniques with focus on the process of reconfiguring system elements while considering constraints and system performance. In view of the modelling challenges, including variety handling, production variation accommodation, machine selection, and constraint satisfaction, we develop a new formalism of coloured timed PNs. In conjunction with coloured tokens and timing in coloured and timed PNs, we also define a reconfiguration mechanism to meet modelling challenges. An application case from an electronics company producing mobile phone vibration motors is presented. Also reported are system analysis and application results, which show how the proposed formalism can be used in the reconfiguration decision making process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	23	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Coloured PNs,Reconfigurable manufacturing systems,Reconfiguration mechanism,Timed PNs
Developing successful Autonomous Ground Vehicles: Lessons learned from DARPA challenges	2009	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper presents a framework to follow for developing a successful Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV). The paper studies AGVs which competed in the 2005 DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) Grand Challenge (DGC05) and 2007 DARPA Urban Challenge (DUC07). The focus would be on the AGVs who managed to finish the challenges successfully and strives to find a common framework for these AGVs. Components of successful vehicles are investigated and presented by the use of examples of how they can be used and implemented.  2009 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Dynamical characteristics of lateral guided robotic vehicle with a rear wheel steer mechanism controlled by sensor steering mechanism	2009	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	This paper proposes SSM (Sensor Steering Mechanism) for lateral guided vehicle with rear wheel steer mechanism. Author demonstrated the geometry of SSM for the front wheel steer type and the reverse phase four-wheel steer type one. SSM presents a stable lateral guiding performance for automated vehicle which follows a straight and curved path created by guideway. The other hand, SSM is not established for a rear wheel steer type vehicle. Rear wheel steer vehicles are forklifts and backward moving of the conventional motor vehicles of which steering wheels are located at the front. SSM for the rear wheel steer vehicles enables a forklift to automated moving on every spaces, if the control method by SSM is established. This paper leads SSM relation for a rear wheel steer vehicle and constructs an experimental robotic vehicle with proposed SSM. Simulated and experimental data show the advantages of proposed SSM.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	4	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Lateral guided vehicle,Rear wheel steering type,Robot vehicle,Smart camera,SSM
Multistage off-line permutation packet routing on a mesh: An approach with elementary mathematics	2009	Journal of Computer Science and Technology	Various methods have been proposed for off-line permutation packet routing on a mesh. One of the methods is known as multistage routing, in which the first stage is crucial. For the first stage of routing, the previous study normally converts it to a problem of graph theory and proves the existence of solutions. However, there is a lack of simple algorithms to the first stage of routing. This article presents an explicit and simple approach for the first stage of routing based on elementary mathematics.  2009 Springer.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	2	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Explicit algorithm,Permutation packet routing
Heuristics for convoy movement problem	2009	Strategic Analysis	Convoy movement problem involves routing and scheduling military convoys across a limited route network, adhering to certain strategic constraints. This article suggests using heuristics for solving the dynamic version of the problem where the network changes over time. The performance of heuristics evaluated against lower bounds, when applied to a number of hypothetical data-sets, is found to be encouraging.  2009 Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	1	Safety Research,Political Science and International Relations	None
Heuristics for the m-Peripatetic Salesman Problem (m-PSP) Heuristiques pour le problème du vendeur m- péripatétique	2009	RAIRO - Operations Research	The m-Peripatetic Salesman Problem (m-PSP) is defined on a undirected graph G = (V,E) where V {1,...n} is the vertex set, E = {(i, j) : i, j ∈ V, i ≤ j} is the edge set and (cij is a cost matrix defined on E. The m-PSP consists of determining m edge-disjoint Hamiltonian cycles of least total cost on G. This article describes seven new heuristics for the m-PSP and compares them with the heuristic proposed by Krarup in 1975.  2009 EDP Sciences.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	None
Possibilities of reduction of the on-board energy for an innovative subway	2009	World Electric Vehicle Journal	2009 AVERE.An innovative subway has been proposed using supercapacitors as energy source. In this paper, are presented different possibilities to reduce on-board stored energy in order to downsize the on-board energy storage subsystem. Special attention is paid to the influence of a feeding rail extension or a downward slope at the beginning of the interstation on the on-board stored energy. A map is built to facilitate the selection of the solution which leads to reduce the on-board energy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Automotive Engineering	Energy gain,Energy sizing,Energy storage,On-board energy,Subway,Supercapacitor,Traction system,Ultracapacitor
Pallet pose estimation with LIDAR and vision for Autonomous Forklifts	2009	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper is focused on enhancing current AGv flexibility in non structured environments. It proposes a scheme to solve the problem of identifying a pallet, which pose is known with large uncertainty, from fused laser range and vision data and navigating to it by on line calculating and performing highly continuous paths for a precise target reaching. The novelty is in the combination of range and colorimetric measurements still not exploited, to our knowledge, for pallet recognition and localization.  2009 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Control and Systems Engineering	AGv,Autonomous Forklift,Continuous curvature,Docking,LIDAR,Pallet,Vision
Real time method to detect the waving drive from a single camera	2009	IEEJ Transactions on Electronics, Information and Systems	In this paper, we propose a method to detect the waving drive from a single camera in real-time. The requirement for the proposed method is computation time, accuracy and the dependency on the lane marker. The previous waving drive detection systems are based on the detection of the lane marker. Thus, the previous systems can't work on a road with no lane marker, like a snow road. The proposed method uses the planar region in front of the vehicle by converting it to a top-view image. The system is able to work on a road without a lane marker. To resolve the problem of the computation time, we apply the particle filter to speed up the proposed method. The proposed method is tested on both synthesized and real image to check the accuracy and computation speed. The experiment shows that the proposed method works on both roads with or without lane marker. Also, an online experiment is done to demonstrate that proposed method works in real-time.  2009 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Homography,ITS,Lateral position estimation,Real-time system,Top-view image,Waving detection
A heuristic algorithm for yard truck scheduling and storage allocation problems	2009	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	The yard truck scheduling and the storage allocation are two important decision problems affecting the efficiency of container terminal operations. This paper proposes a novel approach that integrates these two problems into a whole. The objective is to minimize the weighted sum of total delay of requests and the total travel time of yard trucks. Due to the intractability of the proposed problem, a hybrid insertion algorithm is designed for effective problem solutions. Computational experiments are conducted to examine the key factors of the problem and the performance of the proposed heuristic algorithm.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	73	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container terminal operations,Heuristic algorithm,Storage allocation,Yard truck scheduling
High efficiency contactless energy transfer system with power electronic resonant converter	2009	Bulletin of the Polish Academy of Sciences: Technical Sciences	A novel Inductive Contactless Energy Transfer (ICET) system is presented in this paper. The energy is transferred using a rotatable air gap transformer and a power electronic converter. To minimize total losses of the system a series resonant circuit is applied, assuring zero current switching condition for IGBT power transistors. The analytical expression of the transfer dc voltage gain is given and discussed. The developed ICET system is characterized by high efficiency and fast FPGA based controller and protection system. The resonant frequency is adjusted by extreme regulator which follows instantaneous value of primary peak current. Simulated and experimental results which verify and illustrate operation of developed 3 kW laboratory model are presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	39	Information Systems,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Engineering (all),Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	FPGA control,Inductive contactless energy transfer,Series resonant converter
Optimising material handling costs in an assembly workshop	2009	International Journal of Production Research	The intense competition imposed by the current global market, forces companies to implement lean manufacturing techniques. Major progress has already been made in this field and factories continue to reduce costs and lead times. Within this context, the crucial impact of logistics on production efficiency renders the design and planning of the supply chain a key factor in the reduction of costs and the maximisation of product availability. The logistics of an assembly workshop are usually specified empirically, which often generates an overestimation of its needs. Therefore, the current study focuses on these needs and introduces the ACW (assignment of components in warehouses) method for optimising the assignment of components to storage areas. This original method is based on a successive resolution of cost assessments, shortest path problems and generalised assignment problems. It takes into account congestions in the network of aisles that appear during the loading/unloading stages of material handling. A case study of Renault's Flins factory is detailed to validate the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	9	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Activity based costing,Availability,Capability indices,Computer vision,Control charts,Design for manufacture,Design of experiments,Robotics
A cooperative control model for multiagent-based material handling systems	2009	Expert Systems with Applications	This paper presents an Artificial Immune System (AIS)-based model for cooperative control of multiagent systems. This cooperative control model describes collective behaviors of autonomous agents, known as the AIS agents that are exemplified by the regulated activities performed by individual agents under the computation paradigm of Artificial Immune System. The regulations and emergence of agent behaviors are derived from the immune threshold measures that determine those activities performed by the AIS agents at an individual level. These threshold measures together with the collective behavioral model defined the cooperative control of the AIS-based control framework under which AIS agents behave and act strategically according to the changing environment. The cooperative control model is presented under the three domains, namely exploration, achievement and cooperation domains where AIS agents operate. In this research, we implemented the proposed cooperative control model with a case study of automated material handling with a group of AIS agents that cooperate to achieve the defined tasks.  2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	7	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Artificial Immune System,Distributed control,Multiagent system
Short-term schedulability analysis of multiple distiller crude oil operations in refinery with oil residency time constraint	2009	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics Part C: Applications and Reviews	Because of the complexity of a short-term scheduling problem for crude oil operations, some constraints are ignored in modeling the system by the existing approaches, leading to an infeasible solution. To avoid this, the short-term scheduling problem can be studied in control theory perspective by viewing an operation decision in the schedule as a control. With this idea, this paper conducts the schedulability analysis for systems with two and more than two distillers, and the schedulability conditions are presented with the help of Petri net theory. It shows that the number of charging tanks and their capacity, the amount of crude oil of different types in the charging tanks, the oil transportation rate of the pipeline, and the production rate of the system affect the safeness of the system. It also presents the conditions under which the system can reach its maximal production rate. With the safeness conditions and proved results presented in this paper, if a refining schedule is realizable, a feasible detailed schedule for the refining schedule can be easily obtained by creating the operation decisions for the schedule one by one. In the schedule obtained, the starting time of each operation decision can be at any continuous time point, and the schedule is certainly feasible, which overcomes the difficulty faced by techniques that are based on mathematical programming methods.  2008 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	43	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Hybrid model,Hybrid Petri net,Oil refinery,Optimality,Petri net (PN),Scheduling
Mathematical programming and simulation based layout planning of container terminals	2009	International Journal of Simulation and Process Modelling	Container terminal operators are under pressure to handle the increasing amount of container transfer in the global transportation network. To manage the growth, new container terminals are built or the capacity of existing ones is expanded using modern container handling technologies as well as automatic equipment. An efficient layout of the container terminal is crucial to obtain the maximum capacity. In this paper we present an approach based on a mixed integer linear model to find promising layout configurations for container terminals. Means of simulation are used to validate and evaluate the attained layout configuration. In addition the adequacy of the mixed integer linear model for planning layouts of container terminals is evaluated using the developed simulation model.  2009 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	5	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Container terminal,Layout optimisation,Simulation,Terminal design
An optimised dynamic bottleneck dispatching policy for semiconductor wafer fabrication	2009	International Journal of Production Research	A dynamic bottleneck dispatching (DBD) policy is designed in this paper to detect bottlenecks in a timely way and make adaptive dispatching decisions of semiconductor wafer fabrication systems according to the real-time conditions. Control parameters of the proposed DBD algorithm are optimised by response surface methodology (RSM) and desirability functions. Numerical results show that DBD outperforms common scheduling rules such as CR + FIFO, EDD, SRPT, SPT, SPNB and an existing dynamic bottleneck dispatching method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	19	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dynamic bottleneck dispatching (DBD),Response surface methodology (RSM),Semiconductor wafer fabrication system (SWFS),Simulation optimisation
Extension of the Honda-DRI "safety impact methodology" (SIM) for the NHTSA advanced crash avoidance technology (ACAT) program and application to a prototype advanced collision mitigation braking system	2009	SAE Technical Papers	The Advanced Crash Avoidance Technologies (ACAT) program initiated by the National Highway Safety Administration had two major objectives. These were to develop a standardized Safety Impact Methodology (SIM) tool to evaluate the effectiveness of advanced technologies in avoiding and mitigating specific types of vehicle crashes; and to develop and demonstrate objective tests that are used in the SIM to verify the safety impact of a real system. Honda and Dynamic Research Inc. (DRI) have been developing and applying such SIMs for several years and have a Cooperative Agreement with NHTSA to further develop a SIM that provides an estimate of full systems safety benefits at a national level. Objective tests that produce quantifiable, repeatable and reproducible results have been developed to ensure that the proposed safety problem countermeasure will meet full system performance specifications and that the results are directly linked to the safety needs and a sample of technology-relevant accidents being addressed. The objective tests, which are based on dynamic reconstructions of a sub-sample of the technology-relevant real accidents, include full-scale track tests with an expert driver using automatically guided soft targets (GSTs) of an automobile and a pedestrian, and driving simulator tests with a jury of typical drivers in order to include the effects of a sample of driver reactions to system warnings and interventions. Results from the objective tests were used to parameterize, calibrate and validate the SIM tool, which was then used to estimate US-level safety benefits. The SIM tool itself includes modules for automated reconstruction of conflict and crash scenarios; definition and sampling of technology-relevant crash types; dynamic simulation involving a human-vehicle-device-environmental model; and an overall safety effects estimator. An example application of the developed SIM tool and related objective tests is used to evaluate a Honda prototype Advanced Collision Mitigation Braking System (A-CMBS). Copyright  2009 SAE International.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Autonomous ground vehicle control system for High-Speed and safe operation	2009	International Journal of Vehicle Autonomous Systems	This paper describes a new Autonomous Ground Vehicles (AGVs) trajectory tracking control system towards safe and high-speed operations enabled by incorporating Vehicle Dynamics Control (VDC). The system consists of an AGV desired yaw rate generator based on a kinematic model, and a yaw rate controller based on the vehicle/tyre dynamic models. Sliding Mode Control (SMC) is used to handle the system uncertainties. The performance of the control system was evaluated by using a high-fidelity (experimentally validated) full-vehicle Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV) model provided by CarSim®. Compared with the results of position-error-based AGV control, significant performance improvement was observed.  2009 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	32	Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Autonomous ground vehicle,High-Speed operation,Trajectory tracking,VDC,Vehicle dynamics control
Two-level manufacturing system performance analyser	2009	International Journal of Production Research	Open queuing network is a commonly used analytical tool for modelling manufacturing systems. Parametric decomposition is a proven solution method for analysing open queuing networks and can estimate key performance measures such as work-in-process inventory, cycle time, and machine utilisation, fairly accurately. This paper presents a two-level hierarchical open queuing network model, which considers numerous features seen in a real manufacturing system including, machine set-up, material handling device setup (for example, loading and unloading operations), process as well as transfer batching, empty travel of the material handling device and machine or material handling device failures. The model first analyses a higher level open queuing network whose nodes are aggregations of a set of machines. The higher level network is solved via the parametric decomposition method and the results are then disaggregated to get lower level, e.g. machine specific, results. The motivation, algorithm and its relationship with the one-level model are discussed. Experimental results are provided to show that the two-level model provides comparable results with the one-level model in addition to its computational and managerial advantages. In addition, both are shown to provide better results than a recent method available in the literature that is based on the well-known queuing network analyser.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	7	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Manufacturing system performance analyser,Open queuing network
Implementing an integrated framework for internal logistics management in automated semiconductor manufacturing	2009	International Journal of Logistics Systems and Management	Nowadays, productivity and ergonomic reasons impose the use of Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHS) to transfer work-in-process within modern semiconductor factories. It is necessary to manage the AMHS to attain high throughput and short cycle times. Traditional simulation-based models considered the AMHS as an isolated system and do not provide formal modelling approaches necessary for its efficient reuse and management. This paper studies the implementation of a global modelling framework for the operational behaviour of wafer factories by using an efficient AMHS control policy. Copyright  2009, Inderscience Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Colombia	2	Management Information Systems,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Framework,Integrated modelling,Operational logistics,Semiconductor manufacturing,Simulation,Transportation systems
Linear programming and Lagrangian relaxation heuristics for designing a material flow network on a block layout	2009	International Journal of Production Research	This paper focuses on the problem of designing a material flow network for a given block layout. For an efficient design of a network, we simultaneously consider locations of input and output points, flow paths, and the smoothness of material flow paths. A mixed integer programming formulation is given for the problem with the objective of minimising the sum of transportation cost, cost related to flow paths, and penalty cost for non-smooth flows, i.e., flows with many turns. We suggest two heuristic algorithms based on the linear programming relaxation and the Lagrangian relaxation techniques. To evaluate performance of the suggested algorithms, a series of computational experiments is performed on well-known problem instances as well as randomly generated test problems. Results show that the suggested algorithms give good solutions in a reasonable amount of computation time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flow path,Heuristics,Layout planning,Material flow network design,Mixed integer program
Hedging production schedules against uncertainty in manufacturing environment with a review of robustness and stability research	2009	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	Scheduling is a decision-making process that is concerned with the allocation of limited resources to competing tasks (operations of jobs) over a time period with the goal of optimising one or more objectives. In theory, the objective is usually to optimise some classical system performance measures such as makespan, tardiness/earliness and flowtime under deterministic and static assumptions. In practice, however, scheduling systems operate in dynamic and stochastic environments. Hence, there is a need to incorporate both uncertainty and dynamic elements into the scheduling process. In this paper, the major issues involved in scheduling decisions are discussed and the basic approaches to tackle these problems in manufacturing environments are analysed. Proactive scheduling is then focused on and several robustness and stability measures are presented. Previous research on scheduling robustness and stability is also reviewed and further research directions are suggested.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	87	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Proactive,Robustness,Scheduling,Stability,Uncertainty
Tightly trapped acoustic phonons in photonic crystal fibres as highly nonlinear artificial Raman oscillators	2009	Nature Physics	Interactions between light and hypersonic waves can be enhanced by tight field confinement, as shown in periodically structured materials 1 , microcavities 2 , micromechanical resonators 3 and photonic crystal fibres 4-6 (PCFs). There are many examples of weak sound-light interactions, for example, guided acoustic-wave Brillouin scattering in conventional optical fibres 7 . This forward-scattering effect results from the interaction of core-guided light with acoustic resonances of the entire fibre cross-section, and is viewed as a noise source in quantum-optics experiments 8 . Here, we report the observation of strongly nonlinear forward scattering of laser light by gigahertz acoustic vibrations, tightly trapped together in the small core of a silica-air PCF. Bouncing to and fro across the core at close to 90° to the fibre axis, the acoustic waves form optical-phonon-like modes with a flat dispersion curve and a distinct cutoff frequency Ω a . This ensures automatic phase-matching to the guided optical mode so that, on pumping with a dual-frequency laser source tuned to Ω a , multiple optical side bands are generated, spaced by Ω a . The number of strong side bands in this Raman-like process increases with pump power. The results point to a new class of designable nonlinear optical device with applications in, for example, pulse synthesis, frequency comb generation for telecommunications and fibre laser mode-locking.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	201	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
The agent environment in multi-agent systems: A middleware perspective	2009	Multiagent and Grid Systems	Interaction is at the core of multi-agent systems. We use agent environment as a general term to denote the medium for agent interaction. Over the last years, the agent environment has been subject of active research. In this paper, we reflect on the role of the agent environment in multi-agent systems from a middleware perspective. Our study yields the following observations: (1) multi-agent system engineers consider distributed middleware (RMI, CORBA, etc.) as the basic platform for developing multi-agent systems, (2) common middleware services (security, persistency, etc.) are only minimally considered in multi-agent systems, (3) domain-specific middleware for multi-agent systems such as communication services and support for stigmergic coordination are typically developed as stand-alone services and as such difficult to compose with other services. From these observations, we derive a number of challenges for research on environments in multi-agent systems: (1) to amplify reuse, application-specific services should be further consolidated into domain-specific services, (2) the problem of integration must be tackled, i.e. horizontal integration among domain-specific services for multi-agent systems, and vertical integration of domain-specific services upwards with the agents, and downwards with the common middleware services and the underlying distributed platform, (3) to support dynamic changing requirements of the system at hand, flexible composition and dynamic adaptation of services must be supported by the agent environment.  2009 - IOS Press and the authors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	13	Computer Science (all)	Agent environment,Middleware,Multi-agent systems
Effect of block width and storage yard layout on marine container terminal performance	2009	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	Block widths ranging from two to fifteen rows in a marine container terminal are evaluated by a fully-integrated, discrete event simulation model. Experiments consider dozens of yard configurations and four container terminal settings that are designed to reproduce the microscopic, stochastic, real-time environment at a multiple-berth facility. Results show that the quay crane rate is concave with respect to block width when the yard storage capacity and amount of yard equipment is constant. The optimal block width ranges from 6 to 12 rows depending on the amount of equipment deployed and the size, shape, and throughput of the terminal.  2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	81	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Block width,Gross crane rate,Maritime shipping,Seaport container terminal,Simulation,Terminal design
Mobile robot navigation strategies oriented to goal achievement with local monocular data	2009	Robot Vision: Strategies, Algorithms and Motion Planning	2009 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.The research presented here integrates control science and robot vision knowledge in a computer science environment. The perception of the navigation environment is based on sensor systems that provide distance measurements in the vicinity of the robot. This essential task can be accomplished by different range systems such as ultrasonic sensors, laser rangefinders and vision-based systems. Among them, the computer vision-based system is one of the most attractive and useful sensing method. It presents some interesting aspects such like its falling down price and capacity of providing richer information than other traditional ranging devices. The monocular techniques considered are Depth from Focus (DFF) and Optical Flow (OF); the methodology presented exploits benefits from both approaches. Moreover odometer system information is locally considered in order to correlate the acquired frames. Among many objectives in the mobile robot navigation, it is very important to achieve the feasible and accurate trajectory planning. The navigation control signals should include the policy of obstacle avoidance, as well as the final desired coordinate achievement. These mobile robot navigation approaches propose the use of potential fields, and the use of model predictive control (MPC) on a short prediction horizon. Real Time MPC control laws are analyzed by considering several constraints. In this work, trajectory tracking is pursued by using real time mobile robot MPC implementations with monocular local vision sensing. This article will be organized as follows. First, it is presented the useful methodologies relevant to the present research work, especially on the mobile robot navigation based on computer vision, monocular 3D machine vision techniques and model-based control strategies. Experimental indoor results obtained with the available lab platform, consisting in a differential-driven robot with a free rotating wheel, are depicted. Then, it is presented the research developed and results obtained on the predictive model-based control by using an occupancy grid framework obtained by monocular perception techniques and odometer system data. Finally, conclusions are drawn and further research works are commented.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Spain	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
