Research of unidirectional Automated Guided Vehicles System based on simulation	2010	Proceedings - 2010 IEEE 17th International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management, IE and EM2010	This paper presents a research of unidirectional AGVS (automated Guided Vehicles System) with battery management in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) based on simulation. Although battery management is important for vehicle management, this problem is usually omitted in research. It is difficult to research the AGVS in FMS from using an analytic method. So in this paper, a parameterized simulation model of AGVS with battery management is built by using computer simulation. The result verified the reliability of the AGVS, and can be used in the future design.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles System,Battery management,Flexible manufacturing system,Simulation
Supporting the design of automated container terminals with the multiple worlds concept	2010	Spring Simulation Multiconference 2010, SpringSim'10	Automation in maritime container terminals is gaining momentum as the advantages in terms of productivity and costs have become apparent. Automated container terminals differ from manual ones by robotized vehicles transporting the containers instead of man-driven vehicles. The design of an automated container terminal remains a daunting task due to the large solution space. In previous work, we introduced the multiple worlds concept to support the design of complex systems. By applying the multiple worlds formalism on the case of automated container terminals, we are able to explore the large solution space in a structured way and have the ability to select the most robust design. In order to use the concept however, a specific component library has to be developed that can be used in a multiple worlds environment. This component library has different abstraction levels that can be used throughout the design process. During the design process, different alternatives are explored by going from a high abstracted model to a more concrete model. At the end of the design process, different concrete models are available. From these concrete models, a thorough selection can be made to finally maintain the most robust design. In this paper, the concept will be discussed and the component library will be presented.  2010 SCS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	3	Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Container terminal simulation,DEVS,Simulation based design
Dynamic vehicle allocation in automated material handling system	2010	Proceedings - 2010 IEEE 17th International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management, IE and EM2010	The Automated Materials Handling System (AMHS) in semiconductor industry is a significant to reduce the wafer cycle times and enhance the fab productivity. The determination of vehicle number, however, is challenging due to the complicated facility layout and the multiple reentries required in the manufacturing process. Previous research used to solve this problem based on the mathematical programming model, which does not take into account the highly variable and uncertain events in the process. In this research, we build a simulation model to account for the uncertainties existing in the manufacturing process. Furthermore, we propose a simulation optimization approach to solve the problem, i.e., to determine the optimal number of vehicles of the AMHS. An empirical study is conducted at the end to show the viability of the proposed method.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Materials Handling System (AMHS),Semiconductor manufacturing,Simulation optimization
Transport with automatic guided vehicles in the factory of the future	2010	Proceedings of the 15th IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA 2010	The project XPRESS introduces a completely new scalable concept of an expertonic networked factory, which is composed by a coordinated team of specialized autonomous entities (intelligent production units), each knowing how to do a certain process optimally. This paper looks in particular to the transport intelligent unit implementation, which is responsible for the transportation of components at the shop-floor. An architecture based in a multi-agent approach that uses automatic guided vehicle expertons to perform this task is suggested. Additionally, it is presented an implementation of the automatic guided vehicle transport intelligent unit that uses the .NET framework integrated with the expertonic framework. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	2	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Cooperative robotic teams for supervision and management of large logistic spaces: Methodology and applications	2010	Proceedings of the 15th IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA 2010	Robots and automated systems can be employed in the logistic field to efficiently perform common tasks like building and updating maps of indoor and outdoor logistic spaces, locating specific goods on the map, tracing the product flow in the area, while assuring the surveillance of the environment. This paper reports and discusses the already achieved results of the on-going research project MACP4Log (Mobile Autonomous and Cooperating robotic Platforms for supervision and monitoring of large LOGistic surfaces), aimed at the study and development of a prototype of a mobile robotic platform, with on-board vision systems and sensors, integrating a flexible wireless communication solution, able to move autonomously in large logistic spaces, and to communicate with a supervisor and other similar platforms in order to achieve a coordinated action to carry out specific tasks. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	2	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Modeling ring-barrier traffic controllers using colored timed stochastic Petri nets	2010	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	As one of the many techniques used in modeling traffic processes and systems, Petri Nets are recognized as a tool for modeling in traffic signal control. In this paper, ring-barrier traffic signal control structure is modeled using Petri Nets. Colored Timed Stochastic Petri Nets is used in this paper to provide additional modeling capabilities. The proposed model incorporates all the main features of ring-barrier structure and includes the modeling of left-turning vehicles. We also describe and discuss possible control structures, previously developed Petri Net models and implementation issues. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	7	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Development of a reconfigurable automatic guided vehicle platform with omnidirectional sensing capabilities	2010	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV) are being used more frequently in a manufacturing environment. Developing a platform that could be easily reconfigured is perhaps a more desirable option for a user with low capacity outputs. This research concentrates on an AGV and the development of the actuators and sensors, as well as the mounting of such for navigation and functionality, on such a vehicle.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Mosaic based flexible navigation for AGVs	2010	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	Highly flexible systems require that Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in a plant navigate autonomously and changes in their missions should not require difficult setup procedures. In this paper we address the problem of localization of a mobile robot in a indoor environment. The robot is able to find its position without any grounded wires, landmarks or laser beacons. The robot uses images acquired in the roof to compute its position and navigate between coordinates. The main contribution is the absence of external services to solve the AGV localization problem, allowing fast reconfiguration.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Integrating transportation scheduling with production scheduling for FMS: An agent-based approach	2010	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) are distinguished by their machine and routing flexibility. The existence of a large number of routing alternatives makes the integration of transportation scheduling with production (or machine) scheduling inevitable for achieving the required scheduling objectives. Conventional integration approaches lack the support for the dynamics of real FMS. In this paper, an agent-based approach for integrated scheduling under consideration of the dynamics of the FMS is proposed. Agents representing jobs and resources cooperate at different levels of abstraction to optimize the schedule from the different perspectives. The reaction to the dynamics of the environment is automated based on a disturbance handling method. In handling disturbances, efficiency and stability are taken into consideration. Based on the illustration of an application scenario, it is shown that this approach results in enhancing the resource utilization of the entire FMS as well as improving the required short-term and long-term flexibility.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
A distributed dynamics for webgraph decontamination	2010	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	In order to increase the visibility of a target pageT, web spammers createhyperlink structures called web bubbles, or link farms. As countermeasure, special mobile agents, called web marshals, are deployed in the detection and disassembling oflink farms. Interestingly, the process of minimizing the number of web marshals and the number of hops needed to dismantle a web bubble is analogous to the graph decontamination problem. A novel distributed algorithm for graph decontamination, which can be used to define the behavior of web marshals, is introduced in this work. The new algorithm is asynchronous and topology independent. Moreover, it presents equal or better performance and needs smaller numbers of web marshals when compared to recent related works targeting only circulant graphs, a typical structure of link farms.  2010 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	4	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	distributed algorithms,graph decontamination,link farm,scheduling by edge reversal,web bubble,web graph
A Simple Fuzzy Clustering Approach (SFCA) for supporting for short-range positioning	2010	MobiWac'10 - Proceedings of the 8th ACM International Symposium on Mobility Management and Wireless Access, Co-located with MSWiM'10	In this research we focus on developing positioning scheme based on short-range wireless signals. To achieve that, we develop a system assuming the availability of multiple fixed access points (5+) and employ Time-of-Arrival (ToA) with Kalman Filter. We also discuss multi/tri-lateration and evaluate some of the root causes for Dilution of Precision (DoP) of calculated positioning. In this article, we present a Simple Fuzzy Clustering Approach (SFCA) aimed at supporting short-range positioning. We use fixed calibrated 2.4 GHz access points. We use real-time observed data while applying our model off-line. We extended the model to mimic the 5.9 GHz Dedicated Short Range Communications (DSRC) signals as defined in IEEE 1609.x. Results are compared in each case and compared to accurately calibrated Differential Global Positioning System (DGPS) record captured on the same testing. We maintained clear Line-of-Sight (LoS) throughout our evaluation and used low speed of the moving vehicles (< 60 Km/h). We present two distinct alternatives to implementing the SFCA, we compare both and analyze.  2010 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Computer Networks and Communications	dsrc,mobile computing,network clustering,rap,short-range communication (dsrc),smart vehicle,vanet,vehicular communications,wifi
A heuristic algorithm for the integrated yard truck scheduling in container terminal with twin 40-foot quay crane	2010	2010 International Conference on Computer, Mechatronics, Control and Electronic Engineering, CMCE 2010	This paper discussed how to decide the yard truck (YT) fleet size and to allocate delivery jobs to YTs. A mixed-integer programming model was provided, which considering the operating property of twin 40-foot quay crane, and a heuristic algorithm for reducing the computational time was presented. A simulation study showed that the performance of the proposed algorithm has advantages over conventional dispatching rules.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Container terminal,Fleet sizing,Scheduling,Twin 40-foot quay crane,Yard truck
Performance evaluation of dynamic scheduling approaches in vehicle-based internal transport systems	2010	International Journal of Production Research	This paper studies the performance of static and dynamic scheduling approaches in vehicle-based internal transport (VBIT) systems and is one of the first to systematically investigate under which circumstances, which scheduling method helps in improving performance. In practice, usually myopic dispatching heuristics are used, often using look-ahead information. We argue more advanced scheduling methods can help, depending on circumstances. We introduce three basic scheduling approaches (insertion, combined and column generation) for the static problem. We then extend these to a dynamic, real-time setting with rolling horizons. We propose two further real-time scheduling approaches: dynamic assignment with and without look-ahead. The performances of the above five scheduling approaches are compared with two of the best performing look-ahead dispatching rules known from the literature. The performance of the various approaches depends on the facility layout and work distribution. However, column generation, the combined heuristic, and the assignment approach with look-ahead consistently outperform dispatching rules. Column generation can require substantial calculation time but delivers very good performance if sufficient look-ahead information is available. For large scale systems, the combined heuristic and the dynamic assignment approach with look ahead are recommended and have acceptable calculation times.  2010 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	10	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	dispatching,dynamic scheduling,material handling,vehicle-based internal transport
Fleet quickest routing on grids: A polynomial algorithm	2010	International Journal of Pure and Applied Mathematics	Determining the shortest path for a vehicle moving on a network is easy. If more vehicles share the same network resources and we want vehicles to reach their destinations as soon as possible, moving on shortest paths might not be the optimal solution. In fact, conflicts may arise, requiring some vehicles to stay idle at some point of the shortest path: choosing an appropriate schedule on different paths may be quicker. The problem of finding the best set of conflict-free paths and schedule arises in many contexts: the coordination of automated guided vehicles, the management of airport groundside traffic, etc. After defining the general problem and proving its NP-hardness, we give a polynomial optimal dispatching algorithm for grids.  2010 Academic Publications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	2	Mathematics (all),Applied Mathematics	Conflict management,Exact dispatching algorithms,Fleet routing,Quickest paths
Performance of high-level and low-level control for coordination of mobile robots	2010	ICINCO 2010 - Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics	We analyze performance of different strategies for coordinated control of mobile robots. By considering an environment of a distribution center, the robots should transport goods from place A to place B while maintaining the desired formation and avoiding collisions. We evaluate performance of two collision avoidance strategies, namely a high-level and low-level collision avoidance approach, each using different feedback information and update rate. As performance measure we take into account the time to accomplish the transportation task and the tracking errors of the robots. Evaluation is done in several experiments with seven mobile robots.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	Collision avoidance,Coordinated control,High-level and low-level control,Non-holonomic systems,Performance evaluation
Performance evaluation of the primitive mobility execution of an automated guided vehicle within the mobility open architecture simulation and tools environment	2010	WMSCI 2010 - The 14th World Multi-Conference on Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics, Proceedings	This paper describes the role of the Primitive Mobility (PrimMob) module within the Mobility Open Architecture Simulation and Tools(MOAST) environment. Descriptions are given of several alternative implementations of the module motivated by a desire to make MOAST more usable for an industrial Automated Guided Vehicle(AGV). A series of performance metrics is described as a series of tests that allow those performance metrics to be determined. Tools added to MOAST in 2009-2010 that greatly ease recording and visualization of these performance metrics are also described.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Automated Guided Vehicles(AGV),Data-Collection,MOAST
Mathematical programming approach to optimize material flow in an AGV-based flexible jobshop manufacturing system with performance analysis	2010	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	An automated manufacturing system (AMS) is a complex network of processing, inspecting, and buffering nodes connected by system of transportation mechanisms. For an AMS, it is desirable to be capable to increase or decrease the output with the rise and fall of demand. Such specifications show the complexity of decision making in the field of AMSs and the need for concise and accurate modeling methods. Therefore, in this paper, a flexible jobshop automated manufacturing system is proposed to optimize the material flow. The flexibility is on the multi-shops of the same type and also multiple products that can be produced. An automated guided vehicle is applied for material handling. The objective is to optimize the material flow regarding the demand fluctuations and machine specifications. An illustrative example is presented to test the validity of the proposed mathematical model.  2010 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Automated manufacturing system (AMS),Flexible jobshop,Material flow
Can ant algorithms make automated guided vehicle system more intelligent? A viewpoint from manufacturing environment	2010	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	In manufacturing environment, an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system is composed of a set of driver-less vehicles that transport goods and materials between distinct workstations and storage locations of shops. In soft computing area, ant algorithms are a series of population-based approaches inspired by various behaviors of real ant colonies. During the last two decades, ant algorithms have achieved a great success in solving many combinatorial optimization problems. In this article we make an attempt to study the feasibility of applying ant algorithms to different problems encountered in AGV system design and control. By making use of ant algorithms' strengths, we hope to provide the readers with alternative options for solving conventional AGV system design and control problems, as well as to point out some new directions for AGV system research. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	10	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Ant algorithms,Automated guided vehicle,Cooperative transportation,Dispatching,Guide path,Loading unit,Mobile ad hoc network,Routing,Traffic control
Experimental study on the flow and particle transport induced by the interaction between down wash air flow and moving object in mini-environments	2010	ASHRAE Transactions	In this study, we experimentally investigate the flow field and particle transport induced by the interaction between the downwash air flow and moving object in a mini-environment having perforated-floor with different porosities. The flow visualization shows that a vertical flow in the rear side of the moving object is formed due to the interaction between air flow, moving object, and rebounded flow from the porous perforated-floor. The effect of the resultant flow on the particle behavior is examined under the cases of with and without a particle source in the mini-environment. The measured results indicate that particle numbers collected from the top and rear sides of the moving object increase with the increase of moving object velocity for the no particle source case. For the flow field with particle source case, the measured results show that particle numbers collected from the top and rear sides of the moving object decrease with the increase of moving object velocity. Because higher amount of particle can be carried away through the high porosity perforated-floor, the measured particle collection results indicate that lower particles were collected when higher porosity perforated-floor were used for both with and without particle source. 2010 ASHRAE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Building and Construction,Mechanical Engineering	None
Time-optimal dynamic path inversion for an automatic guided vehicle	2010	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	The article presents the time-optimal trajectory planning of an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) on a given feasible path while respecting velocity, acceleration and jerk constraints. A theoretical result shows the connection for the AGV between the geometric continuity of its paths and the smoothness of its control inputs (linear velocity and steering angle of the AGV motor wheel). The solution hence proposed for the optimal planning is based on a dynamic path inversion algorithm for which first the optimal velocity profile is determined and then the optimal steering signal is derived from a geometrical construction. A set of sufficient conditions for the feasibility of the velocity planning is devised and the practical computation of the optimal velocity profile uses time-discretization and linear programming. A worked example using η3-splines illustrates the method. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	Automatic guided vehicles,Constrained velocity planning,Dynamic path inversion,Feedforward control,Minimum-time control,Time-optimal trajectory planning
Makespan minimization of machines and Automated Guided Vehicles schedule using Binary Particle Swarm Optimization	2010	Proceedings of the International MultiConference of Engineers and Computer Scientists 2010, IMECS 2010	An efficient and optimized Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) operation plays a critical role in improving the performance of a Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). Among the main elements in the implementation of AGV is task scheduling. This is due to the fact that efficient scheduling would enable the increment of productivity and reducing delivery cost whilst optimally utilizes the entire fleet. In this research, Binary Particle Swarm Optimization (BPSO) is used to optimize simultaneous machines and AGVs scheduling process with makespan minimization function. It is proven that the method is capable to provide better solution compared to others.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Automated Guided Vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system,Particle swarm optimization
Implementation test model of torque control for automatic guided vehicle	2010	ICCAS 2010 - International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	This paper describes how to develop a torque control algorithm for automatic guided vehicle (AGV). Also, this paper describes a prototype machine which the method is implemented into. The prototype machine used in this paper is a wheel type robot with the H8 microcomputer. This paper points out that the proposed algorithm is helpful in terms of implementation experiments. ICROS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Implementation experiments,Torque control
Scheduling ship operations in automated container terminals	2010	40th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering: Soft Computing Techniques for Advanced Manufacturing and Service Systems, CIE40 2010	For the efficient operation of automated container terminals, it is essential to synchronize all the operations of quay cranes, automated guided vehicles, and automated yard cranes. This study addresses a look-ahead scheduling of ship operations for synchronizing all the operations using different handling equipment. We have analyzed various precedence relationships among the different equipment operations. The precedence relationships are represented in graphical forms that were used to find the critical handling tasks, whose schedules must be changed to improve the productivity of ship operations. An improvement algorithm for the constructed schedule is suggested based on a simple neighborhood search. This scheduling method was evaluated using a simulation study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Software	Automated guided vehicle,Container terminal,PERT/CPM,Scheduling
Dynamic optimization of simultaneous dispatching and conflict-free routing for automated guided vehicles-Petri Net decomposition approach-*	2010	Journal of Advanced Mechanical Design, Systems and Manufacturing	In this paper, we propose an application of Petri Net decomposition approach for the simultaneous optimization of dispatching and conflict-free routing for automated guided vehicles in the dynamic situation where transport requests are given in real time. The objective is to maximize the total throughput of the AGV transport system during the time horizon. In order to solve the dynamic problem, static problems are periodically solved when the transport requests are given to the AGV system. The dispatching and conflict-free routing are simultaneously optimized by the Petri Net decomposition approach. In the proposed method, the Petri Net is decomposed into several subnets for task subproblems and AGV subproblems that can be solved by the shortest path algorithm on the reachability graph. The local solutions for the subnets are coordinated by a penalty function algorithm. To ensure the generation of conflict-free routing, a new deadlock avoidance strategy is incorporated in the optimization algorithm. The effects of simultaneous optimization of dispatching and conflict-free routing are investigated for routing problems in dynamic environments. Copyright  2010 by JSME.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	19	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Conflict-free routing,Decomposition,Petri Nets
Comparison of routing methods for AGVs	2010	Proceedings of the 2009 Huntsville Simulation Conference, HSC 2009	Routing of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) is the process of determining routes for a set of AGVs to fulfill their respective transportation jobs. Routing has a relatively large impact on the productivity and flexibility of AGV systems. In most existing systems, AGVs use a map of predefined, fixed paths that are combined to obtain routes. However, theoretically free ranging capabilities of AGVs allows them to use the entire traveling area. The purpose of this research is to compare different routing strategics with the use of simulation. The specific context of this work will be the transport of containers between stack and quay cranes (and vice versa) on an automated container terminal. This paper presents a generic framework for the comparison of routing methods. Assessment of the quality of an automated container terminal needs a large number of performance indicators. These are all measured during simulation. The main performance indicator is the number of completed transport jobs per hour. For a given configuration this will indicate the capacity of that terminal with the chosen routing method. Results of the comparison between some routing methods will be presented in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Modeling and Simulation	Automated guided vehicle systems,Discrete event simulation,Dynamic routing
Conflict-free automated guided vehicles routing based on time window	2010	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To solve conflict-free path planning problem for the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) in flexible manufacturing system, by combining advantages of pre-planning algorithm and real-time planning algorithm, a conflict-free AGV routing based on performance-based structural policy was proposed, in which Dijkstra algorithm and time window principle were combined. Every AGV path was scheduled in order. Based on the planned AGV paths, conflict-free routing was achieved by employing the Dijkstra algorithm in the next AGV routing. This algorithm effectively avoided deadlocks and guaranteed optimal path. It responded to new assignment rapidly with better flexibility in dynamic environment. Finally, the algorithm was performed with practical case, which proved to have better robustness, flexibility and efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Conflict-free,Flexible manufacturing system,Routing,Time window
Deadlock control software for tow automated guided vehicles using Petri Nets	2010	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	Factoring and warehouse distribution centers face numerous and interrelated challenges in their efforts to move products and materials through their facilities. New technologies in navigation and guidance allow true autonomy with more flexibility and resource efficiency. In this paper we investigate a complete design approach to obtain deadlock-free minimal adaptive routing algorithms for these systems. The approach is based in an abstract view of the system as a Resource Allocation System. The interconnection network and the routing algorithm elaborated by the designer, are the initial information used to obtain in an automatic way a Petri Net model. For this kind of routing algorithms, we prove that the obtained Petri Net belongs to the well-known class of S4PR net systems, and therefore the rich set of analysis and synthesis results can be applied to enforce the live ness property of the routing algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Computer Science (all)	AGVs,Control software,Modular models,Resource allocation systems (RAS),Structural analysis
Modeling and control of the AGV system in an automated container terminal	2010	Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Modelling, Identification and Control	We study a modeling and traffic control problem of the automated guided vehicle (AGV) system in a container terminal. The workspace of the vehicles (straddle carriers) is modeled as a road network composed of of lanes, crosses and depots. The container transport task for each vehicle is abstracted as a finite sequence of zones to be traversed by a vehicle, starting at the initial zone of the vehicle and ending with some depot. A set of traffic rules is proposed to ensure the completion of all jobs with the absence of vehicle deadlocks and collisions. The traffic rules are very simple and real-time implementable. Moreover, these rules can be realized almost distributedly requiring little intervention from a central controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Deadlock avoidance,Distributed algorithm,Modeling,Traffic control
Petri Net decomposition for deadlock avoidance routing for bi-directional AGV systems	2010	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	In this paper, we propose a Petri Net decomposition approach for dynamic dispatching and routing for bi-directional AGV systems. For dynamic dispatching and routing, the static problem to determine an optimal firing sequence problem for Petri Net is solved repeatedly. A Petri Net decomposition approach is applied to solve the optimal firing sequence problem efficiently. In the decomposition algorithm, the entire Petri Net is decomposed into task subnets and AGV subnets. The penalty function algorithm is used to coordinate the solution of each subnet. A deadlock avoidance policy for bi-directional lane is used to ensure the generation of conOict-free routing. Computational results show the effectiveness of the proposed Petri Net decomposition approach with deadlock avoidance policy for dynamic situations. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	AGV routing,Deadlock avoidance,Decomposition,Optimization,Petri nets
Event sequence reconstruction in automated guided vehicle systems	2010	Proceedings of 2010 IEEE International Conference on Vehicular Electronics and Safety, ICVES 2010	This paper addresses the problem of reconstructing the event sequences in an automated guided vehicle system (AGVs) that is modeled as a Petri net. We assume that every location of vehicles in the AGVs (i.e., each place in the net) is equipped with a sensor that is able to detect the presence of vehicles. Furthermore, the observation of each sensor is asynchronous and each sensor only knows the ordering of its local observations due to the lack of global time. Our goal is to reconstruct the movement trajectories (transition firing sequences) of vehicles based on these asynchronous sensor observations. We develop an algorithm that is able to obtain these event sequences that are consistent with both sensor observations and the Petri net structure.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	asynchronous sensor observations,Petri nets,state machine,transition firing sequences
Research on RFID and vision-based AGV navigation	2010	Advanced Materials Research	In order to implement vision-based navigation of AGV (Automated guided vehicle) with complex path, a method incorporating RFID (radio frequency identification) technology with image processing technology is proposed, in which RFID technology is used to recognize nodes and image processing technology is used to detect path. Straight line path is detected by Hough transform in case that AGV runs straightly, while curve path is detected by line scanning in case that AGV turns right and left. Experiment results show that, with the method presented in this paper, the navigation of path tracking for AGV is implemented well.  (2010) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Path recognition,Radio frequency identification,Vision navigation
A fuzzy logic-based and hybrid dispatching policy for interbay material handling system in 300mm semiconductor manufacturing system	2010	SCMIS 2010 - Proceedings of 2010 8th International Conference on Supply Chain Management and Information Systems: Logistics Systems and Engineering	To obtain better comprehensive performances of the interbay material handling systems and 300mm semiconductor manufacturing systems (SMSs), a novel fuzzy logical-based and hybrid (FLM) dispatching policy is proposed, in which the system parameters including vehicle's distance, lot's due date, lot's waiting time and lot's critical feature parameter are considered simultaneously, and the weight coefficients of these system parameters are adjusted adaptively by Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy logic method. With experimental data from an interbay system of 300mm SMSs, it is demonstrated that the proposed approach has better comprehensive performances when compare with conventional dispatching methodologies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	Fuzzy logic,Interbay material handling system,Semiconductor manufacturing system,Vehicle dispatching
Swarm intelligence in cellular manufacturing: Application of hybrid ant system to manufacturing cell machine layout problem	2010	2010 World Automation Congress, WAC 2010	This paper analyzes the intra-cell machine re-layout (ICMRL) problem in the context of cellular manufacturing (CM). The proposed method for ICMRL has two phases. First phase consists of a general cell formation procedure in which the initial machine layout is obtained. In the second phase, we formulate ICMRL as a quadratic assignment problem model. Then an ant inspired swarm intelligence approach is used to develop a set of better solution. Since the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are commonly used to transport materials between manufacturing cells, the impact of their guide path characteristics on the final machine layout plan is also considered to find an optimal solution.  2010 TSI Press.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Cellular manufacturing,Hybrid ant system,Intra-cell machine re-layout,Quadratic assignment problem,Swarm intelligence
Pallet recognition and driving method for pallet- engaging of unmanned autonomous forklift	2010	Proceedings of the 15th International Symposium on Artificial Life and Robotics, AROB 15th'10	This paper present error minimization using angular histogram for engaging pallet of forklift AGV(autonomous guided vehicle). Existing pallet recognition methods using LRF(laser range finder) have used various linearization methods for error minimization of LRF. However, to apply forklift AGV which need near real-time control, those methods need large amount of operation. Hence we studied error minimization of LRF using angular histogram to search suited linearization for forklift AGV. For experiment, we attach LRF on forklift AGV that we made ourselves, and recognize pallet. In result, we verified that average recognized angle error of pallet is within 1.2° when pallet is placed on far at 2m, 3m from forklift AGV.  2010 ISAROB.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction	AGV,Angular histogram,Engaging,Forklift,LRF,Pallet
Dynamic task assignment of autonomous AGV system based on multi agent architecture	2010	Proceedings of the 2010 IEEE International Conference on Progress in Informatics and Computing, PIC 2010	Increasing number of worldwide researchers and practitioners within manufacturing industry had recognized the need for an organization to implement distributed manufacturing system to be flexible and adaptable to a more demanding and fluctuating market. This paper proposes distributed architecture to control Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) operation in manufacturing industry based on multi- agent system (MAS). System and agent architectures had been designed to enable control the material handling activities. All agents are equipped with decision making capability to plan and execute their responsibilities autonomously or collectively when needed. Additionally, improvement had been made to FIPA Contract Net Protocol (CNP) to support dynamic attributes of AGV task assignment mechanism. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	Automated guided vehicle,Contract net protocol,Distributed artificial intelligence,Multi agent system
Development of a robotic navigator to assist the farmer in field	2010	Proceedings of the International MultiConference of Engineers and Computer Scientists 2010, IMECS 2010	This paper reports on development of a robotic navigator, "Robo Kisan", developed to assist the farmer in the crop field and show the complete function of the sensor for crop disease detection. This robotic navigator equipped with sensors for automatic mobility in the crop field is developed in two folds: Hardware design and Software design. A short description of the sensor for crop disease detection along with the navigator hardware and software are described in detail. The goal of the present design of the navigator is to make it carry sensors and other tools as per requirement to help the farmer in detecting the disease and other repetitive jobs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	4	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Agriculture,Disease detection,Microcontroller,Navigator,Robot,Software platform
Generic data types for planning and control in intermodal freight transshipment applications	2010	11th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2010	Planning and control environments for automated guided vehicles are predominantly dedicated to specialized vehicles, e.g. special carriers used in harbor areas for the transport of containers between quays and stackyards. The environment is completely different for commercial standard vehicles when operated under automated guidance. Typically, these are articulated vehicles with a high degree of variability, particularly with respect to their geometric and kinematic properties. Adaptivity requirements have to be taken into account and lead to the design and development of data types with a high degree of genericity. How planning and control depend upon those data types is explained in the broader scope of a new intermodal role-on, roll-off traffic concept which is currently under research. Furthermore, the data types play a central role in the validation process to achieve the legal approval for the automated guided traffic of standard commercial vehicles. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	Adaption to environmental requirements,High precision motion control,Safe trajectory planning
Robo Kisan- a helping hand to the farmer	2010	Proceedings of the International MultiConference of Engineers and Computer Scientists 2010, IMECS 2010	Industrial revolution no doubt is adding a lot to the human life but at the same time it is polluting the atmosphere as well. Agricultural industries are no exception. In order to crack the demand and supply gap, it became essential to minimize the losses on the farm and increase the yield; various control strategies, which include chemical applications, have been developed and are in practice. But the use of these chemicals & pesticides are endangering the environment by polluting the atmosphere. Now this pollution has started giving health hazards which has to be taken urgent care. Hence there is increasing pressure to reduce the use of pesticides in modern crop production to decrease the environmental impact of current practice and to lower the production costs. It is therefore imperative that chemical sprays are only applied when and where needed. Since diseases in field are frequently patchy, chemicals may be avoided from being applied unnecessarily to disease-free areas. Main object of present research is automation of the early detection of grape plant disease and assist the farmer by giving the information regarding targeted application of the required medicine to protect and care their infected plants from diseases. At present the prevalent practice of detection is by human eyes which have its limitations because there are many microscopic disease symptoms beyond visual observations. Due to limited visual nature of the plant monitoring task, computer vision techniques seem to be well adapted. An automated machine/ robot can send the information by voice/computer message or automatically apply the required chemicals at target point. In view of the above the present research was conducted and a robotic farm assistant carrying a SENSOR capable of detecting downy mildew disease and recommending proper chemical dose has been developed. This robot has been developed in two folds: 1. an automatic navigator the "Robo Kisan" equipped with sensors for automatic mobility in the grape field and 2. a sensor for detecting the downy mildew disease.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Disease detection,Downy mildew,Farm helper,Navigator,Robot
Towards evaluating world modeling for autonomous navigation in unstructured and dynamic environments	2010	Performance Metrics for Intelligent Systems (PerMIS) Workshop	With funding from the Commerce Department's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Measurement Science and Engineering Research Grants, the authors have recently embarked on a three year project to create and experimentally validate a framework by which automated guided vehicles (AGVs) can automatically generate a sufficiently accurate internal map (world model) of its surroundings. The work presented in this paper discusses challenges involved and reports on a possible extension to a previously-developed mapping technique in evaluating world models of such dynamic and unstructured environments. The paper also reports on the authors' views in bringing together the community to collectively address this problem from end-users', vendors' and developers' points of view.  2010 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicles,benchmarking,evaluation,factory floors,forklifts,manufacturing,robot mapping and navigation,warehouses,world modeling
A study on real-time scheduling for autonomous distributed manufacturing systems	2010	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	A real-time scheduling method considering human operators is proposed to select suitable combinations of human operators, manufacturing equipment and jobs for autonomous distributed manufacturing systems. The proposed scheduling method consists of three steps. In the first step, the human operators select their favorite manufacturing processes which they will carry out in the next time period, based on their preferences. In the second step, the machine tools and the jobs select suitable combinations for the next machining processes. In the third step, the automated guided vehicles and the jobs select suitable combinations for the next transportation processes. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Autonomous distributed manufacturing systems,Human operators,Real-time scheduling
The machine layout within a TFT-LCD bay with an in-line stocker system and an RGV system	2010	40th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering: Soft Computing Techniques for Advanced Manufacturing and Service Systems, CIE40 2010	There are many factors that can affect a TFT-LCD (Thin-Film-Transistor Liquid-Crystal-Display) plant's material flow efficiency. Among them, a TFT-LCD plant's intra-bay machine layout is a critical one. The way that material flow is handled in a TFT-LCD bay is different from that in a semiconductor bay due to the difference between their automated material handling systems. For example, a stocker in a semiconductor fab is located at a bay's end and only has the storage function. However, a stocker in a TFT-LCD plant can extend all the way into the bay it belongs to. A TFT-LCD stocker has not only the storage function, but also the transportation function. This type of stocker is referred to as in-line stocker. Furthermore, for the purpose of improving transportation reliability, some TFT-LCD plants also have RGVs (Rail Guided Vehicles) to assist in-line stockers in transporting glass panels. Because of the unique combination of the in-line stocker and RGVs, the machine layout problem within a TFT-LCD bay will be different that within a semiconductor bay or a TFT-LCD bay with only the in-line stocker. In this paper, we propose a layout method for the machine layout problem within a TFT-LCD bay. The objective is to minimize the total flow distance and at the same time balance the workload of stocker cranes in the in-line stocker. An example problem will be solved to illustrate the proposed method. The result of our study shows that the proposed method is able to design feasible and good-quality machine layouts within a TFT-LCD bay.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Software	In-line stocker,Machine layout,Rail guided vehicle,TFT-LCD bay
Design and implementation of a mobile multihop WSN for AGV system	2010	International Journal of Digital Multimedia Broadcasting	A system data sharing protocol of mobile WSN named synchronous dynamic multihop data sharing protocol (S-DMDS) is presented for automated guided vehicle (AGV) system. It is a cross-layer protocol designed from route layer to MAC layer. By adopting a concept of system data sharing, it is possible to make each node exchange the data timely with all the other nodes. It is also a topology-agnostic protocol which has no knowledge of neighbors, routes, or next hops. From the results of the 16-nodes simulation, S-DMDS protocol is proved to be efficient exchange data timely between the devices of AGV system in mobile multihop situation. Moreover, it also shows that S-DMDS significantly outperforms NST-AODV with investing about 41.6 system sharing delay as well as 80 RAM consumption. At last, 5-node experiment indicates that S-DMDS can work well in real environment. Copyright  2010 Jiaqi Zhang, et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Communication,Media Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Urban vehicle platoon using monocular vision: Scale factor estimation	2010	11th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2010	Environment, sustainable development as well as new transportation service emergence in urban areas are major concerns. Consequently, studies are currently intended to automate electric vehicles designed for applications in free access. An additional functionality that appears very attractive is vehicle platooning. In order to avoid oscillations within the fleet when completing this task, a global control strategy, supported by inter-vehicle communications, is investigated. Vehicle absolute localization is then needed and is here derived from monocular vision. These data are however expressed in a virtual vision world, slightly distorted with respect to the actual metric one. It has previously been shown that such a distortion can accurately be corrected on-line in different ways, considering telemetric or odometric data. These strategies have here been refined in order to provide optimal corrections. A comparative study, supported by simulations and full-scale experiments, is reported to exhibit benefits and performances of proposed approaches.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	3	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles,Monocular vision,Nonlinear control,Platooning,Urban vehicles
Accurate platoon control of urban vehicles, based solely on monocular vision	2010	IEEE/RSJ 2010 International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS 2010 - Conference Proceedings	Automated electric vehicles for public use constitute a promising very efficient and environment-friendly "urban transportation system". An additional functionality that could enhance this transportation service is vehicle platooning. In order to avoid inter-distance oscillations within the platoon, a global control strategy, supported by inter-vehicle communications, is investigated. Vehicle localization in an absolute frame is needed and is derived here from monocular vision. The vision data is however expressed in a virtual world, slightly distorted with respect to the actual metric one. It is shown that such a distortion can accurately be corrected by designing a nonlinear observer that relies on odometric data. A global decentralized control strategy, relying on nonlinear control techniques, can then be designed to achieve accurate vehicle platooning. Simulations and full-scale experiments demonstrate the performance of the proposed approach. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	4	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles,Monocular vision,Nonlinear control,Observer,Platooning,Urban vehicles
Establish of coal production logistics simulation system base on WITNESS	2010	Proceedings - International Conference on Electrical and Control Engineering, ICECE 2010	This paper will use the WITNESS simulation software to conduct systematic research on the production logistics of coal enterprises, which is able to save the costs and time at utmost. Through the dynamic running of the system, we could make out the bottlenecks in production logistics very quickly and make sure the balance of each node. Through the WITNESS optimization module, we could optimize the system parameters of each node in a given context to ensure the whole production logistics system being optimized.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Coal production,Logistics,Simulation optimize,Witness
Line following robot for library inventory management system	2010	International Conference on "Emerging Trends in Robotics and Communication Technologies", INTERACT-2010	This paper demonstrates the application of Line Following Robot (LFR) for library inventory management system (LIMS). A line following robot is designed using sensor operated motors to keep track the line path predetermined for library book shelf arrangements. The robot carries a barcode reader which collects the barcode data from the books arranged in a vertical manner and compares the decoded barcode data with the search input. If the robot reaches the book which is to be found out, then the robot gives location of the book to the librarian or the person visiting the library, in which the robot is used for searching purpose. In case of any hindrance faced by the robot when it does the searching process, the robot halts and sends an alarm. Misplaced books can be rearranged using the pre-programmed data in the robot which helps to maintain the books in an order. This helps and simplifies the job of arranging the books and also reduces the manual routine work done by the library staff.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	18	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Communication	None
A data frame format for interchanging glass information between TFT-LCD production devices using XML	2010	ICCAS 2010 - International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	Currently, TFT-LCD (Thin Film Transistor - Liquid Crystal Display) manufacturing processes have difficulties in the system design and setup because the data structure of each device to transfer data is different depending on the equipment manufacturer. In this paper, we propose the standard data frame format used in TFT-LCD manufacturing system and applied XML (eXtended Markup Language) to manufacturing process for information integration. As a result, time and effort of setup and operation in TFT-LCD manufacturing system is reduced. Ultimately, cost reduction is expected as its effect. ICROS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	Manufacturing systems,Systems integration,TFT-LCD,XML
A strategy of production scheduling with the fitness function of genetic algorithm using Timed Petri net and considering AGV and the input buffer	2010	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	Scheduling of machines and AGVs in Flexible Manufacturing Systems involves modeling and searching methodology in a wide solution space. In this work the search for scheduling occurs by genetic algorithm and simple AGV dispatching rules. Modeling occurs in Timed Petri nets in time of fitness evaluation, considering the input buffers of machines, AGVs, and flags also control the use of these buffers, which avoids deadlock. We consider the input buffer of the machines as being of size 1 and allowed to advance transport using them, seeking to optimize the minimum makespan. The proposal was tested in two scenarios of FMS and validated by comparing its results with two others obtained by techniques based on genetic algorithm and adaptive genetic algorithm.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems,Genetic algorithms,Petri nets,Production scheduling
Digital circuit simulation of a discrete system	2010	Proceedings - International Conference on Electrical and Control Engineering, ICECE 2010	In order to seek a new simulation modeling method of container terminal systems and to overcome some shortcomings of the existing methods, a digital logical circuit simulation model of unloading operation was build for simulating the working condition of container handling equipments and logic events by software Electronics Workbench5.0. Simulation results show that the model can accurately reflect actual unloading operation and that it's feasible to simulate discrete systems by digital circuit simulation software. Then, an implementation method for container terminal systems' simulation using Hardware Design Language (HDL) was proposed. This study contributes to reducing differences among system simulation experiments, reality system and automatic control design of terminal systems, and Hardware/Software Co-design of terminal systems.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Circuits and systems,Discrete event dynamic systems,Modeling,Simulation
Application of hierarchical colored Petri net in distributed manufacturing network	2010	IEEM2010 - IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	Colored Petri net (CPN) is a powerful tool for modeling, simulation and analysis for manufacturing system. As the emergency of Distributed Manufacturing System (DMS), CPN has to be extended to competent for larger and more complex model. Meanwhile, DMS becomes an important issue for industry and how to model a complex manufacturing network for better throughout needs further investigation. This paper provides a general structure of DMS, and use hierarchical CPN, which is the extension for normal CPN, to model a simplified DMS. The proposed approach shows huge superiority on modeling large complex manufacturing system which makes the material flow and transitions clearly represented and provides overview and detailed description for DMS. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	CPN tools,Distributed manufacturing system,Hierarchical colored Petri net
Fiducial marker indoor localization with Artificial Neural Network	2010	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	A vision based positioning system could be categorized into two groups. One analyzes an environment's scenery by matching the inputs with imaginary database to find the optimum result. The other uses fiduciary markers. In proposed method, the system uses fiduciary markers with a capital alphabet in it. When the known size fiduciary marker is captured by a camera, by using homography transformation, the 6-DOF camera pose with respect to the marker's local coordinate can be calculated. To recognize the character in the marker, Artificial Neural Network (ANN) with backpropagation training method is used. 12 unique features of a character are defined and used as inputs of ANN. Since more than 95% recognition rate is achieved in testing phase, the Optical Character Recognition (OCR) with ANN could be used as a marker detection method. The localization experimental result with the fiduciary marker shows that the proposed method could be a solution for indoor localization.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
PISALA project. Intelligent sensorization for line tracking with artificial vision	2010	Joint 41st International Symposium on Robotics and 6th German Conference on Robotics 2010, ISR/ROBOTIK 2010	This paper presents an artificial vision embedded solution for detecting painted lines on the floor, in the context of the Research Project PISALA (Industrial Prototype for Automatic Line Tracking with Artificial Vision), whose main objective is to provide vision-based solutions for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). In addition the paper proposes a procedure for evaluating robustness and accuracy of line-detection algorithms including qualitative and quantitative tests for detecting specific situations such as images with multiple lines or lines with spurious objects, lines with different colors, etc. The paper also considers the algorithm's sensibility with respect to extrinsic camera calibration errors, in order to define the bounds of the detection area. As a result, low cost robust algorithms for line detection can be evaluated. The examples for validation have been implemented on the embedded vision system CMUCAM3.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	8	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Localization of an omnidirectional transport robot using IEEE 802.15.4a ranging and laser range finder	2010	IEEE/RSJ 2010 International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS 2010 - Conference Proceedings	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used in warehouses, distribution centers and manufacturing plants in order to automate the internal material flow. Usually AGVs are designed to transport large and heavy transport units such as Euro-pallets or mesh pallets. Just-in-time inventory management and lean production requires small transportation units to enable one-piece-flow. Furthermore short production cycles require a flexible material flow which can not be fulfilled by continuous material handling devices like belt or roll conveyors. A solution to meet these demands are small mobile robots for material transport which can replace conventional conveyor systems or large AGVs. The paper presents localization and tracking of an omnidirectional mobile robot equipped with Mecanum wheels, which was designed to transport Euro-bins in a distribution center or warehouse. Localization is realized by sensor fusion of range measurements obtained from an IEEE 802.15.4a network and laser range finders. The IEEE 802.15.4a network is used for communication as well as for global localization. Laser range finders are used to detect landmarks and to provide accurate positioning for docking maneuvers. The range measurements are fused in a Monte Carlo Particle Filter. The paper develops a new motion model for an omnidirectional robot as well as a sensor model for IEEE 802.15.4a range measurements. The experimental results presented in the paper show the effectiveness of the developed models. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	31	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Evaluating the performance of a complex power and free conveyor system in a flexible manufacturing environment	2010	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	This paper describes the methodology, challenges and findings from a simulation modeling and analysis project dealing with the study of a complex power & free transportation system in a flexible manufacturing environment. The system under consideration transports six car body types through different stages of the production lifecycle (including body, paint and assembly). As production levels and product mix change, the interactions between different system parameters become too complex to analyze analytically. A simulation study was undertaken to identify bottlenecks and determine/improve the capacity of the P&F system at peak demand while validating various routing rules at key decision points. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	3	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Particle filter based sensor fusion of range measurements from wireless sensor network and laser range finder	2010	Joint 41st International Symposium on Robotics and 6th German Conference on Robotics 2010, ISR/ROBOTIK 2010	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used in warehouses, distribution centers and manufacturing plants in order to automate the internal material flow. Usually AGVs are designed to transport large and heavy transport units such as Euro-pallets or mesh pallets. Just-in-time inventory management and lean production requires small transportation units. Furthermore short production cycles requires a flexible material flow which can not be fulfilled by continuous material handling devices like belt or roll conveyors. A solution to meet these demands are small mobile robots for material transport which can replace conventional conveyor systems or large AGVs. The paper presents localization and tracking of an omnidirectional mobile robot which is designed to transport Euro-bins in a distribution center or warehouse. Localization is realized by sensor fusion of range measurements obtained from an IEEE 802.15.4a network and a laser range finder. The laser range finder is used to detect landmarks and to provide accurate positioning for docking maneuvers. The range measurements are fused in a Monte Carlo Particlefilter. The paper presents the structure of the Particlefilter as well as experimental results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Autonomous distributed AGV system based on taxi transportation strategy: Effect of multiple-load AGVs on conveyance efficiency	2010	ASME 2010 International Manufacturing Science and Engineering Conference, MSEC 2010	Manufacturing systems have recently been shifted from high-volume/low-mix manufacturing to high-mix/low-volume manufacturing and renamed "flexible manufacturing systems" (FMSs). However, problems have occurred, primarily the fact that such systems might not be able to cope with quick environment changes. It is not easy to change the layout and facilities of a factory once we build a big system because it controls the whole manufacturing system in FMS hierarchically. Therefore, new systems for variety-variable manufacturing with flexibility are proposed. A general idea of an autonomous and distributed manufacturing system has been suggested, and it seems feasible because each component part has original information-treatment and decision-making functions. The system gives the constituent elements of its manufacturing system an autonomous decision-making function. The role of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) conveyance system, which controls the flow of parts in a factory, is becoming more important, but research in the conveyance system has been uneven. Examples include studies on AGV action decision-making theory, scheduling, and so on, whereas meanwhile, the use of autonomous decision-making controls in places where transportation is received and transported has hardly been researched. On the other hand, applications of knowledge from one field to a different field have recently drawing much attention. Such activity is known as a mimetic solution. We propose an application of knowledge hidden in traffic engineering to manufacture a trial mimetic solution. Manufacturing systems must withstand such uncertain factors as a sudden change of the manufacturing process, and we therefore propose applying the characteristics of taxi transportation with flexibility to an AGV conveyance system. A taxi is a transport unit in a traffic system with higher flexibility in traveling routes and arrival/departure points compared with railways and buses. Our proposed system's performance is shown based on conveyance efficiency and energy consumption. Additionally, the multiple-load taxis, which are based on taxi characteristics such different body types (small or medium), are applied and evaluated in terms of their conveyance efficiency. Results indicate that a combination of such multiple-load AGVs shows a good performance in terms of higher conveyance efficiency and lower environmental impact.  2010 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Preview fuzzy control method for intelligent vehicle path tracking	2010	Proceedings of the 2010 IEEE International Conference on Progress in Informatics and Computing, PIC 2010	Intelligent vehicle obtains path information by computer vision, and tracks detected path automatically by intelligent control. Through imitating preview driving behavior of human, and integrating driving experience of excellent drivers, an simple and effective preview fuzzy control method for path tracking of intelligent vehicle is presented in this study. The preview fuzzy control method adjusts vehicle speed by preview control according to future path information and adjust vehicle direction by fuzzy control according to present path information. Simulations and experiments show that intelligent vehicle controlled by the preview fuzzy control method can track various paths accurately, stably and robustly. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	Fuzzy control,Intelligent vehicle,Path tracking,Preview control,Preview fuzzy control
Analysis and design of a wireless closed-loop ICPT system working at ZVS mode	2010	2010 IEEE Vehicle Power and Propulsion Conference, VPPC 2010	Based on the T-type equivalent circuit model of loosely coupled transformer, the theory of series-series (SS) resonant inductively coupled power transfer (ICPT) system was analyzed. By researching the principle of ICPT system working at zero voltage switch (ZVS) mode, the condition for realizing ZVS mode was got that the load resistance should be bigger than its critical value. According to the characteristic of open-loop ICPT system, a wireless voltage-feedback control for ICPT system working at ZVS mode was established. Based on the analysis above, An ICPT system prototype was built and tested, the maximum openloop output power was 3.4KW, overall efficiency was 90%; the closed-loop output voltage was stable at 260V, and the maximum output power is 1.9KW.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	12	Automotive Engineering	Closed-loop,Inductively coupled power transfer (ICPT),Zero voltage switch(ZVS)
Research on autonomous driving control method of intelligent vehicle based on vision navigation	2010	2010 International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Software Engineering, CiSE 2010	Intelligent vehicle-highway system, through improving the intelligent control level of single vehicle and the ability of information interaction between vehicle and highway, can realize autonomous driving for intelligent vehicle and platoon driving, so as to solve the increasingly serious traffic problem. The intelligent control for single vehicle is the most important in the intelligent vehicle-highway system. It has been constructed that the experiment platform of intelligent vehicles based on vision navigation under the coordination between vehicle and highway by means of one-tenth of model cars, simulated road and the technology of intelligent control and wireless communication. On the basis of establishing the motion model of intelligent vehicle, it has been proposed the control strategy on autonomous driving for the intelligent vehicle, the accuracy and reliability of which have been verified by experimental analysis. The study has been providing the technical and experimental basis for further research on intelligent vehicle platoon control under the coordination between vehicle and highway. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Software	Autonomous driving,Camera calibration,Intelligent vehicle-highway system,Motion model
Autonomous cooperation formation for multi-robot	2010	2010 International Symposium on Micro-NanoMechatronics and Human Science: From Micro and Nano Scale Systems to Robotics and Mechatronics Systems, MHS 2010, Micro-Nano GCOE 2010, Bio-Manipulation 2010	This paper deals with an adaptive multi-robot task planning. When a desired goal state of the task environment is given, backward task planning from the goal state and forward search form the initial condition such as currently available robot and functions and displacement of objects etc., are interactively executed to find a feasible state transition. Nontrivial multi-robot cooperation formation is dynamically generated as a result of the task planning. Experimental results validate the proposed method. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Research on ODMM obstacle avoidance fuzzy navigation based on ultrasonic-absolute-positioning	2010	Proceedings - International Conference on Electrical and Control Engineering, ICECE 2010	The obstacle avoidance fuzzy navigation strategy based on ultrasonic absolute position was proposed to improve the navigation efficiency and precision of the omni-directional mobile manipulator (ODMM). Comparing with the conventional navigation strategies, the superiority of this strategy is that it can momently get the accuracy positioning of robot and it can adjust posture and speed. The method of fusion redundancy ultrasonic information (FRUI) can improve the absolute positioning accuracy of ODMM. Absolute position based on fusion redundancy ultrasonic information(FRUI) and fuzzy navigation based on driving experience were all applied to the ODMM navigation. This strategies include the move-to-goal behavior based on absolute position and obstacle avoidance fuzzy navigation based on absolute positioning. Finally the experiment had been performed, the experimental result proved that the obstacle avoidance fuzzy navigation algorithm based on ultrasonic absolute positioning was effective and the navigation efficiency and precision of ODMM were greatly improved.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy algorithm,Navigation strategy,Obstacle avoidance fuzzy navigation,Ultrasonic absolute positioning
Supporting the design of automated container terminals with the multiple worlds concept	2010	Proceedings of the 2010 Spring Simulation Multiconference - Emerging M and S Applications in Industry and Academia Symposium, EAIA	Automation in maritime container terminals is gaining momentum as the advantages in terms of productivity and costs have become apparent. Automated container terminals differ from manual ones by robotized vehicles transporting the containers instead of man-driven vehicles. The design of an automated container terminal remains a daunting task due to the large solution space. In previous work, we introduced the multiple worlds concept to support the design of complex systems. By applying the multiple worlds formalism on the case of automated container terminals, we are able to explore the large solution space in a structured way and have the ability to select the most robust design. In order to use the concept however, a specific component library has to be developed that can be used in a multiple worlds environment. This component library has different abstraction levels that can be used throughout the design process. During the design process, different alternatives are explored by going from a high abstracted model to a more concrete model. At the end of the design process, different concrete models are available. From these concrete models, a thorough selection can be made to finally maintain the most robust design. In this paper, the concept will be discussed and the component library will be presented.  2010 Simulation Councils, Inc.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Networks and Communications,Software,Modeling and Simulation	Container terminal simulation,DEVS,Simulation based design
Inexpensive ground truth and performance evaluation for human tracking using multiple laser measurement sensors	2010	Performance Metrics for Intelligent Systems (PerMIS) Workshop	This paper will describe a flexible and inexpensive method of obtaining ground truth for the evaluation of Human Tracking systems. It is expected to be appropriate for evaluating systems used to allow robots and/or autonomous vehicles to operate safely around humans. It is currently focused on tracking people as they stand still or walk. It relies on multiple Laser Measurement Sensors(LMS) also called laser line scanners. The LMS's are mounted to scan in a horizontal plane. A method for quickly calibrating the relative position and orientation of each of the sensors to each other is described. A basic human tracking algorithm using the LMS's is described along with how the algorithm can be combined with a priori knowledge of the walkers intended path during the test. A graphical user interface(GUI) displays both the data obtained directly from the LMS and the output of the tracking algorithm. The GUI allows the user to verify and adjust the tracking algorithm without needing to annotate every frame, and therefore at a lower cost than systems that require extensive annotation. Tests were performed with people walking or running though several patterns, while data was simultaniously recorded by a more expensive system require individual receivers on each participant for comparison.  2010 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	ground truth,human tracking,laser measurement sensor(LMS)
Architecture-based design of multi-agent systems	2010	Architecture-Based Design of Multi-Agent Systems	Multi-agent systems are claimed to be especially suited to the development of software systems that are decentralized, can deal flexibly with dynamic conditions, and are open to system components that come and go. This is why they are used in domains such as manufacturing control, automated vehicles, and e-commerce markets. Danny Weyns' book is organized according to the postulate that "developing multi-agent systems is 95% software engineering and 5% multi-agent systems theory." He presents a software engineering approach for multi-agent systems that is heavily based on software architecture - with, for example, tailored patterns such as "situated agent", "virtual environment", and "selective perception" - and on middleware for distributed coordination - with programming abstractions such as "views" and "roles." Next he shows the feasibility and applicability of this approach with the development of an automated transportation system consisting of a number of automatic guided vehicles transporting loads in an industrial setting. Weyns puts the development of multi-agent systems into a larger perspective with traditional software engineering approaches. With this, he opens up opportunities to exploit the body of knowledge developed in the multi-agent systems community to tackle some of the difficult challenges of modern-day software systems, such as decentralized control, location-awareness, self-adaption, and large-scale. Thus his book is of interest for both researchers and industrial software engineers who develop applications in areas such as distributed control systems and mobile applications where such requirements are of crucial importance.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2010. All rights are reserved.	Book	b	bk	Book	Belgium	34	Computer Science (all)	None
Open CNC system design based on multi-agent technology	2010	2010 International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Software Engineering, CiSE 2010	Traditional interface closure CNC system makes functional expansion and architecture alteration impossible. It cannot meet the developing demand of modern technology toward openness, flexibility, and intelligence. In this paper, a Multi-agent technology is utilized for open CNC design, the CNC can be regarded as a double-layer structure, the upper layer concludes software modules running tasks without real time requirement which coordinated by Windows Operating System on general PC hardware, the bottom layer is composed of several embedded controllers implementing real time tasks with Real time Operating System (RTOS) and connecting to a high speed field bus. All the software modules and embedded controllers can be easily converted to Multi-Agent System (MAS) by endow them with the concepts and characteristics of intelligent agent. Taking the advantage of agent's characteristics like self-determination, adaptability and cooperation ability, it becomes easier to develop an open, reconfigurable and intelligent CNC system. Finally, the 5-axis milling machine tool SK-5L16075 is utilized to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed system. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Software	Field bus,Multi-agent,Open CNC,RTOS
The proposal of the model for developing dispatch system for nationwide one-day integrative planning	2010	Communications in Computer and Information Science	The problems of dispatch planning for container truck are classified as the pickup and delivery problems, which are highly complex issues that consider various constraints in the real world. However, in case of the current situation, it is developed by the control system so that it requires the automated planning system under the view of nationwide integrative planning. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to suggest model to develop the automated dispatch system through the constraint satisfaction problem and meta-heuristic technique-based algorithm. In the further study, the practical system is developed and evaluation is performed in aspect of various results. This study suggests model to undergo the study which promoted the complexity of the problems by considering the various constraints which were not considered in the early study. However, it is suggested that it is necessary to add the study which includes the real-time monitoring function for vehicles and cargos based on the information technology.  2010 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Constraint Satisfaction Problem,Container Transport,Decision Support System,Dispatch System
Coupled longitudinal and lateral control for lane keeping in intelligent transportation systems	2010	Kongzhi Lilun Yu Yingyong/Control Theory and Applications	Considering the coupling effects between the longitudinal vehicle dynamics and the lateral vehicle dynamics, based on the look-ahead scheme and the constant spacing vehicle following policy, we study the problem of integrated longitudinal and lateral control for lane keeping of vehicles platoon in automated highway systems. Assuming that the lateral displacement offset can be measured with two sensors located at the front bumper and tail bumper, from the coupled longitudinal and lateral dynamic model of vehicle, the look-ahead control system model of vehicles platoon for lane keeping is derived. By applying nonsingular terminal sliding mode technology, the integrated longitudinal and lateral control law for lane keeping is designed. Based on Lyapunov function method, the finite-time convergence property of the system is obtained from the phase-plane analysis. A platoon of six vehicles is used to test the performance of the proposed control law by computer simulation. Simulation results illustrate good track performance for lane keeping and longitudinal following of vehicles in a platoon, and the lateral tracking error is not more than 0.05 m.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated highway systems,Lane keeping,Terminal sliding mode,Vehicle following
Enhancing simulation as a decision-making support tool for a cross-docking center in a dynamic retail-distribution environment	2010	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	To ensure just-in-time shipments from a general non-automated retail-cross-docking center, different items must be handled efficiently by different processes despite the many inbound shipments and frequent demand orders from retail stores. In this paper, a systematic and flexible procedure is proposed that efficiently provides critical decision-making support to logistics managers to help them understand and validate the material handling operation at a real retail-cross-docking center. The proposed procedure considers dynamic logistics operation information, such as inbound schedules of suppliers, demand data from retail-chain stores, and individual operator schedules. This detailed data is required for the performance of simulation. In addition, the procedure is applied to an actual non-automated retail-cross-docking center to confirm its effectiveness. Furthermore, the proposed method was found to be both practical and powerful in assisting logistics managers with their continuous decision-making efforts. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	8	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Integrated operational techniques for robotic batch manufacturing systems	2010	Frontiers of Assembly and Manufacturing: Selected papers from ISAM 2009	This paper focuses on a batch manufacturing system with multiple industrial robots. Inappropriate coordination of the robots might cause a bottleneck. In addition, a bottleneck is a constraint that dominates the entire system performance, that is, the productivity. Therefore, for an efficient system, these robots are required to operate appropriately while relating to each other. This is a challenge in this study.We propose the following operational techniques: route planning approaches and operation dispatching rules on the basis of task-assignment that will reduce the effect of a bottleneck. Furthermore, reactive cooperation, so that the robots respond to a fluctuating heavy workload caused by the shifting bottleneck, is an essential operational technique. Throughout the simulation experiments, each combination of the operational techniques is examined; finally, the integrated operational techniques are shown.  2010 Springer Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Japan	0	Engineering (all)	None
Motion planning of multirobot formation	2010	IEEE/RSJ 2010 International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS 2010 - Conference Proceedings	This paper presents a motion planning approach to coordinating multiple mobile robots in moving along specified paths. The robots are required to fulfill formation requirements while meeting velocity/acceleration constraints and avoiding collisions. Coordination is achieved by planning robot velocities along the paths through a velocity optimization process. An objective function for minimizing formation errors is established and solved by a linear interactive and general optimizer. Motion planning can be further adjusted online to address emergent demands such as avoiding suddenly-appearing obstacles. Simulations and experiments are performed on a group of mobile robots to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed coordinated motion planning in multirobot formations. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	9	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Fleet management problem analysis in discrete transport systems	2010	Transport and Telecommunication	The paper describes a novel approach to analysis of management algorithms in discrete transport systems (DTS). The proposed method is based on modelling and simulating of the system behaviour. Monte Carlo simulation is a tool for DTS performance metric calculation. No restriction on the system structure and on a kind of distribution is the main advantage of the method. The system is described by the formal model, which includes reliability and functional parameters of DTS. The paper proposes to change the classic time-table based on management system of DTS by dynamic heuristic algorithms and algorithms based on artificial neural networks. The paper gives numerical results of simulation experiments. The results allow comparing mentioned above fleet management algorithms in different case studies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	Discrete transport system,Dispatching system,Fleet management algorithms,Monte-Carlo simulation,Reliability
Neuro sliding mode based chatter free control for an artificial muscles robot arm	2010	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Neural Networks	We are concerned with the control of a 3-DOF robot arm actuated by pneumatic rubber muscles. The system is highly non-linear and somehow difficult to model therefore resorting to robust control is required. In order to alleviate the effects of nonlinearities and uncertainties, a combined control strategy based on neural network (NN) and the concept of sliding mode control (SMC) is proposed systematically. In this control structure a simple "two-layer" feedforward neural network (NN) with on line adaptive learning laws is used to estimate unknown plant dynamics and chattering phenomenon in conventional SMC is eliminated by incorporated a modified corrective control term. The algorithm is derived from Lyapunov stability analysis, so that both system tracking stability and error convergence can be guaranteed in the closed-loop system. Experimental results are presented and discussed.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	1	Software,Artificial Intelligence	neural network,neuro sliding mode control,Pneumatic artificial muscle,variable structure system
Closed-loop pallet manipulation in unstructured environments	2010	IEEE/RSJ 2010 International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS 2010 - Conference Proceedings	This paper addresses the problem of autonomous manipulation of a priori unknown palletized cargo with a robotic lift truck (forklift). Specifically, we describe coupled perception and control algorithms that enable the vehicle to engage and place loaded pallets relative to locations on the ground or truck beds. Having little prior knowledge of the objects with which the vehicle is to interact, we present an estimation framework that utilizes a series of classifiers to infer the objects' structure and pose from individual LIDAR scans. The classifiers share a low-level shape estimation algorithm that uses linear programming to robustly segment input data into sets of weak candidate features. We present and analyze the performance of the segmentation method, and subsequently describe its role in our estimation algorithm. We then evaluate the performance of a motion controller that, given an estimate of a pallet's pose, is employed to safely engage each pallet. We conclude with a validation of our algorithms for a set of real-world pallet and truck interactions. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	10	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
On deadlocks and fairness in self-organizing resource-flow systems	2010	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Systems in which individual units concurrently process indivisible resources are inherently prone to starvation and deadlocks. This paper describes a fair scheduling mechanism for self-organizing resourceflow systems that prevents starvation as well as a distributed deadlock avoidance algorithm. The algorithm leverages implicit local knowledge about the system's structure and uses a simple coordination mechanism to detect loops in the resource-flow. The knowledge about the loops that have been detected is then incorporated into the scheduling mechanism. Limitations of the approach are presented along with extension to the basic mechanism to deal with them.  2009 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
An novel lane recognition algorithm based on non lane region growing	2010	2010 6th International Conference on Wireless Communications, Networking and Mobile Computing, WiCOM 2010	With the growing number of vehicles on the road, the automatic guided vehicles (AGV) vision system for intelligent vehicles has been given more and more attention. The lane recognition is one of the most basic and important functions in AGV. One of the biggest distinctions of this paper is using reverse thinking to create a novel solution of the problem. This paper proposed a lane recognition method by eliminating non lane region to recognize lanes. This method recognizes lanes by means of the non connectivity between lanes and using the region growing algorithm. Experiments show that this method is more efficient.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Communication	AGV,Computer vision,Intelligent vehicle,Lane recognition,Region growing,Region of interest
Cooperation of AGVs' head-on collision avoidance by knowledge exchange in autonomous decentralized FMS	2010	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper describes the method of cooperation by knowledge exchange in automated guided vehicles (AGVs) moving autonomously in autonomous decentralized flexible manufacturing systems (AD-FMSs). The method gives the AGV an individual knowledge called AGV-knowledge, and by the exchange of which, each AGV can avoid collisions. This method does not use the conventional control by a host computer but applies communication among AGVs. Head-on collisions were prevented by applying this method to 9 types of FMSs constructed in a computer.  2010 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Autonomous decentralized system,FMS,Head-on collision avoidance
The selection of the best control rule for a multiple-load AGV system using simulation and fuzzy MADM in a flexible manufacturing system	2010	Modelling and Simulation in Engineering	Pick up-dispatching problem together with delivery-dispatching problem of a multiple-load automated guided vehicle (AGV) system have been studied. By mixing different pick up-dispatching rules, several control strategies (alternatives) have been generated and the best control strategy has been determined considering some important criteria such as System Throughput (ST), Mean Flow Time of Parts (MFTP), Mean Tardiness of Parts (MFTP), AGV Idle Time (AGVIT), AGV Travel Full (AGVTF), AGV Travel Empty (AGVTE), AGV Load Time (AGVLT), AGV Unload Time (AGVUT), Mean Queue Length (MQL) and Mean Queue Waiting (MQW). For ranking the control strategies, a new framework based on MADM methods including fuzzy MADM and TOPSIS method were developed. Then several simulation experiments which had been based on a flow path layout to find the results were conducted. Finally, by using TOPSIS method, the control strategies were ranked. Furthermore, a similar approach was used for determining the optimal fleet size. The main contribution of this paper is developing a new approach combining the top managers' views in selecting the best control strategy for AGV systems while trying to optimize the fleet size at the mean time by combining MADM, MCDM and simulation methods. Copyright  2010 Parham Azimi et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	22	Modeling and Simulation,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	None
Secure protocol for Ad Hoc transportation system	2010	2010 6th International Conference on Information Assurance and Security, IAS 2010	We define an ad hoc transportation system as one that has no infrastructure such as roads (and lanes), traffic lights etc. We assume that in such a system the vehicle are autonomic and can guide and direct themselves without a human driver. In this paper we investigate how a safe distance can be maintained between vehicles. A vehicle which has been compromised by an adversary can cause serious chaos and accidents in such a network (a denial of service type of attack). A simple key management scheme is then introduced to ensure secure communications between the components of the system.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Information Systems	Collision avoidance,Cyber-physical systems,Secure communications
Vehicle interference effects in warehousing systems with autonomous vehicles	2010	2010 IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, CASE 2010	Autonomous vehicle based storage and retrieval (AVS/R) systems offer greater flexibility to improve cycle time and throughout capacity in the transfer of unit loads in high density storage areas. AVS/R systems rely on autonomous vehicles to provide horizontal the movement within a tier and use lifts to provide vertical movement between tiers. In these systems, vehicle interference in the aisles and cross aisles could significantly decrease system throughput and increase cycle times. In this research, protocols are developed to address vehicle interference and a queuing model is proposed to analyze system performance. A decomposition-based method is used to solve the model and quantify the effect of interference. The interference effects are studied for systems with varying tier configuration parameters such as depth/width ratio and number of vehicles. These insights are validated against detailed simulations.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Control and Systems Engineering	None
An ant colony system for enhanced loop-based aisle-network design	2010	European Journal of Operational Research	The purpose of this paper is to develop a global optimization model, simplification schemes, and a heuristic procedure for the design of a shortcut-enhanced unidirectional loop aisle-network with pick-up and drop-off stations. The objective is to minimize the total loaded and empty trip distances. This objective is the main determinant for the fleet size of the vehicles, which in turn is the driver of the total life-cycle cost of vehicle-based unit-load transport systems. The shortcut considerably reduces the length of the trips while maintaining the simplicity of the system. The global model solves simultaneously for the loop design, stations' locations and shortcut design. We then develop two simplifications each containing two serial phases. Phase-1 of the first simplification step focuses on both loaded and empty trips, while that of the second simplification focuses only on loaded trips. In phase-2, both designs are enhanced with a shortcut to minimize both loaded and empty trip distances. The quality and efficiency of the three alternative designs are tested for a set of problems with different layout size and product mix. While the solution time of the second simplification procedure is a small percentage of the global formulation, it generates satisfactory solutions. On this foundation, we then develop a heuristic procedure to replace phase-1 of the second simplification. The heuristic procedure is using ant colony system to generate feasible solutions and then we implement a local search algorithm to improve the results. The heuristic algorithm quickly generates close to optimal solutions for phase-1 of the second simplification. By applying phase-2 of the this second simplification on a set of loops generated by the heuristic, close to optimal solutions are also quickly obtained for the global model.  2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Ant colony optimization,Automated guided vehicle systems,Facility layout,Facility logistics,Material handling,Vehicle based material transport systems
Using a fuzzy control model to navigate a mobile robot	2010	2010 International Conference on Machine Learning and Cybernetics, ICMLC 2010	In this paper, it developed a fusion navigation system for a mobile robot. It used a fuzzy logic control model to handle three different behaviors of robot movement, including the obstacle avoidance, goal seeking and central route path. These behaviors are independently studied and solved for each situation. After all, three behaviors are fused by using a weight assignment equation to determine the velocities of two wheels of robot which it controls the movement of robot navigation.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Human-Computer Interaction	Defuzzification,Fuzzy control model,Fuzzy inference engine,Fuzzy rule base,Mobile robot,Pose of robot
A rule-based system for trajectory planning of an indoor mobile robot	2010	2010 7th International Multi-Conference on Systems, Signals and Devices, SSD-10	In this paper, a software simulation model is developed for a two wheels driven mobile robot motion controller that can navigate the robot safely through an unknown environment. The work involves the design of a controller, which has four functions: motion control; obstacle avoidance; self-location; and path planning both global and local. The proposed controller is responsible for the mobile robot navigation after it generates a trajectory between start and goal points. Also it enables the robot to operate successfully in the presence of various obstacles present in any user built maps. The mobile robot is able to locate its position on any given map. The dynamic of the mobile robot is examined and the time constant of the two motors, which affects the direction of the mobile robot motion, is controlled. Obstacle avoidance is implemented with Fuzzy Logic Controller. The numerical experiments demonstrated that the indoor robot navigated successfully in tight corridors, avoided obstacles and dealt with a variety of world maps with various irregular wall shapes that were presented to it. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iraq	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Context-aware route planning	2010	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	In context-aware route planning, there is a set of transportation agents each with a start and destination location on a shared infrastructure. Each agent wants to find a shortest-time route plan without colliding with any of the other agents, or ending up in a deadlock situation. We present a single-agent route planning algorithm that is both optimal and conflict-free. We also present a set of experiments that compare our algorithm to finding a conflict-free schedule along a fixed path. In particular, we will compare our algorithm to the approach where the shortest conflict-free schedule is chosen along one of k shortest paths. Although neither approach can guarantee optimality with regard to the total set of agent route plans - and indeed examples can be constructed to show that either approach can outperform the other - our experiments show that our approach consistently outperforms fixed-path scheduling.  2010 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	19	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Estimating TOF by parameter estimation of double exponential model	2010	Proceedings of the 2010 2nd International Conference on Future Computer and Communication, ICFCC 2010	The notion of estimating ultrasonic pulse's TOF (time-of-flight) by estimating the parameters of double exponential model is introduced. The TOF of ultrasonic pulse comes down to the function of exponential terms' coefficients in the double exponential model, and can be estimated by the least square method with very little computational load. The simulations show that the performance of the method proposed in this paper is close to the cross-correlation method. Because of its very small computational load, this method can be implemented in the embed system. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Double exponential model,TOF,Ultrasonic location
Fuzzy system to control the movement of a wheeled mobile robot	2010	Studies in Computational Intelligence	This paper describes the design of a locomotion controller to regulate the pose of a nonholonomic mobile robot with frontal differential driving wheels, and a swivel castor wheel in rear. Differently to common proposals base on dynamic models, this controller uses the kinematics model and the mobile robot architecture to generate the adequate linear and angular speeds to reach the desired pose. Two independent and coordinated fuzzy inference systems are the core of this development that is a step further in autonomy in the sense of independence. Experiments and results are shown.  2010 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Mexico	11	Artificial Intelligence	None
Analysis of vehicle requirements in a general automated guided vehicle system based transportation system	2010	Computers and Industrial Engineering	This paper considers a new model of automated guided vehicle system arising from modern transportation systems. The objective is to minimize the vehicle number in order to guarantee the stability of the system. An approximately analytical method is proposed and a numerical example based on simulation is also presented to illustrate the method.  2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	26	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle system,Simulation,Vehicle requirements
An estimate and simulation approach to determining the automated guided vehicle fleet size in FMS	2010	Proceedings - 2010 3rd IEEE International Conference on Computer Science and Information Technology, ICCSIT 2010	One of the many design and control issues of Automated Guided Vehicles System (AGVS) is the AGV fleet size. This paper presents a new solution method to determining the number of vehicles in the AGVS based on Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). The approach relies on two procedures-estimate and simulation. With estimate procedure, the mathematic method will be used to estimate the AGV fleet size. In the next procedure, the estimate value will be used in the simulation model of AGVS for further study. The reliable number of vehicles can be reached after two procedures. The objective of this paper is to increase the efficiency and accuracy of the process in determining the AGV fleet size.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles system,Flexible manufacturing system,Number of vehicles,Simulation
Vehicle routing model and algorithm for twin 40 ft quay cranes in container terminals	2010	Huazhong Keji Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Huazhong University of Science and Technology (Natural Science Edition)	A real-time container vehicles routing strategy was made, which was aimed at the working feature of twin 40 ft quay crane in container terminals. A mathematical programming model integrating operations between different types of handling equipment was formulated. An improved genetic algorithm (IGA) with adaptable adjusting of crossover and mutation rate was presented. In IGA, the most promising individual directly enters into the next generation and the other individuals were chosen for reproduction by a linear ranking method. IGA adopted multiple crossover operators to inherit parents' excellent patterns and introduced niche technology so as to maintain the diversity of population. To compare the quality and efficiency of IGA with a weighted time-distance heuristic algorithm and standard genetic algorithm, five test problems were created. The results show that the IGA has better performance which meets the need for real-time dispatching of container vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all)	Containers,Genetic algorithms,Models,Terminals,Twin 40 ft quay cranes,Vehicle routing
Development of the decision-making system for the ship block logistics based on the simulation	2010	Journal of Ship Production	Nowadays, the simulation technology aiming at preverifying extensively continues to develop in the manufacturing industry. Though it is possible to apply simulation methodology to various fields in various methods, in particular, the computer simulation of the production system in the manufacturing industry is applied most extensively. Lots of shipyards have made continual studies of the improvement plans on logistics operation of shipyards to cover the ship product constructed anew that consists of various ship types increasing day by day in the fixed area of the yard in recent years. The block to form a ship, a transporter to transfer the block, and the jig that is the support of the block are related physically, and the planning and scheduling and the operating scheme of the distribution are related informatively in the logistics of the shipyard. We introduce cases to build the decision-making system with which one can perform the logistics verification on the planning and scheduling and the assessment of the quantitative effect of the changes of the shipyard layout.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	8	Ocean Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Materials,Model testing,Shipyards,Systems engineering
Fleet size of robots for rescue missions	2010	2010 IEEE International Conference on Automation, Quality and Testing, Robotics, AQTR 2010 - Proceedings	How to solve the problem of exploration and map updating in disaster areas for survivors and rescue missions is a big challenge for research groups involved in this line. A non-linear polynomial is described to determine the optimal fleet size of robots using the spatial characteristics of the building to explore. This spatial characteristics are extracted using Voronoi and Skeleton diagrams. The results obtained with this non-linear polynomial are tested simulating the behaviour of a robots team in different maps.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering	Exploration,Multi-robot systems,Optimization,Rescue,Team size
Scene recognition based on fusion of color and corner features	2010	Studies in Computational Intelligence	The advance of science and technology has motivated to face new and more complex engineering applications. These new challenges must involve not only the design of adaptive and dynamic systems but also the use of correct information. Everyday, it is more evident that good multicriteria decision making systems require different types of information; therefore data fusion is becoming a paramount point in the design of multicriteria decision making systems. This chapter presents a scenery recognition system for robot navigation using a neural network hierarchical approach. The system is based on information fusion in indoor scenarios. The neural systems consist on two levels. The first level is built with one neural network and the second level with two. The system extracts relevant information with respect to color and landmarks. Color information is related mainly to localization of doors. Landmarks are related to corner detection. The hierarchical neural system, based on feedforward architectures, presents 90% of correct recognition in the first level in training, and 95% in validation. The first ANN in the second level shows 90.90% of correct recognition during training, and 87.5% in validation. The second ANN has a performance of 93.75% and 91.66% during training and validation, respectively. The total performance of the systems was 86.6% during training, and 90% in validation.  2010 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Mexico	0	Artificial Intelligence	corner detection,robotics,Scene recognition
Composition of architectural models: Empirical analysis and language support	2010	Journal of Systems and Software	Managing the architectural description (AD) of a complex software system and maintaining consistency among the different models is a demanding task. To understand the underlying problems, we analyse several non-trivial software architectures. The empirical study shows that a substantial amount of information of ADs is repeated, mainly by integrating information of different models in new models. Closer examination reveals that the absence of rigorously specified dependencies among models and the lack of support for automated composition of models are primary causes of management and consistency problems in software architecture. To tackle these problems, we introduce an approach in which compositions of models, together with relations among models, are explicitly supported in the ADL. We introduce these concepts formally and discuss a proof-of-concept instantiation of composition in xADL and its supporting tools. The approach is evaluated by comparing the original and revised ADs in an empirical study. The study indicates that our approach reduces the number of manually specified elements by 29%, and reduces the number of manual changes to elements for several realistic change scenarios by 52%.  2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	3	Software,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture	Architectural description language (ADL),Architectural models,Composition,Empirical analysis,Relations,Software architecture
A hybrid genetic algorithm for dispatching optimization problem of transportation system in automated storage and retrieval system	2010	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	Transportation system is a discrete, stochastic, dynamic, multi-factors and multi-objective system in Automated Storage and Retrieval System (AS/RS). In the practical running conditions of transportation system, to deal with conflict of equipments and assignment problem of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), a mathematical model with multiple complex constraints is constructed to AGV dispatching optimization problem. A novel hybrid genetic algorithm has been proposed based on genetic algorithm and Lamarckian evolution algorithm and it combines them with local search technique. The method solved the multi-parameter model and the technical hard problem of searching efficacious adjacent structure, it has the ability of searching global solutions. Tests demonstrate the approach overcomes the phenomena of deadlock in transportation process. It also improves the use of resources of transportation system effectively.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Automated storage and retrieval system (AS/RS),Dispatching optimization problem,Hybrid genetic algorithm
Continuous path detection method of intelligent track-searching vehicle based on photoelectric sensor	2010	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	The detection distance and accuracy of the path are two key factors of photoelectric intelligent track-searching vehicles. Firstly, through the analysis of operating principles of photoelectric sensors, this article designs a circuit for photoelectric sensors. This circuit could make photoelectric sensors work in impulse state, enlarging their detection distance of the path. Secondly, traditional path detection algorithms could not get enough information of path conditions, which is discrete and not continuous. According to the study of characteristics of photoelectric sensor, the special feature curve of photoelectric sensor is found out. Based on this feature curve, this article puts forward a continuous detection algorithm of intelligent vehicles. Experimental result demonstrates that this algorithm not only improves intelligent vehicle's speed but also promotes its systemic stability. Therefore, the continuous path detection method proposed by this paper has high accuracy, large detection range, and high practicability.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Intelligent vehicle,Look-forwarding,Path recognition,Photoelectric sensor
Research on scheduling of the RGV system based on QPSO	2010	2010 8th IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA 2010	This paper presents an improved quantum behaved particle swarm optimization(QPSO) algorithm for rail guided vehicles system(RGV). First, a model of RGV system that using interleaving is proposed. Then an optimization methods based on QPSO is proposed, and a Gaussian mutation operator is defined to improve the algorithm's local convergence ability. The feasibility and effectiveness of proposed approach is illustrated by the simulation experiment.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Optimal design of fault-tolerant Petri net controllers	2010	Proceedings of the 2010 American Control Conference, ACC 2010	This paper proposes an approach for the optimal design of fault-tolerant Petri net controllers. Given a system controller that is modeled as a Petri net, a fault-tolerant Petri net controller can be obtained by embedding the given Petri net controller into a larger Petri net controller that retains the functionality of the original controller, and uses additional places, tokens, and connections to allow the detection and identification of faults that may occur in the controller places. An algorithm is developed to systematically design this fault-tolerant Petri net controller in an optimal sense. The optimality is in terms of minimizing the sum of arc weights of the (input and output) incident matrices of the redundant controller. Such minimum sum of arc weights is useful for characterizing the minimum hardware cost required to implement the redundant controller. An example of the optimal design of a fault-tolerant Petri net controller for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system is also provided to illustrate our approach.  2010 AACC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Fault toleranceOptimal design,Petri nets,Redundant controllers
Comparative Analysis of Automatic Steering Technologies and Intelligent Transportation System Applied to BRT	2010	SAE Technical Papers	Copyright  2010 SAE International.In the recent years the urban transport system known as BRT (Bus Rapid Transit System) is gaining importance due to the growing demands from alternatives to rail systems. However, unlike rail systems, the performance of BRT depends on the driver's ability to perform accurate docking maneuvers on the bus stop platform and to travel in narrow bus lane quickly and safely. In this scenario, the automation of the bus through the technology of automated steering shows up as a viable alternative, with excellent prospect of operational performance improvement. This article shows how sensing technologies (including magnetic and optical), computational intelligence and electromechanical actuator can transform standard bus in automatically guided vehicle. In addition, it discusses the importance of integrating automated vehicle guidance system (AVGS) with Intelligent Transport System (ITS) to increase operational performance and safety of the BRT.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	1	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Design of a stable controller for accurate path tracking of automated guided vehicles systems	2010	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper deals with the path tracking and stability of motion of automated guided vehicle systems and wheeled mobile robots. A two degree-of-freedom dynamic model is developed to represent the plane motion of the vehicle. This model along with the instantaneous posture errors (position and orientation errors) of the vehicle are used to formulate their path-tracking problem in state space format. Implementation of stability criterion and application of the actual physical limits of the pertinent parameters of the system are the strategies used to design the controller. It is shown that implementation of a control strategy based on the vehicles' position and orientation errors gives satisfactory results in vehicles' path tracking. The feasibility of the approach and the performance of the controlled system are demonstrated by using a prototype vehicle.  2010 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Control of AGVs,Controller design,Path tracking,Stability
Design of ultrasonic distance measurement module based on CAN network	2010	Yadian Yu Shengguang/Piezoelectrics and Acoustooptics	Obstacle avoidance is one of the important researches in intelligent vehicle and mobile robot society. An ultrasonic distance measurement system, which was C8051F040 based MCU and PCA82C250 transceiver, the ultrasonic sensor array combining CAN bus communication was presented. The working principle and design method of hardware and software was discussed in detail. In addition, the compensation module was used to amend ultrasonic transmission error for improving system accuracy. Experiment results showed that the system had some advantages such as the distance data measured by the system is accurate, the high performance of data transmission etc. The system could be effectively applied to obstacle avoidance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Acoustics and Ultrasonics,Materials Chemistry	C8051F040,CAN bus,Multi-objects localization,Temperature compensation,Ultrasonic sensor array
Multirobot coordination for flexible batch manufacturing systems experiencing bottlenecks	2010	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	In this paper, we focus on a batch manufacturing system with multiple industrial robots. In this system, material-handling robots (MHRs) and material-processing robots (MPRs) are operating. Since various operations are conducted at certain places, one of them might include a localized bottleneck. A localized bottleneck is a constraint that dominates the maximum amount of production in a system, that is, the productivity. In addition, the bottleneck induces congestion; as a result, the productivity declines. For these issues, there are two primary challenges: bottleneck prevention and restraint. To solve them, suitable operational techniques with respect to the MHRs and MPRs are needed in order for them to operate appropriately while relating to each other. In this paper, a constructive approach toward multi-robot coordination problems is taken. In this approach, we propose applicable operational techniques for the robots. Through simulation experiments, we examine the effectiveness of the proposed techniques and their combinations and, finally, show an integrated operational technique. Each of the operational techniques solves a localized bottleneck and the congestion, and the integrated technique successfully improves the productivity and results in the most efficient system.  2010 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Bottleneck,factory automation,flexible batch manufacturing,multirobot coordination,operational technique
Two simple deadlock prevention policies for S3PR based on Key-resource/operation-place Pairs	2010	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	This paper proposes the concept of Key-resource/operation-place Pairs (KP) of S3PR (systems of simple sequential processes with resources). Based on KP, two policies are presented to prevent deadlocks in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) that can be modeled by S3PR. The idea is to control some key resource places only to guarantee that all strict minimal siphons (SMS) never become empty, thereby making the controlled system live. It enables one to design two easy-to-implement control policies. The first one can guarantee that the controlled system is live, and the second one can also make the controlled system live if there is no SMS containing any control place in the controlled system. At last, a well-known FMS example is used to illustrate the proposed concept and policies.  2010 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	56	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock prevention,discrete-event systems (DES),flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs),Petri nets
Design of reconfigurable manufacturing systems	2010	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	This paper explains the rationale for the development of reconfigurable manufacturing systems, which possess the advantages both of dedicated lines and of flexible systems. The paper defines the core characteristics and design principles of reconfigurable manufacturing systems (RMS) and describes the structure recommended for practical RMS with RMS core characteristics. After that, a rigorous mathematical method is introduced for designing RMS with this recommended structure. An example is provided to demonstrate how this RMS design method is used. The paper concludes with a discussion of reconfigurable assembly systems.  2011 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	387	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Extending adaptive fuzzy behavior hierarchies to multiple levels of composite behaviors	2010	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	We propose an extended version of adaptive fuzzy behavior hierarchies, termed Multiple Composite Levels (MCL), that allows for the proper modulation of composite behaviors over multiple levels of a behavior hierarchy, and demonstrate its effectiveness for a hybrid learning/reactive control system. Controllers using adaptive fuzzy behavior hierarchies have previously been shown to provide effective control for robots tasked with multiple concurrent tasks. However, when more complex hierarchies are used to provide control for tasks of increasing complexity, low-level reactive behaviors may not be properly weighted, resulting in sub-optimal control. Through experimental evaluation in which composite behaviors that coordinate lower behaviors are learned using reinforcement learning, we demonstrate that MCL provides effective control in a complex multi-agent task, whereas the original implementation of adaptive fuzzy behavior hierarchies does not.  2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Behavior hierarchy,Fuzzy logic,Reinforcement learning
Tracking control for AGV based on biologically inspired neural dynamics	2010	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	In order to smoothly implement the trajectory tracking control of AGV under the situation of the speed jump, a tracking control algorithm was proposed, which was based on a gated dipole neural model and fast terminal sliding mode. First, an ideal control law was obtained from a kinematics controller; then use of neural dynamics solved the speed jump problem. Finally, a fast terminal sliding mode controller improved the tracking accuracy furthermore. The outputs of the controller were bounded and smoothened, realizing the global asymptotic stability of the control system. Computer simulation results show its excellent quality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Backstepping technique,Neural dynamics,Sliding mode control,Trajectory tracking
A quick scan and lane recognition algorithm based on positional distribution and edges features	2010	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	With the growing number of vehicles on the road, the automatic guided vehicles (AGV) vision system for intelligent vehicles has been given more and more attention. Lane recognition is an important component in the automatic guided vehicles (AGV) vision system for intelligent vehicles. To improve the speed and accuracy of lane recognition, this paper proposed an image segmentation algorithm based on the normalized histogram matching and a specific image scan algorithm based on positional distribution of lanes to reduce runtime. The purpose of image segmentation is extracting useful road information and the algorithm is segmenting the image by calculating the similarity of Cumulative Distribution Function (CDF) of normalization histogram. The main idea of image scan algorithm proposed in this paper is regarding the lanes that have been found as starting points and looking for the new lanes. Then we use a novel lane screen algorithm based on the left and right edges of lanes' geometric feature to remove invalid information and improve the accuracy and promote efficiency effectively. At last, a lane prediction algorithm is proposed to predict the farther lanes which may be lost due to treating as noises. After our tests, this algorithm has better robustness and higher efficiency.  2010 SPIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Image scan,Image segmentation,Intelligent vehicle,Lane prediction,Lane recognition
A bi-criteria AGV-based flexible jobshop manufacturing network having uncertain parametersd	2010	2010 2nd International Conference on Engineering System Management and Applications, ICESMA 2010	We propose an approach for finding an optimal path in a flexible jobshop manufacturing system considering two criteria of time and cost. With rise in demands, advancement in technology, and increase in production capacity, the need for more shops persists. Therefore, a flexible jobshop system has more than one shop with the same duty. The difference among shops with the same duty is in their machines with various specifications. A network is configured in which the nodes are considered to be the shops with arcs representing the paths among the shops. An Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) functions as a material handling device through the manufacturing network. To account for uncertainty, we consider time to be a triangular fuzzy number and apply an expert system to infer cost. The objective is to find a path minimizing both the time and cost criteria, aggregately. Since time and cost have different scales, a normalization procedure is proposed to remove the scales. The model being bi-objective, the AHP weighing method is applied to construct a single objective. Finally, a dynamic programming approach is presented for computing a shortest path in the network. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is illustrated by a numerical example.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Information Systems	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Flexible jobshop,Fuzzy systems,Manufacturing systems
Cost optimization in an AGV-based automated manufacturing system associated with product inspection and machine reliability	2010	2010 2nd International Conference on Engineering System Management and Applications, ICESMA 2010	In this paper, we focus on automated manufacturing systems composed of AGVs as material handling devices and jobshop layout of machines. AGV carries the raw materials through the shops in batches. In each shop an inspection unit is configured (multi stage inspection). Considering the size of the batches and the defect rate, one type of the inspection (sampling inspection or full inspection) is carried out. Number of defects in products is a random variable which specifies the inspection policy. In general inspection incurs cost to our system. Machines in each shop are in parallel case. The reliability of machines follows a probability distribution. Shops are in series case. Hence, a composite (parallel-series) system is ensued. While the reliability of machines decreases, numbers of defects in products increases and as a result incur more costs to the system. The aim is to control the number of defects in a way that satisfies both product assurance level which is a consequence of inspection and machines reliability lower limit considering the available operational budgets.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	2	Information Systems	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Flexible jobshop,Fuzzy systems,Manufacturing systems
Fuzzy control research in the courses of smart car	2010	2010 International Conference on Machine Vision and Human-Machine Interface, MVHI 2010	The key problem in intelligent vehicle control is whether it can advance autonomously following the navigation line. In the intelligent vehicle which can navigate autonomously, serious nonlinear problems exist in direction control and speed control .Non-linear control can be achieved by fuzzy control, and the adaptability and robustness to uncertain elements are better. To the automatic guided vehicle(AGV),this paper adopts fuzzy control technology to direction change of steering engine, and realizes smart car ' s direction control flexibly and intelligently. This paper adopts typical PID adjustment, and optimizes the parameters. The control strategy of this paper is programmed on MC9S12DG128B,which is a kind of the Freescale MCU. Actual tests show that following the guided line, smart car can run stably and react swiftly which is adopted fuzzy controller in direction control. The design of fuzzy controller fully realized the initial design goals.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	5	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction	Advance autonomously,Control of changing direction,Fuzzy algorithm,Iintelligent car,Navigation system
Development of a flexible AGV for flexible manufacturing systems	2010	Industrial Robot	Purpose - The paper aims to describe the design and development of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) that incorporates artificial intelligence techniques to increase its autonomy and flexibility. The aim is developing a flexible AGV that operates as a flexible material handling system (MHS) in dynamic industrial environments. Design/methodology/approach - Introduces the entire on-board control system including hardware and software designs. The sensory system consists of a laser navigation system for localisation and a security laser scanner for sensing the environment. The software architecture is instantiated in a CPU that is connected to low level controllers through a CAN bus. Simplicity, flexibility, robustness and safety were concerned in the design process. Findings - The developed prototype is able to operate in partially structured and dynamic environments, is easily configured using an approximated description of the workplace and is able to adapt when slight floor layout modifications. This development shows that current technology permits introducing intelligent vehicles in complex manufacturing systems. Practical implications - The prototype is successfully tested in a real factory, operating as a flexible MHS, transporting pallets between production and storage lines. Originality/value - A novel flexible AGV is designed and developed to operate as a flexible MHS in dynamic industrial environments. The system satisfies the safety and robustness requirements of industrial applications. The flexible MHS results especially suitable for manufacturing systems that suffers from cyclic and seasonal variations and for flexible manufacturing systems where the possibility of choosing alternative routes is a must.  2010 Emerald Group Publishing Limited. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	23	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Artificial intelligence,Automation,Materials handling,Robotics
Convoy movement problem - An optimization perspective	2010	Studies in Computational Intelligence	This chapter addresses the convoy movement problem (CMP) in military logistics. CMP involves routing and scheduling military convoys within the strategic constraints. The chapter begins with an introduction to the domain of military logistics. It is followed by formal specification of CMP, computational complexity and classification of the problem. Section 2 highlights the state of art as is evident from the literature and the gaps that require further exploration. An integer programming model is then presented in section 3 and section 4 demonstrates its adaptability to different practical scenarios. In section 5, methods to generate lower and upper bounds are discussed in brief. Section 6 summarizes the results obtained, followed by conclusions and scope for further work in the last section.  2010 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Singapore	6	Artificial Intelligence	None
Guidance based autonomous parking assistant	2010	ICIMA 2010 - 2010 2nd International Conference on Industrial Mechatronics and Automation	This paper presents a novel and computationally inexpensive method for motion planning of autonomous diagonal or row parking of four wheeled nonholonomic vehicles. The proposed method makes use of Trajectory Shaping Guidance, given in (1) and (2), which was originally developed for missiles to hit the target at a given angle. This paper uses a modified version of Trajectory Shaping Guidance (TSG) for path planning. The method computes a feasible path by inherently considering nonholonomic constraints of the vehicle. Detailed simulation results show the robustness, simplicity and efficiency of the proposed method.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Pakistan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Automotive navigation systems,Autonomous automated guided vehicles,Path planning,Trajectory planning
Network-based distributed approach for implementation of an unmanned autonomous forklift	2010	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	Unmanned autonomous forklifts have a great potential to enhance the productivity of material handling in variousapplications because these forklifts can pick up and deliver loads without an operator and any fixed guide. There are, however, manytechnical difficulties in developing such forklifts including localization, map building, sensor fusion, control and so on.Implementation, which is often neglected, is one of practical issues in developing such an autonomous device. This is because thesystem requires numerous sensors, actuators, and controllers that need to be connected with each other, and the number ofconnections grows very rapidly as the number of devices grows. Another requirement on the integration is that the system shouldallow changes in the system design so that modification and addition of system components can be accommodated without too mucheffort. This paper presents a network-based distributed approach where system components are connected to a shared CAN network,and control functions are divided into small tasks that are distributed over a number of microcontrollers with a limited computingcapacity. This approach is successfully applied to develop an unmanned forklift.  ICROS 2010.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous control,CAN (Controller Area Network),Embedded control system,Network-based distributed control system,Unmanned autonomous forklift
A type-2 fuzzy controller for automatic guided vehicle wall-following control	2010	ICIC Express Letters, Part B: Applications	The ultra-sound sonar system is commonly used on the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) to detect the object away from the AGV within a short distance. As the AGV navigates in an environment using sonar-based wall-following approach, the noise contaminated in the sonar-based distance measurement is inevitable. In this paper, a type-2 fuzzy controller is proposed to control both the left and right drive wheel of an nonholonomic AGV for the wall following. It will be shown that the proposed type-2 fuzzy controller resolves the inevitable noise problem due to its flexibility of processing controller's input and output signals with uncertainty and its robustness held in the type-2 fuzzy control system. To verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed type-2 fuzzy controller, it is experimentally compared with a conventional type-1 fuzzy controller. It will be shown that the proposed type-2 fuzzy controller outperforms the conventional type-1 fuzzy controller.  2010 ICIC International.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Computer Science (all)	Automatic guided vehicle,Sonar,Type-2 fuzzy controller,Wall following
Multi-objective optimization for PID parameter based on elitist-evolution guidance	2010	Kongzhi Lilun Yu Yingyong/Control Theory and Applications	For multi-objective optimization problems, a decision-maker must choose one solution from many nondominated ones in Pareto front. Decision preferences are introduced into Pareto optimization in this paper, and a multiobjective genetic algorithm based on elitist-guidance mechanism is presented. Elitists are selected from Pareto optimal solutions according to decision-making preferences. The lossless-finite-precision method and the normalized increment-distance are proposed to keep the population diversity. The effect of decision-making preferences is spread among the entire population by using the multi-population evolution mechanism. This approach is applied successfully to PID parameter optimization of automated-guided-vehicle(AGV) servo system, which can make a fast, effective and directional search for Pareto optimal solutions according to decision-making preferences, and ensures the servo control for achieving the velocity-response performance required by path tracking.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Elitist-guidance,Genetic algorithm,Multi-objective optimization,Pareto optimal solutions,PID parameter tuning
Suboptimal deadlock control policy for flexible manufacturing systems	2010	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To solve deadlock problem in flexible manufacturing systems, taking the permissive behavior of controlled system as an criterion, and according to elementary siphons of Petri nets, a suboptimal supervisor design method was proposed. Based on control relationship between elementary and dependent siphons, a liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisor with more permissive behavior was derived through properly setting the initial marking of monitors. Compared with the existing methods, the proposed strategy was more permissive.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock control,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri nets,Siphon
Contactless energy transfer system with FPGA-controlled resonant converter	2010	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	Power supply based on an inductive coupled contactless energy transfer system is presented in this paper. The energy is transferred using a rotatable transformer and a power electronic converter. To minimize total losses of the system, a series resonant compensation circuit is applied assuring zero-current switching condition for insulated-gate bipolar transistors. The analytical expression of the transfer dc voltage gain is presented and discussed. The novelty of the system lies in the application of a fully digital field-programmable-gate-array-based controller and a protection system. The resonant frequency is adjusted by a primary peak current regulator. Some simulation and experimental results illustrating the operation of the developed 3-kW 60-kHz laboratory prototype are given. Although the presented power supply with a rotatable transformer is constructed mainly for robotics and manipulators, the described design and control methodology has general validity and can be applied for a wide class of contactless power supply with core or coreless transformers.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	209	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Contactless energy transfer (CET) of electrical energy,contactless power supply,field-programmable gate array (FPGA) controls,series resonance converter
A voice-commandable robotic forklift working alongside humans in minimally-prepared outdoor environments	2010	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	One long-standing challenge in robotics is the realization of mobile autonomous robots able to operate safely in existing human workplaces in a way that their presence is accepted by the human occupants. We describe the development of a multi-ton robotic forklift intended to operate alongside human personnel, handling palletized materials within existing, busy, semi-structured outdoor storage facilities. The system has three principal novel characteristics. The first is a multimodal tablet that enables human supervisors to use speech and pen-based gestures to assign tasks to the forklift, including manipulation, transport, and placement of palletized cargo. Second, the robot operates in minimally-prepared, semi-structured environments, in which the forklift handles variable palletized cargo using only local sensing (and no reliance on GPS), and transports it while interacting with other moving vehicles. Third, the robot operates in close proximity to people, including its human supervisor, other pedestrians who may cross or block its path, and forklift operators who may climb inside the robot and operate it manually. This is made possible by novel interaction mechanisms that facilitate safe, effective operation around people. We describe the architecture and implementation of the system, indicating how real-world operational requirements motivated the development of the key subsystems, and provide qualitative and quantitative descriptions of the robot operating in real settings. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	46	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Modified trajectory shaping guidance for autonomous parallel parking	2010	2010 IEEE Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics, RAM 2010	This paper presents a novel and computationally inexpensive method for motion planning of autonomous parallel parking of four wheeled nonholonomic vehicles. The proposed method makes use of Trajectory Shaping Guidance, given in [1] and [2], which was originally developed for missiles to hit the target at a given angle. This paper uses a modified version of Trajectory Shaping Guidance (TSG) for path planning. The method computes a feasible path by inherently considering nonholonomic constraints of the vehicle. Detailed simulation results show the robustness, simplicity and efficiency of the proposed method. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Pakistan	4	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Automotive control,Autonomous vehicles,Navigation systems,Path planning,Trajectory planning
Integrated quay crane and yard truck schedule problem in container terminals	2010	Tsinghua Science and Technology	Quay crane and yard truck scheduling are two important subproblems in container terminal operations which have been studied separately in previous research. This paper proposes a new problem for the integrated quay crane and yard truck scheduling for inbound containers. The problem is formulated as a mixed integer programming (MIP) model. Due to the intractability, a genetic algorithm (GA) and a modified Johnson's Rule-based heuristic algorithm (MJRHA) are used for the problem solution. In addition, two closed form lower bounds are given to evaluate the solution accuracy. Computational experiments show that the solution algorithm can efficiently handle the scheduling problem and that the integrated methods are very useful.  2010 Tsinghua University Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	39	Multidisciplinary	container terminal,heuristic algorithm,mixed integer programming,scheduling
Autonomous navigation of an automated guided vehicle in industrial environments	2010	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	The research presented in this paper approaches the issue of navigation using an automated guided vehicle (AGV) in industrial environments. The work describes the navigation system of a flexible AGV intended for operation in partially structured warehouses and with frequent changes in the floor plant layout. This is achieved by incorporating a high degree of on-board autonomy and by decreasing the amount of manual work required by the operator when establishing the a priori knowledge of the environment. The AGV's autonomy consists of the set of automatic tasks, such as planner, perception, path planning and path tracking, that the industrial vehicle must perform to accomplish the task required by the operator. The integration of these techniques has been tested in a real AGV working on an industrial warehouse environment.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	97	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous robots,Intelligent systems,Navigation,Path planning
Synthesis of liveness enforcing supervisor for automated manufacturing systems using insufficiently marked siphons	2010	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	A liveness enforcing supervisor synthesis technique is presented for Petri net modeling automated manufacturing systems. The insufficiently marked siphons are deployed to characterize the deadlock situations in an incidence matrix based way, which makes possible the study of the modeled systems from both structural and algebraic perspectives. The approach generates at each step a generalized mutual exclusion constraint which contains only markings for which liveness can be enforced. To avoid the explicit enumeration of all the set of strict minimal siphons, a set of mathematical programming formulations are established to implement the derivation of insufficiently marked siphons from the PT-transformation of the plant system. Further, a generalized elementary siphon control approach is involved such that the final supervisor can be structurally simplified. Several examples are used to illustrate these results.  2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated manufacturing systems,Deadlock prevention,Liveness enforcing supervision,Petri nets
Operation allocation and part type selection in E-manufacturing: An auction based heuristic supported by agent technology	2010	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	This paper enlightens some of the key issues involved in developing real schedule generation architecture in E-manufacturing environment. The high cost, long cycle time of development of shop floor control systems and the lack of robust system integration capabilities are some of the major deterrents in the development of the underlying architecture. We conceptualize a robust framework, capable of providing flexibility to the system, communication among various entities and making intelligent decisions. Owing to the fast communication, distributed control and autonomous character, agent-oriented architecture has been preferred here to address the scheduling problem in E-manufacturing. An integer programming based model with dual objectives of minimizing the makespan and increasing the system throughput has been formulated for determining the optimal part type sequence from the part type pool. It is very difficult to appraise all possible combinations of the operation-machine allocations in order to accomplish the above objectives. A combinatorial auction-based heuristic has been proposed to minimize large search spaces and to obtain optimal or near-optimal solutions of operation-machine allocations of given part types with tool slots and available machine time as constraint. We have further shown the effects of exceeding the planning horizon due to urgency of part types or over time given to complete the part type processing on shop floor and observed the significant increase in system throughput.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agent,Auction,E-business,E-manufacturing,Internet,Multi-agent system,Shop floor
Exponential stabilization for suspension system of vehicle application	2010	IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference	In this paper, an active suspension system for the exponential decay control of the three-degree-of-freedom (3DOF) twin-shaft vehicle is proposed. A new exponential stabilization criterion of the second-order vector differential equations is derived and the particle swarm optimization (PSO) method is employed for searching the optimal controller parameters. The proposed method guarantees all of states of the vehicle in an optimally exponentially decaying manner. The simulation results show that the vibration characteristics of the vehicle by the proposed active suspension achieve high performance in the control of the vehicle body vibration and provide higher driving safety than the passive and linear quadratic (LQ) active suspensions.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Active suspension,Exponential stabilization,Particle swarm optimization,Second-order vector
Dispatching AGVs with noisy estimation of crane operation time	2010	Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Applied Computing	The operation of both quay cranes and stacking cranes used in a container terminal is dynamically affected by a variety of factors. For this reason, errors could arise regarding the estimation of the time involved in processing containers. These errors make it difficult to dispatch automated guided vehicles (AGVs) used for internal transportation of containers in the terminal. In this paper, we propose a simulation-based dispatching algorithm which reduces the impact of the noisy estimation of crane processing time. When dispatching an AGV, the proposed algorithm collects stochastic samples of the evaluation value for each dispatching option by conducting multiple stochastic simulations of the AGV operation. Based on such samples, the proposed algorithm compares the dispatching options and selects the best one. For the stochastic simulation, we use a simple noise model of crane processing time. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is validated by simulation experiments.  2010 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Software	AGV,container terminal,dispatching,simulation,uncertainty
Improved performance of an automated guided vehicle by using a smart diagnostics tool	2010	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	The test bed for the Measurement Science Program at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) includes a robot arm on a rail, conveyers, mannequins and a custom designed automated guided vehicle (AGV). The NIST AGV includes an onboard personal computer and control software, safety sensors, and an absolute positioning sensor system among other useful and research tools, sensors and equipment. A NIST-developed, smart diagnostic tool was used to design, adjust, and monitor vehicle parameters and control algorithms to enable robust autonomous vehicle control. The NIST Diagnostics Tool and its application to the NIST AGV are presented in this paper. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Robotic forklifts for intelligent warehouses: Routing, path planning, and auto-localization	2010	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	Today, robotic systems are bridging the gaps between global economy, social needs, and logistics focusing on sustainable development solutions. Everyday new robotic applications can be found in literature and media. Some of them are basically entertainment toys. Nevertheless, the great majority of them is used inside industries, performing several tasks (painting, welding, moving materials, etc.). In a scenario of global economy growth, any sustainable solution that can reduce the product final cost is welcome. This article presents researches on robotic forklifts for intelligent warehouses developed at the Mechatronics Lab at USP-EESC in Brazil. We show three key-routines that determine the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) behavior: the routing algorithm (that computes the overall task execution time and the minimum global path of each AGV using a topological map of the warehouse), the local path planning algorithm (based on A* it searches for the local minimum path between two nodes of the warehouse topological map), and an auto-localization algorithm (that applies an Extended Kalman Filter - EKF - to estimate the AGVs actual positions). In order to validate the algorithms developed, several tests were carried out using the simulation software Player/Stage. The results obtained were encouraging and the router developed was able to solve traffic jams and collisions, before sending the final paths to the robots. In a near future all algorithms will be implemented using mini- robotic forklifts and a scaled environment built in our lab. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	21	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Petri net decomposition approach to optimization of route planning problems for AGV systems	2010	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	In this paper, we propose a Petri Net (PN) decomposition approach to the optimization of route planning problems for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in semiconductor fabrication bays. An augmented PN is developed to model the concurrent dynamics for multiple AGVs. The route planning problem to minimize the total transportation time is formulated as an optimal transition firing sequence problem for the PN. The PN is decomposed into several subnets such that the subnets are made independent by removing the original shared places and creating its own set of resource places for each subnet with the appropriate connections. The partial solution derived at each subnet is not usually making a feasible solution for the entire PN. The penalty function algorithm is used to integrate the solutions derived at the decomposed subnets. The optimal solution for each subnet is repeatedly generated by using the shortest-path algorithm in polynomial time with a penalty function embedded in the objective function. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated for a practical-sized route planning problem in semiconductor fabrication bay from computational experiments.  2010 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	76	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,decomposition,discrete-event systems,Petri nets (PNs),route planning problem,shortest-path algorithm
On the complexity of maximally permissive deadlock avoidance in multi-vehicle traffic systems	2010	IEEE Transactions on Automatic Control	The establishment of collision-free and live vehicle motion is a prominent problem for many traffic systems. Past work studying this problem in the context of guidepath-based and free-range vehicular systems has implicitly assumed that its resolution through maximally permissive supervision is NP-hard, and therefore, it has typically pursued suboptimal (i.e., more restrictive) solutions. The work presented in this technical note offers formal proof to this implicit assumption, closing the apparent gap in the existing literature. In the process, it also derives an alternative proof for the NP-hardness of maximally permissive liveness-enforcing supervision in Linear, Single-Unit Resource Allocation Systems, that is more concise and more lucid than the currently existing proof.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	42	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),conflict resolution,free-range multi-vehicle systems,liveness,resource allocation system (RAS)
Development and simulation analysis of real-time, dual-load yard truck control systems for seaport container transshipment terminals	2010	OR Spectrum	We show how a seaport container terminal's long-run average quay crane rate depends on the system that automatically assigns yard trucks to container transportation jobs in the terminal in real time. Several real-time, dual-load yard truck control systems are proposed and evaluated by a fully-integrated, discrete event simulation model of a vessel-to-vessel transshipment terminal. The model is designed to reproduce the microscopic, stochastic, real-time environment at a multiple-berth facility. Overall, the literature still lacks a comprehensive analysis that (1) considers different methods for controlling dual-load vehicles in real time within a fully-integrated, stochastic container terminal environment and (2) compares them in terms of an absolute global performance measure such as average quay crane rate. This paper provides such an analysis.  2009 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	23	Management Science and Operations Research	Dynamic vehicle routing,Gross crane rate,Real-time control,Seaport container terminal,Simulation
Vehicle dispatching algorithms for container transshipment hubs	2010	OR Spectrum	This paper seeks to address the dispatching problem for vehicles (or prime movers) in a transshipment hub by considering the quay cranes and yard cranes capacity. The objective of this paper is to minimize the makespan time at the quay side. This issue is particularly important for a port which uses information technology in making real time decision because the port can exploit information technology to make full use of the data in making good decision. A mixed integer programming (MIP) model is developed to formulate the problem. As the existing solver cannot solve the MIP model in reasonable time, we develop two heuristics to tackle the problem. The first method is based on the neighborhood search, while the second method is based on genetic algorithm (GA) and minimum cost flow (MCF) network model. Unlike the typical GA which usually represents the chromosome using job sequence, we use the ready time for jobs as the representation of the chromosome, and MCF model is then used to decode the chromosome to determine the job sequence for prime movers. The experiment results indicate the superiority of the GA-MCF-based algorithm over the neighborhood search algorithm.  2010 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	32	Management Science and Operations Research	Genetic algorithms,Makespan,Transshipment,Vehicle dispatching
Real-time scheduling for twin RMGs in an automated container yard	2010	OR Spectrum	This paper proposes heuristic-based and local-search-based real-time scheduling methods for twin rail-mounted gantry (RMG) cranes working in a block at an automated container terminal. The methods reschedule the cranes in real time for a given fixed-length look-ahead horizon whenever an RMG finishes a job. One difficulty with this problem is that sometimes additional rehandling of containers needs to be carried out in order to complete a requested job, especially when other containers are stacked on top of the target container. These rehandlings are the main cause of the delay of the crane operations, leading to extended waiting of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) or external trucks that co-work with the cranes. By treating the rehandling operations as independent jobs in our solution methods, we can greatly facilitate the cooperation between the two RMGs. Through this cooperation, the workload of the two RMGs can be better balanced and interference can be more easily avoided, thereby maximizing crane utilization. Simulation experiments show that the waiting times of AGVs and external trucks are significantly reduced due to the increased utilization through cooperation.  2010 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	36	Management Science and Operations Research	Automated container terminal,Real-time scheduling,Stacking crane
Performance analysis of berth configurations at container terminals	2010	OR Spectrum	The containerized trade market has been growing rapidly since its introduction. The capacity of ships and the amount of containers being transshipped at container terminals increases significantly. Terminals should handle their operations efficiently to provide the necessary capacity and customer service. In designing a container terminal, terminal management has to consider the choice for a certain type of berth. In this paper, we compare by means of a simulation study the performance of traditional one-sided marginal berths and indented berths. An indented berth enables quay cranes to unload and load containers from both sides of the ship. As a result, more quay cranes can work on a single ship. As main performance measure in this comparison we use the total vessel operation time required to unload and load a ship. This time depends next to crane productivity also on the efficiency of the transportation and storage and retrieval processes in the terminal. We have performed a sensitivity analysis in which we also study the relation between the selection of an indented berth and other design and control issues in the terminal.  2010 The Author(s).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	19	Management Science and Operations Research	Container terminals,Design,Indented berth,Performance analysis,Simulation
Mathematical models and solution methods for optimal container terminal yard layouts	2010	OR Spectrum	In this paper, we introduce an integer linear program for planning the layout of container yards. We concentrate on a special layout class of container yards which we call yard layout with transfer lanes. For those layouts typically rubber tired gantry cranes are used for stacking operations and trucks for horizontal transports. We show that the optimization model can be formulated as a special type of a resource constrained shortest path problem for which the LP relaxation always has at least one integer optimal solution. This model is restricted to a rectangular storage yard which allows a linear formulation. For an arbitrary shaped container yard we adopt the model and develop a variable neighborhood descent (VND) heuristic for solving non-rectangular instances. Concerning the rectangular case, we show that the VND heuristic achieves optimal solutions for 38% of the realistic test instances.  2010 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	33	Management Science and Operations Research	Container terminal,Layout,Resource constrained shortest path problem,Variable neighborhood descent,Yard layout
Pseudorandom/natural code converter with parallel feedback logic configuration	2010	Electronics Letters	A new serial pseudorandom/natural code converter for the position encoder applications is proposed. A shift register with parallel feedback logic configuration is applied, which provides greater speed of the converter. Concrete examples that show the validity of the functioning of the proposed solution are presented.  2010 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Feature-to-feature based laser scan matching for pallet recognition	2010	2010 International Conference on Measuring Technology and Mechatronics Automation, ICMTMA 2010	The pallet recognition method based on feature-to-feature laser scan matching is proposed. The laser scan data are clustered into one line segment if they belong to one object or adjacent objects; then the corner points are found in the line segments; therefore, the environment can be expressed by the line segments. The environment line segments are compared with the pallet model to recognize the pallet. The recognition ratio and velocity of the feature-to-feature based method high and fast. On our robot which configured Pentium III 400MHz, 512M RAM, the static recognition ratio can reach 100%; when the robot moves, the recognition ratio can reach 98%; the recognition velocity is 100 frames per second.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous mobile robot,Feature-to-feature,Laser scan matching,Pallet recognition
Control and path planning for multi-agent mobile vehicles system	2010	2010 International Conference on Measuring Technology and Mechatronics Automation, ICMTMA 2010	A multi-agent system for mobile vehicles which can work efficiently with existing manufacturing systems is introduced, and the transport scheduling combining the contract-net with heuristic rules is presented. Then path planning of multi-agent mobile vehicles is discussed. A* algorithm is adopted in order to find a shortest path because of less calculation and faster speed than other algorithms. Conflicts among multi-agent mobile vehicles can be resolved through communication and coordination of multi-agent mobile vehicles' agents. At the end, computer simulation is given.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Mobile vehicles,Multi-agent,Path planning,Scheduling
Design of navigation agent based on magnetic detection	2010	2010 International Conference on Measuring Technology and Mechatronics Automation, ICMTMA 2010	Aiming at the navigation of autonomous ground vehicle (AGV), the new design of navigation agent based on magnetic detection is proposed. Firstly navigation principle on basis of differential driver and magnetoresistive sensor (MRS) detection is discussed. And then detailed design process including hardware and algorithm for navigation agent is given in the same time. Moreover preview fuzzy navigation controller is proposed in the Sensor-Plan-Act (SPA) closed control model. Finally results of experiment prototype are presented, which have showed this design method's feasibility.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Fuzzy control,Intelligent AGV,Magnetic detection,Navigation agent
Study on quantity of handling robot - Base on queuing theory	2010	2010 International Conference on Measuring Technology and Mechatronics Automation, ICMTMA 2010	the quantity of handling robot (HR) required for effective handling of products among facilities are discused. In the first step, a preliminary solution is obtained by considering the time required for loading and unloading of products,loaded travelling, emptytravelling and breakdown of HR. A detailed model, which integrates both operational and cost performance factors such as utilisation of HR, work-in-process at the HR and life-cycle cost, is then utilised to rank alternatives that are generated from the preliminary solution.The stochastic nature of a manufacturing system, is best modelled using queuing theory. The influence of various othe factors including the operational characteristics of processing facilities,layout design, maintenance function,HR speed and batch size in selection of the quantity of HR is also demonstrated..  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Handling robot,Performance evaluation,Quantity of hr,Work-in-process
A system dynamics model for port operation system based on time, quality and profit	2010	2010 International Conference on Logistics Systems and Intelligent Management, ICLSIM 2010	A novel and generic system-dynamic-model is proposed, which analyzes port operation system from perspectives of time, quality and profit. First, by studying the internal structure and operation mechanism of port operation system, a sophisticated port operation system is defined and divided into three subsystems: time, quality and profit. Later a systemdynamic-model including three submodels is built via system dynamical methodology. Finally, an enterprise in Lianyungang Port is selected as a case study to seek effective methods to solve issues of port operation system through the simulation. The purpose of this study is to simulate the operational process at the port in order to provide a useful tool to achieve three management goals: guarantying service time, improving quality and reducing cost of port service. This research indicates that this model can be applicable to any port to analyze port operation system and provide support for the decision-making of port strategy and port policies. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	Port operation system,Quality and profit,System dynamic model,Time
Using bees algorithm for material handling equipment planning in manufacturing systems	2010	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In this paper, bees algorithm (BA) has been used for determine the optimal number of material handling equipment (MHE) used on the production centers. The unmet demands become zero at the end of the planning horizon, i.e., the part demands are totally satisfied through the horizon. The newly developed model provides network information, such as unmet demands and number of loaded and empty of MHE at any given time and centers. Consequently, the model provides a tool for helping managers with planning and decision-making in manufacturing systems. Computational tests showed that small-sized instances can be solved by the exact approach in a fair amount of central processing unit time, but it is not feasible for medium and large-sized instances. To tackle this problem, a bees algorithm is proposed to solve the model. The algorithm is a search procedure inspired by the way honeybees forage for food. The results obtained show the robust performance of the bees algorithm.  2009 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Bees algorithm,Manufacturing systems,Material handling equipment
Hybrid evolutionary optimization of the operation of pipeless plants	2010	Journal of Heuristics	Pipeless plants are a new production concept in chemical engineering in which automated guided vehicles (AGVs) transport the substances in mobile vessels between processing stations. In the operation of such plants, decisions have to be made on the scheduling of the production, the assignment of the equipment and the routing of the AGVs that carry the vessels. The large number of interacting degrees of freedom prohibit the use of exact mathematical algorithms to compute optimal schedules. This paper describes the combination of an evolutionary scheduling algorithm with a simulation based schedule builder. The algorithm is tested on a real-life example and on a benchmark problem from the literature and yields considerably shorter makespans than a heuristic solution.  2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	8	Software,Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Artificial Intelligence	AGV routing,Evolutionary algorithm,Genetic algorithm,Pipeless plant,Scheduling,Simulation
Wall-following control of a mobile robot with fuzzy Q-learning	2010	Dianji yu Kongzhi Xuebao/Electric Machines and Control	The Q-learning was introduced into navigation control of the wall-following task of mobile robots where there was no enough priori knowledge available. The Q-value function was approached directly using Fuzzy Neural Network (FNN). The optimization method was used to search the greedy action with maximum Q-value. The nodes of FNN were created incrementally and adaptively according to every element of the current pair of state-action and Temporal Difference (TD), which overcame the difficulties of the choice of nodes and ensured an economic size of the network. Moreover the parameters of the FNN were updated using Extended Kalman Filter (EKF). The results of the wall-following task of Khepera 2 mobile robot demonstrate the superiority and validity of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy neural network,Mobile robots,Q-learning,Wall-following navigation
Uncertainty and randomness: A holonic approach	2010	2010 2nd International Conference on Computer Engineering and Applications, ICCEA 2010	Numerous researches on the representation and handling of the uncertainty, starting with the pioneering works about probability of Laplace, Bernoulli, etc. to reach a substantial increase during the twentieth century have been made, with applications in many fields (for example, psychology, decision theory, etc.), including the artificial intelligence one (in this case, related to the multi-agent systems). On the other hand, the notions of holon and informon developed by Koestler, Sulis, Alonso, Pazos et al. have shown to be a very useful way of to model evolving complex dynamic systems. In this work the relationship between holons, informons, randomness and uncertainty (as the opposed to certainty) in a holonic system that reacts to events is analyzed.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Uruguay	4	Computer Science Applications,Software	Fuzzy logic,Holon,Informon,Probability,Uncertainty,Vagueness
A multiple population genetic algorithm and its application in fuzzy controller	2010	3rd International Symposium on Intelligent Information Technology and Security Informatics, IITSI 2010	Genetic Algorithm is an important optimization technique, though its application in Fuzzy system is usually limited by problems like local optimal and premature convergence. With an aim to improve the performance of simple Genetic Algorithm, we propose a multi-population genetic algorithm MP-GA which uses two populations collaborating with each other, and apply it to fuzzy controller design to optimize its control rules. The simulation results of Inverted Pendulum demonstrate the effectiveness of this proposed method.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Fuzzy control,Genetic algorithm,Inverted pendulum
Automated guided vehicles for industrial logistics - Development of intelligent prototypes using appropriate technology	2010	2010 The 2nd International Conference on Computer and Automation Engineering, ICCAE 2010	The industrial systems are recently leaning towards every possible means of automation for enhanced accuracy and better time management. But in case of developing countries like Bangladesh, the development of such sophisticated systems is not always cost effective for the manufacturers. Keeping this idea in mind, an initiative was taken to design and fabricate a low cost group of robotic guided vehicles to perform logistics in a quasi - industrial environment. The group consisted of two robotic vehicles those were capable of carrying certain loads and supply them to a predefined unloading location. An imaginary industrial environment was prepared in the laboratory and the robots went through several successful test runs which validated the efficiency and capability of the prototypes. The robots were prepared mostly with locally available materials and technology to reduce the expenditure. The manufacturing process also covered the use of appropriate technology. Both the robots were microcontroller operated and were re-programmable for introducing the possible changes those could happen in the industrial environment. The test runs were performed by programming them for maneuvering through both linear and curved trajectories. They consisted of tactile sensor feedback control to refine their positions in the destinations and deliver the load in an accurate orientation. The research proved the possibility of developing Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) for the logistics purposes of local industries within a moderate cost limit. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	7	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	AGVS,Appropriate technology,Automated guided vehicles,Industrial logistics
Multi AGV hybrid path planning using fuzzy inference systems	2010	2010 The 2nd International Conference on Computer and Automation Engineering, ICCAE 2010	Path planning is one of the most important fields of research in the area of robotics. In this paper, a path planning method for a certain type of wheeled mobile robots called automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is proposed. The proposed model applies fuzzy control techniques to navigate multi AGVs in an unknown environment to reach certain destinations by using hybrid. 2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Fuzzy logic,Moving obstacles,Path planning
An effective heuristic for the integrated scheduling problem of automated container handling system using twin 40' cranes	2010	ICCMS 2010 - 2010 International Conference on Computer Modeling and Simulation	An integrated equipment scheduling model of automated container terminal is proposed in this paper. The Automated Container Handling System studied here is proposed by ZPMC, a world-famous manufacturer of cranes and large steel structures and is composed by automatic quayside cranes, automatic yard cranes and a railed container transporting system. The most outstanding difference of this container handling system is the use of twin 40′ cranes which can grab two 40′ containers at on time. The integrated scheduling model proposed in this paper is characterized by generating equipment scheduling plan together with yard storage plan and vessel stowage plan, handles the twin 40′ container operation and having the capability to solve large scale problem. The objective is to minimize the turn around time of every container ship staying in the berth. An effective heuristic method was proposed to attack the problem in this paper. The numerical experiment shows the efficient performance and satisfying result.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	10	Computer Science (all),Theoretical Computer Science	Automatic container terminals,Container handling system,Heuristic algorithm,Integrated scheduling problem,Large scale problem optimization
A simulation study of a bi-directional load-exchangeable automated guided vehicle system	2010	Computers and Industrial Engineering	This paper proposes a new design for a bi-directional automated guided vehicle (AGV) system, in which two AGVs can exchange their loads, their scheduled transportation tasks, and even their vehicle numbers when they move in opposite directions. With this load-exchangeable AGV (EX-AGV) system, common problems such as conflicts and deadlocks will not occur; therefore, the load of an AGV is always on its shortest path, resulting in higher system performance and avoiding unnecessary waiting times and detours. An off-line mathematical model and on-line control rules are proposed for the EX-AGV system. A series of simulation experiments is carried out; the results show that the EX-AGV system performs efficiently and robustly.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	30	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AGV,Bi-directional,Deadlock,Flexible manufacturing,Simulation
Modeling distributed transportation systems composed of flexible automated guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing systems	2010	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	This paper proposes a methodology for modeling and controlling a flexible material handling system (MHS), composed of multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs), suitable for Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs). The AGVs incorporate artificial intelligent techniques to: i) facilitate the configuration and adaptation when there are layout modifications and ii) simplify the interaction between them using simple coordination models. In order to achieve higher flexibility, the MHS makes use of a decentralized navigation control, which increases autonomy and scalability, and a distributed Petri net for solving task allocation and traffic control problems. In order to facilitate the integration with the manufacturing processes, tasks dispatched by manufacturing cells are allocated by the MHS itself, taking into account pending transportation tasks and the system's performance. The whole system has been tested in a real factory and is currently in operational use.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	84	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Decentralized control,Flexible material handling systems,Multiple AGV systems,Petri net planning
Design of liveness-enforcing supervisors via transforming plant Petri net models of FMS	2010	Asian Journal of Control	This paper focuses on the deadlock prevention problems in a class of Petri nets, systems of simple sequential process with resources, S3PR for short. By structure analysis, we propose an approach that can transform a plant net model into a weighted S3PR (WS3PR) that is behaviorally equivalent to the plant model. The WS3PR is made to be live by properly reconfiguring its weight distribution such that its all strict minimal siphons are self-max'-controlled. The resulting WS3PR can serve as a livens-enforcing Petri net supervisor for the plant model after removing some idle and operation places. A live controlled system can be accordingly obtained by synchronizing a plant model and the places whose weights are regulated. This research shows that a small number of monitors is obtained, leading to more permissive behavior of the controlled system. Examples are used to demonstrate the proposed concepts and methods.  2010 John Wiley and Sons Asia Pte Ltd and Chinese Automatic Control Society.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Control and Systems Engineering	Deadlock prevention,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net,Siphon
Multiphase pickups for large lateral tolerance contactless power-transfer systems	2010	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	The majority of commercial contactless power-transfer systems used in manufacturing applications can only tolerate limited movement of the power pickup relative to the track to which it is magnetically coupled. This paper describes a new multiphase (quadrature) pickup that significantly improves the tolerance of the power receiver to such relative movement, enabling expanded applications such as continuously powered automatic guided vehicles, robots, and other vehicles to be considered. The advantage gained is largely independent of the track type, so that single-phase or multiphase tracks can be used as desired to improve both the power transfer and lateral tolerance as required. The improvement is achieved by capturing both vertical and horizontal components of magnetic flux around any track.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Arab Emirates	183	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Contactless power transfer,Magnetically coupled systems
New controllability condition for siphons in a class of generalised Petri nets	2010	IET Control Theory and Applications	Over the last two decades, a number of deadlock control policies based on Petri nets were proposed for flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). As a structural object of a Petri net, siphons are widely used in deadlock control. For system of sequential systems with shared resources (S4R), the current deadlock control policies based on max or max′-controlled siphons tend to overly restrict the behaviour of a controlled system. The controllability conditions of a siphon are relaxed by a new concept called max″-controlled ones. We conclude that an S4R is live if all its siphons are max″-controlled. Compared with the existing ones, the proposed one is more general. Examples are given to illustrate it.  2010 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Process vs resource-oriented Petri net modeling of automated manufacturing systems	2010	Asian Journal of Control	Since the 1980s, Petri nets (PN) have been widely used to model automated manufacturing systems (AMS) for analysis, performance evaluation, simulation, and control. They are mostly based on process-oriented modeling methods and thus termed as process-oriented PN (POPN) in this paper. The recent study of deadlock avoidance problems in AMS led to another type of PN called resource-oriented PN (ROPN). This paper, for the first time, compares these two modeling methods and resultant models in terms of modeling power, model complexity for analysis and control, and some critical properties. POPN models the part production processes straightforwardly, while ROPN is more compact and effective for deadlock resolution. The relations between these two models are investigated. Several examples are used to illustrate them.  2010 John Wiley and Sons Asia Pte Ltd and Chinese Automatic Control Society.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	38	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems,Petri nets,System modeling
A neural network multiagent architecture applied to industrial networks for dynamic allocation of control strategies using standard function blocks	2010	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	This paper presents a multiagent architecture applied to factory automation. These agents detect faults in automated processes and allocate intelligent algorithms in field device function blocks (FBs) to solve these faults. We also present a dynamic FB parameter exchange strategy that allows agent fieldbus allocation. This architecture is a foundation for intelligent physical agents standard-based agent platform developed using Foundation Fieldbus technology. The aim is to enable problem detection activities, independent of user intervention. The use of artificial neural network (ANN)-based algorithms enables the agents to learn about fault patterns and adapt an algorithm that can be used in fault situations. Thus, we intend to reduce supervisor intervention in selecting and implementing an appropriate structure for FB algorithms. Furthermore, these algorithms, when implemented in device FBs, provide a solution at the fieldbus level, reducing data traffic between gateway and device, and speeding up the process of problem resolution. We also show some examples of our approach. The first is a neural network architecture change that allocates different types of neural networks in field devices without interrupting the fieldbus network operation. The second shows a multiagent architecture that implements the neural network change in a laboratory test process, where fault scenarios have been simulated.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automation,Fieldbus foundation,LabVIEW,Multiagent systems (MASs)
Leader-follower formation control of multiple non-holonomic mobile robots incorporating a receding-horizon scheme	2010	International Journal of Robotics Research	In this paper we present a receding-horizon leader-follower (RH-LF) control framework to solve the formation problem of multiple non-holonomic mobile robots with a rapid error convergence rate. To maintain the desired leader-follower relationship, we propose a separation-bearing-orientation scheme (SBOS) for two-robot formations and separation-separation-orientation scheme (SSOS) for three-robot formations in deriving the desired postures of the followers. Unlike the other leader-follower approaches in the existing literature, the orientation deviations between the leaders and followers are explicitly controlled in our framework, which enables us to successfully solve formation controls when robots move backwards, which is termed as a formation backwards problem in this paper. Further, we propose to incorporate the receding-horizon scheme into our leader-follower controller to yield a fast convergence rate of the formation tracking errors. Experiments are finally performed on a group of mobile robots to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed formation control framework.  2010 The Author(s).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	186	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Formation,Leader- follower,Multiple mobile robots,Receding horizon.
A survey of berth allocation and quay crane scheduling problems in container terminals	2010	European Journal of Operational Research	Due to the variety of technical equipments and terminal layouts, research has produced a multitude of optimization models for seaside operations planning in container terminals. To provide a support in modeling problem characteristics and in suggesting applicable algorithms this paper reviews the relevant literature. For this purpose new classification schemes for berth allocation problems and quay crane scheduling problems are developed. Particular focus is put on integrated solution approaches which receive increasing importance for the terminal management.  2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	472	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Berth allocation,Container terminal operations,Integrated planning,Problem classification,Quay crane assignment,Quay crane scheduling
Filtered beam search based flexible job shop scheduling problem with transportation time	2010	Advanced Materials Research	Classical flexible job-shop scheduling problem (FJSP) does not consider the transportation time of jobs movement among different machines, which reduces the potential significance of its practical applications. This paper defines an FJSP problem with transportation time incurred by movement of jobs with one Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) and one Load/Unload (L/U) station. A filtered beam search (FBS) based meta-heuristic algorithm is presented to solve this problem. The detailed procedure of the algorithm is described, and an example is shown to illustrate the algorithm. Finally, preliminary experimental results with comparisons of other dispatching rules demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed algorithm for the FJSP with transportation time.  (2010) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Filtered beam search,Flexible job shop scheduling,Material Handling Device (MHD),Transportation time
Development of automated guided vehicles for industrial logistics applications in developing countries using appropriate technology	2010	International Journal of Mechanical and Mechanics Engineering	With the advancements of robotic technologies, the industrial environments are adopting more and more aspects of automation to enhance product quality and accuracy and to reduce product cost. One of these aspects is the use of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) which is gaining importance in industrial logistics and transportation systems. However, in case of developing countries like Bangladesh, the development and utilization of such sophisticated systems are not always cost effective. An initiative was taken to design and fabricate a group of low cost automated guided vehicles to perform logistics in a quasi - industrial environment. The group consisted of two robotic vehicles that were capable of carrying certain workpieces and supplying these to a predefined unloading location. These robots were microcontroller operated and were reprogrammable to accommodate the possible changes those in real industrial environment. Test runs were performed by programming these for maneuvering through both linear and curved trajectories. An imaginary industrial environment was prepared in the laboratory and the robots went through several successful test runs that validated the effectiveness of the prototypes. The research highlights the possibility of AGVs for the logistics purposes at reasonable cost using appropriate technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Engineering (all)	Appropriate technology,Automated guided vehicles,Industrial logistics
An inter-machine material handling system for micro-manufacturing based on using a standard carrier	2010	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Lack of standardization is often a key problem area limiting the applications of any new automated microhandling technology, due to that equipment makers may have to spend an excessive amount of time and resources to customize automation solutions. Carrier-based material handling systems provide product-independent solutions. Product independency is an essential requirement for reusing material handling systems, because they allow product change without mechanical changes in the transport devices. This paper describes a new automated inter-machine material handling system for micro-manufacturing integration, based on the standard carrier DIN-32561. The main task of the system is to transport (full/empty) carriers between different stations/machines in a micro-manufacturing plant, to integrate assembly and manufacturing. The authors designed a conveyor belt and an automated guided vehicle system to fit into a linear pick-and-place micro-manufacturing plant. Prototypes of the different components were then developed and tested.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Automation,Conveyors,Material handling system,Micromanufacturing,Standard carrier
Scheduling with single AGV and single buffer area for flexible production system	2010	Shanghai Jiaotong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Shanghai Jiaotong University	To deal with the flexible production system scheduling problem, a new scheduling model was proposed based on the constrains of the single AGV and single buffer area. The strategy of the AGV scheduling was illustrated and the math model with the combination of job scheduling and AGV scheduling was constructed. To solve this model, a modified genetic algorithm was proposed to improve the average machine efficiency by optimizing its gene order. The result of scheduling is not only the jobs processing sequence in every workstation, but the move path of AGV. The experiment results show better computational performance of the proposed algorithm. Equipment utilization is also improved under the same experiment conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Multidisciplinary	Automatic guidance vehicle (AGV),Flexible production system,Genetic algorithm,Scheduling
A design support system for discrete production systems with AGVs -Object-oriented simulator generator and acquisition of AGV control rules using reinforcement learning-	2010	Kagaku Kogaku Ronbunshu	A simulation-based approach is one of the most effective ways of solving design problems of production systems under uncertain conditions. However, a simulator generating system is indispensable to employ this approach. Also, such a generator is required to devise an appropriate operational rule set for each simulator. In this work, a design support system was developed using object-oriented technique, which composes simulators with various configurations of software components. Reinforcement learning was adopted in order to obtain a rule set for operating each of composed simulators. Verification and evaluation of effectiveness of the method was confirmed through a series of experiments (design of lanes and locations of machines, acquisition of proper control rules of vehicles) using an automated guarded vehicle system (AGVS) as a model system. Copyright  2010 The Society of Chemical Engineers, Japan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Chemistry (all),Chemical Engineering (all)	AGV,CAD/CAM,Object-oriented,Reinforcement learning
Stability of ground vehicles with steering angle and driver-like controllers	2010	International Journal of Electrical Engineering	This paper proposes a steering system with two angle controllers to compensate for the characteristics of the sideslip angle and the yaw rate of body and with H∞ driver-like model to monitor system performance for a front-wheeled steering (FWS) ground vehicle. Additionally, the two-type exceptional driver-like models, H∞ controller and conventional controller, are proposed to simulate human driver behavior. The proposed steering structure with two angle controllers and H∞ driver-like model controller can effectively steer the ground vehicle and minimizes deviation of the lateral po-sition. Finally, in simulation result, the system performance with H∞ the driver-like controller outperforms the conventional driver-like controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Drive-like model controller,FWS ground vehicle,Two angle controllers
A closed-form solution for schedulability and optimal scheduling of dual-arm cluster tools with wafer residency time constraint based on steady schedule analysis	2010	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	Because of wafer residency time constraints for cluster tools, it is very difficult to schedule them. This paper addresses their scheduling issues and conducts their schedulability and scheduling analysis. A Petri net (PN) model is developed to model them. With this model, to schedule a dual-arm cluster tool with wafer residency time constraints is to determine when and how long the robot should wait for. Based on the model, necessary and sufficient conditions under which the system is schedulable are presented. The conditions can be checked analytically. Meanwhile, an algorithm is developed for the optimal scheduling of dual-arm cluster tools. The algorithm finds an optimal periodic schedule with closed form expressions if it is schedulable. A method is also presented for the implementation of the obtained cyclic schedule by appropriately controlling the initial transient process. Examples are presented to show the application and power of the theory and algorithm.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	136	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,Cluster tool,Petri nets (PNs),Scheduling,Semiconductor manufacturing
Design and development of intelligent autonomous robots	2010	Studies in Computational Intelligence	The present chapter deals with the issues related to design and development of autonomous mobile robots. One of the major issues in developing an intelligent and autonomous robot is to design an appropriate scheme for planning its motion without any human intervention. Both conventional potential field method as well as soft computing-based approaches have been developed for the said purpose. Initially, the performances of all the approaches have been studied through computer simulations. Thereafter, real experiments are conducted to test the effectiveness of the said approaches. A camera-based vision system has been used to collect information of the environment, while carrying out the real experiments.  2010 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	India	2	Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous mobile robots,Genetic-fuzzy system,Genetic-neural system,Neuro-fuzzy system,Potential field method
Robot navigation and obstacle detection in pipelines using time-of-flight imagery	2010	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Range imagery provided by time-of-flight (TOF) cameras has been shown to be useful to facilitate robot navigation in several applications. Visual navigation for autonomous pipeline inspection robots is a special case of such a task, where the cramped operating environment influences the range measurements in a detrimental way. Inherent in the imaging system are also several defects that will lead to a smearing of range measurements. This paper sketches an approach for using TOF cameras as a visual navigation aid in pipelines, and addresses the challenges concerning the inherent defects in the imaging system and the impact of the operating environment. New results on our previously proposed strategy for detecting and tracking possible landmarks and obstacles in pipelines are presented. We consider an explicit model for correcting lens distortions, and use this to explain why the cylindrical pipe is perceived as a cone. A simplified model, which implicitly handles the combined effects of the environment and the camera on the measured ranges by adjusting for the conical shape, is used to map the robot's environment into an along-axis-view relative to the pipe, which facilitates obstacle traversal. Experiments using a model pipeline and a prototype camera rig are presented.  2010 Copyright SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Controlling the navigation of automatic guided vehicle (AGV) using integrated Fuzzy logic controller with programmable logic controller (IFLPLC) - Stage 1	2010	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Material handling in manufacturing systems is becoming easier as the automated machine technology is improved. Nowadays, most of the research aims at increasing the flexibility and improving the performance of the automatic guided vehicle (AGV). In this paper, designed and made AGV in the Industrial Control Laboratory in Royce Lab at the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology will be presented. For controlling the navigation of the AGV, a newly developed controller integrated fuzzy logic with programmable logic controller will be used. By using integrated fuzzy logic controller with programmable logic controller (IFLPLC), the flexibility of AGV will be increased and we achieved great advantages, which can be used in future. Since this AGV uses programmable logic controller and fuzzy logic controllers together, then it will be useful for factories which implement flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Online maintenance and sending the commands to other machines from AGV and so on are the advantages that can be used in FMS. The aim of this paper is to propose the practical example of IFLPLC. The designed AGV is able to reach the target. Further researches are required for collision avoidance and selecting the best way in FMS.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Fuzzy logic,Fuzzy logic controllers (FLC),Programmable logic controller
An improved strategy to solve shop deadlock problem based on the study on existing benchmark recovery strategies	2010	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In this paper, we study the effect of various benchmark deadlock recovery strategies, and we find that each of these recovery strategies either results into another kind of deadlock or results into very high handling cost and long handling time. We also propose a new improved strategy in order to solve the shop deadlock problem through the use of both automated guided vehicle and a central buffer. To the best knowledge of the authors, till date, no research study has been performed to propose any such strategy in this regard or to study the effect of several deadlock recovery strategies altogether. Simulation result shows that the proposed strategy performs better than the existing benchmark recovery strategies and provides much improved solution to the shop deadlock problem, resulting into considerable reduction in handling time and cost and better handling of jobs in central buffer compared to various benchmark deadlock recovery strategies available in the literature.  2009 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Automated manufacturing system (AMS),Central buffer,Shop deadlock
Task scheduling of AGV in FMS using non-traditional optimization techniques	2010	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS), which is equipped with several CNC machines and Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) based material handling system is designed and implemented to gain the flexibility and efficiency of production. After the implementation of FMS, in practice, the scheduling of the resources, such as frequent variation in the parts, tools, AGV routings, becomes a complex task. This is being done traditionally using various mathematical programming techniques. In recent years, random search algorithms have been attempted for scheduling. Most of the research has been emphasized only on single objective optimization. Multi objective problems in scheduling with conflicting objectives are more complex and combinatorial in nature and hardly have a unique solution. This paper addresses multi objective task scheduling of AGV in a flexible manufacturing environment using nontraditional optimization algorithms. In this paper the authors made an attempt to find the nearoptimum schedule for two AGVs based on the balanced workload and the minimum traveling time for maximum utilization. The proposed methods are exemplified with illustrations. (Received in March 2009, accepted in September 2009. This paper was with the authors 3 months for 1 revision.).	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	34	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Ant colony optimization algorithm,Flexible Manufacturing System,Genetic algorithm,Task scheduling
Optimization algorithm of a liveness-enforcing supervisor for flexible manufacturing systems	2010	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To reduce the computation complexity during the design process of the supervisor for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS), an optimization algorithm was presented. The number of linear programming problems (LPP) to be solved was reduced greatly. It was proved that, for any normal net system, the number of monitors to be added was less than the smaller of the number of separation instances and |T|+1. According to the algorithm proposed, a simplified liveness-enforcing supervisor with maximal permissive behavior was obtained.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems,Linear programming,Marking/transition separation instances,Petri nets,Theory of regions
An analysis of dual-kanban just-in-time systems in a non-repetitive environment	2010	Production and Operations Management	Recent advances in approaches and production technologies for the production of goods and services have made justin-time (JIT) a strong alternative for use in intermittent and small batch production systems, especially when time-based competition is the norm and a low inventory is a must. However, the conventional JIT system is designed for mass production with a stable master production schedule. This paper suggests supplementing the information provided by production kanbans with information about customer waiting lines to be used by operators to schedule production in each workstation of intermittent and small batch production systems. This paper uses simulation to analyze the effect of four scheduling policy variables-number of kanbans, length of the withdrawal cycle, information about customer waiting lines, and priority rules on two performance measures-customer wait-time and inventory. The results show that using information about customer waiting lines reduces customer wait-time by about 30% while also reducing inventory by about 2%. In addition, the effect of information about customer waiting lines overshadows the effect of priority rules on customer wait-time and inventory.  2009 Production and Operations Management Society.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	9	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Just-in-time,Non-repetitive production,Scheduling,Shop floor control,Simulation
A constraint programming model for the scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems with machine and tool limitations	2010	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	This contribution presents an integrated constraint programming (CP) model to tackle the problems of tool allocation, machine loading, part routing, and scheduling in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). The formulation, which is able to take into account a variety of constraints found in industrial environments, as well as several objective functions, has been successfully applied to the solution of various case studies of different sizes. Though some of the problem instances have bigger sizes than the examples reported to date in literature, very good-quality solutions were reached in quite reasonable CPU times. This good computational performance is due to two essential characteristics of the proposed model. The most significant one is the use of two sets of two-index variables to capture manufacturing activities instead of having just one set of four indexes. Thus, dimensionality is greatly reduced. The other relevant feature is the fact that the model relies on an indirect representation of tool needs by means of tool types, thus avoiding the consideration of tool copies.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Argentina	40	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Computer-integrated manufacturing,Constraint programming,Flexible manufacturing systems,Multi-objective,Resource-constrained systems,Scheduling
Learning-based scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems using support vector machines	2010	Applied Artificial Intelligence	Dispatching rules are usually applied to dynamically schedule jobs in flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). Despite their frequent use a significant drawback is that the performance level of the rule is dictated by the current state of the manufacturing system. Because no rule is better than any other for every system state, it would be highly desirable to know which rule is the most appropriate for each given condition. To achieve this goal we propose a scheduling approach using support vector machines (SVMs). By using this technique and by analyzing the earlier performance of the system, "scheduling knowledge" is obtained whereby the right dispatching rule at each particular moment can be determined. Simulation results show that the proposed approach leads to significant performance improvements over existing dispatching rules. In the same way it is also confirmed that SVMs perform better than other traditional machine learning algorithms as the inductive learning when applied to FMS scheduling problem, due to their better generalization capability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	10	Artificial Intelligence	None
Automated modeling of dynamic reliability block diagrams using colored Petri nets	2010	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	Computer system reliability is conventionally modeled and analyzed using techniques such as fault tree analysis and reliability block diagrams (RBDs), which provide static representations of system reliability properties. A recent extension to RBDs, called dynamic RBDs (DRBD), defines a framework for modeling the dynamic reliability behavior of computer-based systems. However, analyzing a DRBD model in order to locate and identify design errors, such as a deadlock error or faulty state, is not trivial when done manually. A feasible approach to verifying it is to develop its formal model and then analyze it using programmatic methods. In this paper, we first define a reliability markup language that can be used to formally describe DRBD models. Then, we present an algorithm that automatically converts a DRBD model into a colored Petri net. We use a case study to illustrate the effectiveness of our approach and demonstrate how system properties of a DRBD model can be verified using an existing Petri net tool. Our formal modeling approach is compositional; thus, it provides a potential solution to automated verification of DRBD models.  2009 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	92	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated verification,Colored Petri net (CPN),Deadlock detection,Extensible markup language (XML),Formal modeling and analysis,Reliability block diagram (RBD),System reliability,Time Petri net
A framework for selection of material handling equipment in manufacturing and logistics facilities	2010	Journal of Manufacturing Technology Management	Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to assist facility design practitioners, industrial managers, and expert systems (ES) developers identify important issues to consider and actions to follow in the selection of material handling (MH) equipment, overcome limitations of existing equipment selection approaches, and design complete MH systems. Design/methodology/approach - A framework that specifies the steps that have to be taken in the selection of MH equipment is suggested. It identifies categories of equipment based on all handling-related functions performed in a facility, which allows consideration of various categories of equipment, and selects equipment classes and types from among candidates based on user requirements and objectives. Findings - The suggested framework is capable of producing a wide range of equipment that performs various functions in a facility, and satisfies requirements and objectives without the need for using large data bases. Applying it requires cooperation of facility managers and designers. Research limitations/ implications - Some of the steps of the suggested framework require further investigation and research. Practical implications - Facility design practitioners, industrial managers, and developers of ES can make better selection among a large number of MH equipment and design complete systems by relying on functions performed in a facility, requirements, and objectives. Originality/value - A framework for selection of MH equipment is lacking in the literature. This paper fills a gap by presenting design issues and organized steps that practitioners, managers, and expert system developers working on selection of MH equipment have to address and follow in order to design complete MH systems.  Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Oman	21	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Industrial design,Materials handling equipment
GTA/based framework for evaluating the feasibility of transition to FMS	2010	Journal of Manufacturing Technology Management	Purpose – Today's volatile condition of the market is forcing the manufacturing organizations to adapt the flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) to meet the challenges imposed by international competition, ever/changing customer demands, rapid delivery to market, and advancement in technology. There are certain enablers, which help in the implementation of FMS or in the transition process from traditional manufacturing system to FMS. The utmost need is to analyze the behavior of these enablers for their effective utilization in the implementation of FMS. This paper aims to address these issues. Design/methodology/approach – This paper presents a methodology based on graph theoretical approach for finding the feasibility of transition to FMS for any industry. A universal feasibility index of transition (FIT) is proposed that evaluates and ranks different organizations according to their capability to be converted into FMS. This FIT value is obtained from a permanent feasibility function obtained from an enablers' digraph of FMS. Findings – The major finding of this paper is that one can judge whether a particular industry is fit for FMS or not by calculating its FIT value. This FIT value can also be utilized in ranking different industries for their possible transition to FMS. Practical implications – The FIT obtained from a permanent function indicates the strength of enablers and their inter/relations. More is the value of this index; more will be suitability of that organization for FMS adoption. In this way, managers can judge that a particular organization is suitable or fit for FMS implementation or not, without making the huge investments for such a complex production system and thus, minimize their risks. Originality/value – Identification, classification of enablers into some important categories, and their analysis is a unique and innovative effort in the area of FMS.  2010, Emerald Group Publishing Limited	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	18	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems,Graph theory
Design of a sliding mode controller for an automatic guided vehicle and its implementation	2010	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	In this paper, a control scheme that combines a kinematic controller and a sliding mode dynamic controller with external disturbances is proposed for an automatic guided vehicle to track a desired trajectory with a specified constant velocity. It provides a method of taking into account specific mobile robot dynamics to convert desired velocity control inputs into torques for the actual mobile robot. First, velocity control inputs are designed for the kinematic controller to make the tracking error vector asymptotically stable. Then, a sliding mode dynamic controller is designed such that the mobile robot's velocities converge to the velocity control inputs. The control law is obtained based on the backstepping technique. System stability is proved using the Lyapunov stability theory. In addition, a scheme for measuring the errors using a USB camera is described. The simulation and experimental results are presented to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed controller.  ICROS, KIEE and Springer 2010.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	31	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicle (agv),Lyapunov function,Sliding mode controller
A constructive heuristic for the integrated scheduling of machines and multiple-load material handling equipment in job shops	2010	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper extends the traditional job shop scheduling problem (JSP) by incorporating the routing and scheduling decisions of the material handling equipment. It provides a generic definition and a mixed integer linear programming model for the problem considering the case of heterogeneous multiple-load material handling equipment. A constructive heuristic is developed for solving the problem. This heuristic is based on the well-known Giffler and Thompson's algorithm for the JSP with modifications that account for the routing decisions of the material handling equipment and their effect on the start times of the manufacturing operations. Different dispatching rules are integrated into the heuristic, and experiments are conducted to study their effect on the makespan along with the determination of the computational time requirements of the developed heuristic.  2009 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Job shop scheduling,Material handling,Pickup and delivery problem,Vehicle routing
Analysis of wafer sojourn time in dual-arm cluster tools with residency time constraint and activity time variation	2010	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	When scheduling cluster tools under wafer residency time constraints, wafer sojourn time in a processing module should be carefully controlled such that it is in a permissive range. Activity time variation often results in wafer sojourn time fluctuation and makes an originally feasible schedule infeasible. Thus, it is very important to know how the wafer sojourn time changes when activity time varies. With bounded activity time variation considered, this paper conducts a detailed analysis of wafer sojourn time variation in dual-arm cluster tools. To do so, a Petri net (PN) model and a real-time control policy are presented. Based on the PN model, real-time operational architecture, and real-time control policy, this paper analyzes the effect of activity time variation on wafer sojourn time delay at a process module and presents its upper bounds. The upper bounds are given in an analytical form and can be easily evaluated. With the wafer sojourn time analysis, it is possible to develop an effective method for schedulability analysis and optimal steady-state scheduling. An example is used to show the applications of the proposed approach.  2010 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	75	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems,Cluster tool,Discrete event systems,Modeling and analysis,Petri net,Schedulability analysis,Scheduling
3D path planning for a biomass processing robot via motion simulation	2010	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	Six motion strategies for a Cartesian 4-degrees-of-freedom (4-DOF) biomass processing robot were developed. Each of the corresponding trajectories consists of more than 1300 three-dimensional coordinate points. The motion strategies were evaluated due to their efficiency to select the most promising one for being embedded into the control system of the robot. For evaluation, an algorithm was developed calculating different evaluation parameters such as total cycle time, covered distance and no-load time. The best strategy was able to perform the task within 23 h. The total covered distance within this time period amounts to 33 km. The efficiency of the motion strategy in terms of load- and no-load time phases was ε=57% and has to be enhanced during further research. By doubling maximum velocity to 60 m min-1 in longitudinal direction (x) and to 20 m min-1 in transverse direction (y) the total cycle time would be reduced additionally by maximum 20%.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Biomass,Cartesian,Greenhouse,Motion,Path,Planning,Robot,Simulation
Decentralised state feedback design for large-scale linear systems subject to input saturation	2010	IET Control Theory and Applications	This study considers the design of decentralised controllers for large-scale linear systems under actuator saturation. Saturation in the magnitude of the control input is first considered. For the closed-loop system under a saturating decentralised state feedback law, conditions are identified under which an ellipsoid is contractively invariant and thus within the domain of attraction, or the restricted L2 gain from the disturbance to the output is less than or equal to a pre-specified value γ. Based on these conditions, the designs of decentralised state feedback laws that achieve large domains of attraction or low L2 gains can be formulated as optimisation problems with bilinear matrix inequality (BMI) constraints. Numerical algorithms are developed to solve these BMI problems. These developments are also extended to the situation where the inputs are subject to nested saturation, such as simultaneous actuator magnitude and rate saturation. Throughout the study, numerical examples are used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed design method.  2010 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Hoist Scheduling Problem	2010	Production Scheduling	Introduction Physical system and production constraints Hoist scheduling problems Modeling and resolution Resolution of other problems presented Conclusion Bibliography Appendix: Notation  2008 ISTE Ltd.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	France	8	Engineering (all)	Electrolytic baths,Electroplating systems,Scheduling problems,Scientific community,Scientific literature
Automotive assembly technologies review: challenges and outlook for a flexible and adaptive approach	2010	CIRP Journal of Manufacturing Science and Technology	In this paper, emerging technologies in the automotive assembly are discussed, along with techniques used in the vehicle assembly plants. The discussion involves technologies directly dealing with assembly processes such as handling, joining, human resources etc. as well as with supporting systems, mainly the information technologies. An overview of the existing technologies is provided. The assembly systems are unable to cope with the requirements of mass customization and need to be enriched with new technologies for a higher flexibility potential. Concepts integrating various new technologies into supporting both automated and human based assembly operations are presented and discussed versus this identified inability for mass customization. Future assembly plants need to utilize flexibility systematically, both for the system design and its operation. For this purpose, a close loop approach is discussed.  2009 CIRP.	Journal	j	re	Review	Greece	201	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptability,Assembly technologies,Automotive assembly,Flexibility
Multistep optimal scheduling of Automated Guided Vehicles in a semiconductor fabrication	2010	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	This paper presents a method to solve the optimal scheduling problem of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). The problem is formulated into an integer programming problem by focusing a summation of idling time when an AGV does not operate any dispatching commands of transportation. However, there remains undecided constants exist in some constraints. Therefore, we propose a multistep algorithm to solve the problem with a relaxation to multiple steps. A numerical simulation is also presented here.  2010 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	0-1 integer programming problem,Automated Guided Vehicle,Component,Dispatching,Scheduling,Semiconductor fabrication
Study on the guidance control system of inductively powered automatic guided vehicle	2010	EVS 2010 - Sustainable Mobility Revolution: 25th World Battery, Hybrid and Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition	For Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) powered by Inductively Coupled Power Transfer (ICPT), the location accuracy and control rapidity of the electromagnetic-guided system is not enough due to the nonlinear distribution of the electromagnetic field, the slide between wheels and ground, the inconsistency of the motor speed performance and so on. This paper proposes a four-coil pickup topology for the location accuracy and power pickup, and then designs the adaptive fuzzy PID controller to replace the conventional PID controller for the improvement of the control rapidity. The simulation results show that the new guidance control system has better control performances on the rapidity and stability than the conventional PID control guidance system with two electromagnetic detectors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications	Adaptive fuzzy control,Automated guided vehicle,Electromagnetic-guided,Location
Flexible internal logistics based on AGV system's: A case study	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) are self-driven vehicles used to transport material between workstations in the shop floor without the help of an operator, although they can also be applied in security and exploration. They are widely used in material handling systems and flexible manufacturing systems, where production orders are constantly changing. Today, and due to the constant development of technology, sophisticated machinery is increasingly available, thus enabling manufacturing firms to achieve significant process and setup time reductions. With this development, enterprises are encouraged to leave mass production approaches and start adopting small productions lot sizes, leading to constant changes in the production operation's sequences as well as changes in the factory layout. As a consequence of the development of technology, products started to spend a big percentage of time in the queue line or being transported from one workstation/storage to another. With the introduction of AGVs production process flexibility may increase, which, in many productions processes, is still below the expectations due to the used transportation system (ex: conveyors). At the same time, with the AGVs it is possible, to decrease transportations times and costs. In this article, we will study by means of simulation, the impact of the use of an AGV transportation based system in an industrial coating application. The AGV will be responsible for transporting the parts from the system's entrance to the workstations. With this, flexibility in the production process will increase, which will be reflected in system's productivity.  2010 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	3	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles in FMS using differential evolution	2010	International Journal of Production Research	This paper addresses the problem of simultaneous scheduling of machines and two identical automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). For solving this problem, a new meta-heuristic differential evolution (DE) algorithm is proposed. The problem consists of two interrelated problems, scheduling of machines and scheduling of AGVs. A simultaneous scheduling of these, in order to minimise the makespan will result in a FMS being able to complete all the jobs assigned to it at the earliest time possible, thus saving resources. An increase in the performance of the FMS under consideration would be expected as a result of making the scheduling of AGVs as an integral part of the overall scheduling activity. The algorithm is tested by using problems generated by various researchers and the makespan obtained by the algorithm is compared with that obtained by other researchers and analysed.  2010 Taylor and Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	45	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Differential evolution,Flexible manufacturing systems,Scheduling of machines and AGVs and makespan,Simultaneous scheduling
Logistics transport routing planning in reconfigurable manufacturing system	2010	Tongji Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Tongji University	Based on an analysis of logistics layout in reconfigurable manufacturing system, a method of the dynamic routing planning is proposed for automated guided vehicle(AGV) according to the spatial distribution feature of logistics transport network. Directed graph network model of AGV routing planning was built based on graph theory. Workshop circumstance information was described by the relative position matrix of machine tools, the distance matrix and congestion coefficient. Through reconfiguring system, the transport distance can be shortened effectually. Specific to dynamic change of logistics transport road network, the whole transport network was partitioned with different sub-road networks, and those including transport nodes near the changed location were optimized to obtain best transport routing rapidly. Simulating result verifies the validity and celerity of this method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Multidisciplinary	Automated guided vehicle(AGV),Dijkstra algorithm,Reconfigurable manufacturing system,Routing planning
Coordination of multiple robots with assigned paths	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper describes a method for coordinating the motions of a group of robots following predefined paths in a common workspace. Coordination Diagrams (CD) are used for representing the possible collisions among the robots. We propose an algorithm that computes a complete coordination plan for the overall missions that each vehicle has to execute. The algorithm generates a set of possible coordination plans and then gives the optimal one. Previous works apply traditional path planning techniques (such as D* or A*) to compute a coordinated motion. However these techniques do not take into account the fact that the CD has a cylindrical structure. This features enables our algorithm to explore the CD in a more efficient way.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Mobile robots,Traffic control,Trajectory planning
Implementation issues of AGVs in flexible manufacturing system : A review	2010	Global Journal of Flexible Systems Management	The future success of a manufacturing endeavor is likely to be determined by the speed and efficiency with which it incorporates new technologies into its operations. The objectives of production planning have shifted from how fast parts can be made to how efficiently parts can be transported between stations and in and out of storage. The responsibility for efficient work flow falls on the material handling system. Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems have gained widespread use and their importance for material handling is expected to grow rapidly. The advantages that such systems can offer include easier interface with other automated systems such as flexible manufacturing system. This paper presents a review on implementation issues of automated guided vehicle systems in flexible manufacturing system context. These issues will be discussed under design, panning and control strategies that arise in AGV system. In addition, we propose a integrated framework for implementation of automated guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing system.  2010, Global Institute of Flexible Systems Management.	Journal	j	re	Review	India	6	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management	Automated guided vehicle,Design,Flexible manufacturing system,Planning and control strategies
Developing an auto-tracking automated guided vehicle carrier using a wave-varied detecting method	2010	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part C: Journal of Mechanical Engineering Science	Robots are widely used in modern industrial manufacturing, in households, in the entertainment sector, and in the security sector. In recent times, because of the increasing lifetime for old people, the concept of lifestyles of health and sustainability is prevailing. To facilitate a heavily loaded hand-carrier when aged people are travelling or working outside, an intelligent automated guided vehicle (AGV) is necessary. In this article, an intelligent and interactive AGV is developed. In order to develop the auto-tracking carrier for an AGV within an unlimited working space, a dynamic distance measuring system using the speed variation between a radio wave and an ultrasonic wave propagating in the air is adopted. The microchip PIC 18F452 is used as the control core. To facilitate the targeted functions, interactivity in conjunction with high quality sensors plays an essential role. By using a wireless transmitter (radio ray) and an ultrasonic transmitter on the user's waist angled towards the sensors at the front of the AGV, the distance between the user and the AGV can be calculated. To avoid colliding with a barrier, an ultrasonic transmitter is installed on both sides of the AGV. Subsequently, a controller based on fuzzy thinking will actuate the motor's motion enabling it to follow and dodge barriers. Consequently, a prototype AGV has been manufactured and successfully tested in the laboratory.  2010 Authors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	4	Mechanical Engineering	auto-tracking,automated guided vehicle,carrier,infrared rays,lifestyles of health and sustainability,radio ray,speed variation,ultrasonic ray
Integrated design for automated guided vehicle systems using cooperative co-evolution	2010	Advanced Robotics	An integrated design process for automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems is proposed in this paper. There are two problems inherent in the design of systems: transporter routings and flow-path networks. They should both be solved at the same time because one depends on the other. In the present research, this issue is solved through cooperative co-evolution. For the development of co-evolution, some partner selection strategies and some evolving cycles, which are proper for design process, are evaluated. Both the transporter routing problems and the flow-path network problems are represented as different species, and a genetic algorithm is applied to them. AGV systems designed with this method are evaluated through simulations with real data. These simulations show that the proposed method makes it possible to improve the effectiveness of AGV systems.  2010 VSP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	8	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle system,Cooperative co-evolution,Flow-path network,Integrated design,Transporter routing
Modeling and calibration of automatic guided vehicle	2010	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	This paper presents a modeling of an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) to achieve an advanced control. The modeling includes 3 kinds of choices; a choice of input-output data pair from 15 candidate pairs, a choice of system identification technique form 5 candidate techniques, a choice of discrete to continuous transform method from 2 candidate methods. An approach for calibration between a statistical model and a physical model is also here. The models are combined according to the weight of AGV.  2010 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Calibration,Modeling,System identification
Path segmentation algorithm for automatic guided vehicle based on machine vision	2010	Key Engineering Materials	A novel path segmentation algorithm for automatic guided vehicle is designed by machine vision technology. Firstly, wiener filter based on parameter estimate is used to restore path image in HIS model. Secondly, mutivariate stepwise fitted regression method is adopted to smooth guide line edge of path image. It can be concluded that path guide line of automatic guided vehicle under industry surrounding may be recognized accurately through this way.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guidance,Image segmentation,Machine vision,Multivariable stepwise regression
Time windows based dynamic routing in multi-AGV systems	2010	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	This paper presents a dynamic routing method for supervisory control of multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) that are traveling within a layout of a given warehouse. In dynamic routing a calculated path particularly depends on the number of currently active AGVs' missions and their priorities. In order to solve the shortest path problem dynamically, the proposed routing method uses time windows in a vector form. For each mission requested by the supervisor, predefined candidate paths are checked if they are feasible. The feasibility of a particular path is evaluated by insertion of appropriate time windows and by performing the windows overlapping tests. The use of time windows makes the algorithm apt for other scheduling and routing problems. Presented simulation results demonstrate efficiency of the proposed dynamic routing. The proposed method has been successfully implemented in the industrial environment in a form of a multiple AGV control system. Note To Practitioners-The automated warehouses are the facilities which can be equipped with stationary and mobile robotic sections (e.g. palletization workcells and unmanned forklifts, respectively). The goals, such as the maximal production throughput, efficient utilization of all robotic subsystems and collision avoidance with accommodation to dynamic changes within the manufacturing process itself have been achieved by designing and implementing a supervisory controller whose main characteristics are the ability of dynamic routing and scheduling in accordance with the current status of a given shop floor layout. The maximal throughput is provided by applying a shortest path algorithm, while potential conflicts and deadlocks are resolved by using the time windows insertion and time windows overlapping check algorithms. Because of the safety reasons, the proposed supervisory controller is somewhat restrictive, allowing only one vehicle to reside at one arc at the time. The described multi-AGV control system was successfully installed and put in operation at several European factories.  2009 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Croatia	87	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Dynamic routing,Path feasibility,Time windows
A six sigma based multi-objective optimization for machine grouping control in flexible cellular manufacturing systems with guide-path flexibility	2010	Advances in Engineering Software	Effective design of automatic material handling devices is one of the most important decisions in flexible cellular manufacturing systems. Minimization of material handling operations could lead to optimization of overall operational costs. An automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a driverless vehicle used for the transportation of materials within a production plant partitioned into cells. The tandem layout is according to dividing workstations to some non-overlapping closed zones to which a tandem automated guided vehicle (TAGV) is allocated for internal transfers. This paper illustrates a non-linear multi-objective problem for minimizing the material flow intra and inter-loops and minimization of maximum amount of inter cell flow, considering the limitation of TAGV work-loading. For reducing variability of material flow and establishing balanced zone layout, some new constraints have been added to the problem based on six sigma approach. Due to the complexity of the machine grouping control problem, a modified ant colony optimization algorithm is used for solving this model. Finally, to validate the efficacy of the proposed model, numerical illustrations have been worked out.  2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	17	Software,Engineering (all)	Flexible cellular manufacturing system,Intra and inter-loop flow,Multi-objective optimization,Six sigma,Tandem automated guided vehicle
Assessing operator strategies for adjusting replan alerts in controlling multiple unmanned vehicles	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This study examined the impact of allowing an operator to adjust the rate of prompts to view automation-generated plans on operator performance and workload when supervising a decentralized network of heterogeneous unmanned vehicles. Background: Future unmanned vehicles systems will invert the operator-to-vehicle ratio so that one operator can control multiple vehicles with different capabilities, connected through a decentralized network. A previous experiment showed that higher rates of replan prompting led to higher workload and lower system performance. Poor performance was associated with a lack of operator consensus for when to accept the automation's suggested prompts for new plan consideration. Method: Three initial rates of replanning were tested on an existing, multiple unmanned vehicle simulation environment that leverages decentralized algorithms for vehicle routing and task allocation, in conjunction with human supervision. Operators were provided with the ability to adjust the rate of replanning. Results: The majority of the operators chose to adjust the rate at which they were prompted to replan. Operators favored particular replan intervals, no matter which initial replan interval they started at. It was found that different initial replan intervals produced differences in mission performance. In addition, increasing amounts of replanning caused the system to destroy more targets but do a poorer job at tracking targets. Conclusion: Operators have preferences for the rate at which they prefer to view automation-generated plans. Allowing operators to institute these preferences influenced the overall mission performance. Further research is necessary to determine the full impact of the operators' strategies for changing the replan intervals on net mission performance. Application: Future unmanned vehicles systems designs should incorporate the flexibility to allow operators to adjust the frequency at which the automation generates new plans for approval.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Automation,Decentralised systems,Human supervisory control,Human-machine interface,Mental workload,Multimachine,Routing algorithms
Dynamic adjustment of the traffic flow of AGVs in an automated container terminal	2010	Proceedings of the 10th IASTED International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Applications, AIA 2010	Automated guided vehicles (AGV) systems are used for the horizontal movement of containers in an automated container terminal. To achieve high productivity, it is critical to optimize the traffic flow of AGVs to minimize traffic congestion. AGVs are more vulnerable to traffic congestion in a container terminal environment than in a manufacturing system environment. AGV systems are traditionally used in a container terminal environment because a large number of AGVs can simultaneously travel in a limited area. In addition, since the operational conditions of AGVs change dynamically, the traffic flow of AGVs has to be continuously adjusted to keep up with these changes. In this paper, a method that dynamically adapts the traffic flow of AGVs to changing operational conditions is presented. The method uses a genetic algorithm to optimize the traffic flow against the changing operational condition. Four heuristic evaluation criteria are devised to reduce the computation cost. Exploiting the dynamic nature of the problem via an approach that reuses the results of the previous search is used to speed up the convergence of the genetic algorithm. The results of simulation experiments show the efficiency of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	AGV,ALV,Container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Traffic flow control
An uncertainty-aware AGV assignment algorithm for automated container terminals	2010	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	This paper studies job assignments for automated guided in container terminal settings under various conditions of uncertainty. An introduction to their operation is provided, along with a flexible dispatching algorithm, suitable for real-time control of AGVs. Using these concepts a new AGV dispatching approach is developed, capable of operating under uncertain conditions within a detailed container terminal model. Several performance indicators are presented, focused on generic features of vehicle operations as well the assessment of uncertainty levels inside the terminal. From the results of the simulation experiments, it is found that the proposed technique outperforms well known heuristics and alternative algorithms.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	55	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	AGV,Container terminal,Optimisation,Uncertainty
Automated controllability and synthesis with hierarchical set decision diagrams	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Computation of a maximally permissive controller in the Ramadge-Wonham framework promises a general solution to automatically design a controller for a discrete event system, when it exists. However, like for all similar model-checking approaches, the combinatorial explosion of the state space remains a practical issue. The work presented here investigates how to exploit both hierarchical modeling and a symbolic modelchecking engine to tackle this problem. This engine is based on a powerful class of Decision Diagrams called Hierarchical Set Decision Diagrams combined with a framework called Instantiable Transition Systems, in order to describe hierarchical models. To implement the controller activity, we propose to store the set of safe states, computed offline, as a decision diagram in the controller software, allowing to take decisions on-line. We run a prototype tool on several benchmark examples, including a problem of automated guided vehicles and a train crossing version with explicit discrete time. Results suggest good scalability, although the procedure is computationally intensive.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Controller synthesis,Discrete event system,Hierarchical set decision diagrams
Longitudinal vehicle guidance in networks with changing communication topology	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper presents a novel approach to control layout for vehicle guidance with changing communication topology. The control adapts to possible communication failure and varying access to other vehicle's information including stability conditions for arbitrary switching between different topologies. On the one hand the control layout addresses deficiencies in vehicle-to-vehicle communication, it further accounts for the reduction of spacing errors and a limitation in velocities and accelerations of following vehicles to avoid saturations. All objectives are formulated as one set of linear matrix inequalities that are solved for each of the adaptive vehicle controls. The optimization is presented for different information topologies of a platoon with four vehicles and the effectiveness of preserving the control performance in case of communication failure is shown through simulations.  2010 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	9	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Decentralized control,Driver assistance systems,Linear matrix inequalities,Networked control systems,Switching systems,Vehicle-to-vehicle communication
The BRAiVE autonomous ground vehicle platform	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The interest in having an autonomous vehicle platform is driven by the long term objective, aimed by many research centers, of changing the transportation system world to move people in a safer and more eficient way. The BRAiVE vehicle presented in this paper is designed for this goal and with the idea of reaching it trough a series of steps, each one introducing more advanced systems and more complex levels of automation. A section describing the state of the art in this field introduces the paper showing the features of other similar projects around the world and pointing out BRAiVE's innovations. The paper focuses on the technical aspects involved in this project. Starting from the design choices, such as sensor placement, coverage or actuators performance, going trough development issues and solutions adopted to reach a high integration level for preserving the external look together with good ergonomics for the interiors. Conclusions collect the demonstrations in which effectiveness and the versatility of the vehicle has been shown.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	15	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous vehicles,Detection systems,Image sensors,Inertial sensors,Obstacle detection
Material handling delivery in the presence of varying speed and interruptions	2010	IIE Annual Conference and Expo 2010 Proceedings	Increasing attention has been paid to workflow congestion due to traffic of material handling vehicles in a manufacturing facility. In this paper, we consider the problem of simulating traffic of material transfers in the presence of varying speed and interruptions. We capture congestion effects in the simulation model at a highly detailed level including acceleration/deceleration factors, intersections and pedestrian traffic flow. Simulation experiments are conducted to explore the impact of workflow congestion on material handling time. The results indicate that the highly detailed simulation model which considers congestion effects is able to estimate material handling time more accurately than the models that ignore congestion.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Material handling,Simulation,Workflow congestion
AGVs in a production environment-A flexible and modular transport system for production	2010	ESM 2010 - 2010 European Simulation and Modelling Conference	In the production environment of the new building of Vector Aandrijftechniek BV an AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle) system is desired to increase flexibility and efficiency of internal transport of parts and products. The current transportation systems should be replaced. First the current production process is investigated and data is collected of the production times and quantities of last year. The data and investigations lead to three qualified routes between the processes which could be replaced by AGVs. The concepts for these routes are based on the specifications of multiple AGV suppliers and the results from the investigation. Also the dimensions, entrances and exits of the new building, quantities and material flows are used. The concepts differ in the separation or combination of the routes between the processes and the number of handlings which are done by AGVs or other systems. A simulation model is made of the concepts and the production processes between the transports, which could provide the information about the required number and performance of the AGV. The results of the simulation show large differences in the required quantities of AGVs, reliability and buffer sizes between the concepts. For a production of 70.000 drives per year (including peaks of 100.000 drives) nine AGVs are required on the routes between the storage and the packing station. With a modular design of the AGVs it is possible to use the same chassis on all routes and only the (un)loading device would differ. For the new building it is recommended to keep the AGV system as simple as possible and to test an AGV in the current production process for experience and to maximize the efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Production environment
A learning environment for robotic production line simulation	2010	9th European Conference on eLearning 2010, ECEL 2010	This paper presents a framework for a robotic production line simulation learning environment using Autonomous Ground Vehicles (AGV). An eLearning platform is used as interface with the simulator. The objective is to introduce students to the production robotics area using a familiar tool, an eLearning platform, and a framework that simulates a production line using AGVs. This framework allows students to learn about robotics but also about several areas of industrial management engineering without requiring an extensive prior knowledge on the robotics area. The robotic production line simulation learning environment simulates a production environment using AGVs to transport materials to and from the production line. The simulator allows students to validate the AGV dynamics and provides information about the whole materials supplying system which includes: supply times, route optimization and inventory management. The students are required to address several topics such as: sensors, actuators, controllers and an high level management and optimization software. This simulator was developed with a known open source tool from robotics community: Player/Stage. This tool was extended with several add-ons so that students can be able to interact with a complex simulation environment. These add-ons include an abstraction communication layer that performs events provided by the database server which is programmed by the students. An eLearning platform is used as interface between the students and the simulator. The students can visualize the effects of their instructions/programming in the simulator that they can access via the eLearning platform. The proposed framework aims to allow students from different backgrounds to fully experience robotics in practice by suppressing the huge gap between theory and practice that exists in robotics. Using an eLearning platform eliminates installation problems that can occur from different computers software distribution and makes the simulator accessible by all students at school and at home.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Education	Autonomous ground vehicles,Industrial simulation,Learning robotics,Production line simulation
RETRACTED ARTICLE: Simulation of multi-load AGV system based on JIT production environment	2010	Proceedings - 2010 3rd IEEE International Conference on Computer Science and Information Technology, ICCSIT 2010	when the demand of system productivity is increased, the throughput of AGV system is also needed to be developed. By adding more single-load AGVs in the system, more items can be transported at same time. But consequently, the traffic for AGVs becomes more congested, and tradeoff caused by number of AGV is difficult to balance. The multi-load AGV can transport more items at same time and no additional AGVs are necessarily involved. But the control of multi-load AGV is much more complicated than single-load one as realized as many aspects. In this paper, a simulation study of multi-load AGV system based on JIT production environment is presented, the purpose of which is to examine the improvement generated by multi-load AGV system in JIT production environment and the performance of it when higher demand of system productivity is met. The control of multi-load AGV system focuses on selection of requesting stations and items in different situations, and also the responding procedure. The results of experimental test indicate that the introduced multi-load AGV system is adaptive to JIT production system and able to provide much higher throughput to satisfy the increasing demand of productivity compared with single-load one.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV system,JIT production system,Multi-load
Safety improvement test of a GPS based AGV system using a dead reckoning algorithm	2010	Proceedings of 2010 Asia-Pacific International Symposium on Aerospace Technology, APISAT 2010	Global positioning system (GPS) technologies have recently led to innovations in the guidance area of small mobile robots. In particular, the design of guidance and navigation systems for autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) has included a carrier phase differential GPS (CDGPS). With a single inexpensive GPS receiver, CDGPS technology can measure the position of a vehicle with an error of just a few decimeters. Comparison with the reference trajectory and the test result, the error on the driving position of a CDGPS-based AGV is 0.2 m. However, obstacles such as buildings and trees along the roadside can block signals and have effects on the satellite visibility of a GPS, causing safety problems in the navigation of a CDGPS-based AGV. As a result, there is a need for the integration of a GPS and dead reckoning (DR). The integration of GPS and DR sensors can improve the navigation performance in a road environment. This paper focuses on CDGPS safety performance tests that involve the use of CDGPS abnormal positioning error detection and DR algorithms. The tests were performed on a CDGPS-based AGV for a C-type trajectory with a GPS outage section. The test results show that CDGPS positioning error is detection can be achived with an error of more than 0. 4 m. In addition, the DR driving position error is 1. 5 m for an 8 s CDPGS positioning service outage.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Aerospace Engineering	AGV,CDGPS,DR,GPS,Safety
Intelligent AGV control of autonomous decentralized FMS by oblivion and memory	2010	Key Engineering Materials	This paper describes a method to control Autonomous decentralized Flexible Manufacturing System (AD-FMS) by using a memory to determine a priority ranking for competing hypotheses. The aim is to increase the reasoning efficiency of a system the author calls reasoning to anticipate the future (RAF) which controls automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) in AD-FMSs. The system includes memory data of past production conditions and AGV actions. The system was applied to an AD-FMS that was constructed on a computer. The results showed that, compared with conventional reasoning, this reasoning system reduced the number of hypothesis replacements until a true hypothesis was reached.  (2010) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Autonomous decentralized system,FMS,Planning and scheduling
Some applications of the generalized vehicle routing problem	2010	Journal of the Operational Research Society	The Generalized Vehicle Routing Problem (GVRP) is an extension of the classical Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) in which the vertex set is partitioned into clusters and vehicles must visit exactly one (or at least one) vertex per cluster. The GVRP provides a useful modelling framework for a wide variety of applications. The purpose of this paper is to provide such examples of applications and models. These include the Travelling Salesman with Profits, several VRP extensions, the Windy Routing Problem, and the design of tandem configurations for automated guided vehicles.  2010 Operational Research Society Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	49	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	Applications,Generalized Vehicle Routing Problem,Models
A mathematical model for vehicle dispatching problems at marine container terminals	2010	Proceedings - 2010 International Conference on Intelligent System Design and Engineering Application, ISDEA 2010	This paper presents a mixed-integer programming (MIP) model for the vehicles scheduling problem. A dynamic programming algorithm is proposed to solve the above-mentioned problem. This method can reduce the needed trailers without increasing the overall dwell time of the ship in port, and decrease unproductive empty travel. Further, the numerical result of a small sized problem is reported.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Container terminal,Dynamic programming algorithm,Quay vehicle scheduling
Genetic algorithm for production order picking schedule in an AGV-based FMS	2010	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This paper discussed production order picking schedule problem in AGV-based FMS. A general formulation of production order picking schedule mode is suggestion with objective of minimizing the order picking time and the number of AGVs. Based on the analysis that the relationship between our problem and the standard VRP, we design a genetic algorithm (GA) to solve the mode. Computational experiment is conducted and excellent computational results comparison with other method indicates that the genetic algorithm proposed in this paper is suitable for production order picking problem.  (2010) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Genetic algorithm,Order picking schedule,Vehicle routing problem
RETRACTED ARTICLE: Job-shop scheduling considering dispatching rules of machines and material handling devices based on simulation	2010	ICCASM 2010 - 2010 International Conference on Computer Application and System Modeling, Proceedings	In order to utilize production resources efficiently and reduce the number of work-in-process(WIP), material handling device (MHD) is often used to coordinate with manufacturing operations in job-shops. The relationship between machine's scheduling and MHD's dispatching is studied in this paper. The simulation method is applied with simple heuristic dispatching rules for machines, MHD is used to generate active and feasible schedule. The mean flow time and mean tardiness of jobs are selected as the performance measures. The simulation shows that MHD dispatching rules have significant influence on system performance.  2010 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Theoretical Computer Science	Dispatching rules,Job-shop scheduling,Material handling device,Simulation
An analysis of the ceiling height requirement for a large-scale semiconductor fab	2010	International Journal of Production Research	This paper proposes the proposition that the fab ceiling height may become a bottleneck for throughput in a large-scale semiconductor fab. To justify the proposition, we propose a systematic approach for the design of the fab ceiling height. In this approach, we develop a queuing network model to evaluate the cycle time performance of a fab design under a target throughput. This queuing network model is adapted from Connor et al. [1996. A queueing network model for semiconductor manufacturing. IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing, 9 (3), 412-427] by additionally treating the transportation facilities as finite-capacity resources. Numerical experiments were carried out. The results indicate that a large-scale fab with an inappropriate ceiling height may limit the installation of transportation capacity, which, in turn, limits the utilisation of tool capacity, and thus lowers the fab throughput that can be achieved.  2010 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Production management,Semiconductor manufacture
Innovative framework of AS/RS path planning	2010	International Journal of Innovation and Learning	Until recently, a great deal of thought in Automated Storage/Retrieval System (AS/RS) path planning has focused on algorithms, but very little attention was paid to what actually went on inside industrial settings. Traditional algorithms for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) were over emphasised local optimisation that AGVs are too complicated to systematise for path forecasting in AS/RS path planning. The purpose of this study is to establish a feedback mechanism to modify AGV transport movement. An innovative AS/RS framework was inductively established throughout this study. This study used Scenario Analysis (SA) to evaluate AGVs' dynamic path for goal orientation and used the four circular steps Eliminate, Combine, Rearrange, Simplify (ECRS) to establish a feedback mechanism to modify AGV transport movement and analyse nonlinear dynamic behaviour. This study presents a conceptual framework for linking goal orientation and feedback mechanisms in AS/RS path planning.  2010 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Education,Management of Technology and Innovation	AGVs,AS/RS,Automated guided vehicles,Automatic storage/retrieval system,Combine,ECRS,Eliminate,Feedback mechanism,Innovation,Learning,Rearrange,Simplify
An integrated framework to enhance the web content mining and knowledge discovery	2010	IMCIC 2010 - International Multi-Conference on Complexity, Informatics and Cybernetics, Proceedings	This paper addresses the issue of distilling relevant information from unstructured data such as content from Web pages. For the purpose of solving this issue, a system is designed to propose a utilization of automated guided web mining algorithms for meta-rules extraction. The proposed system can be viewed as an extensible tool to extract metadata and generate multi-format descriptions from existing Web documents. The framework is evaluated on real web contents through two case studies: Acadian literature analysis and information on Canadian universities. The results show that the system easily provides meaningful visualizations and delivers powerful text extraction, supporting users in their quest to efficiently investigate and exploit available Web data sources.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	Information retrieval,Knowledge discovery,Metadata,Visualisation capabilities,Web content mining
The double row layout problem	2010	International Journal of Production Research	This research explores the double row layout problem (DRLP) that deals with how to place departments or machines on both sides of a central corridor. This type of layout problem is commonly observed in production and service facilities. Over the last 40 years, researchers have extensively studied a similar problem called the single row layout problem (SRLP) or one dimensional space allocation problem (ODSAP); as a result, several practical approaches are currently available for the problem. However, the DRLP has not received much attention in the literature although it often provides a better structure for layout designers. In this research, we first develop an MIP model for the DRLP that involves more variables and constraints than existing formulations of the SRLP. In turn, conditions yielding a good solution are analysed based on the proposed model. Five heuristic algorithms are developed to provide a reasonably good initial solution and corresponding upper bound of the DRLP. The performance of these heuristic algorithms, as well as MIP solutions by CPLEX 10.2, is compared in a series of experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	44	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Double row layout problem,Facility layout,Heuristic algorithm,Index terms,Machine layout problem
The deadlock detection and resolution method for a unified transport system	2010	International Journal of Production Research	In a unified transport system, traffic jams and vehicle deadlocks reduce efficiency causing the vehicles involved in it to cease moving. Deadlocks, in particular, halt the flow of vehicles. Therefore, predicting the possibility of a deadlock, identifying it and automatically resolving it are critical to improving lot delivery time. This paper proposes a method to detect a variety of deadlock phenomena in a unified transport system of 300 mm fab, thereby effectively improving lot delivery time.  2010 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	15	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated material handling systems,Deadlock,Overhead hoist transport,Traffic management,Unified transport system,Waiting relation matrix
Modeling and simulation of automated container terminal operation	2010	Journal of Computers	The growths of containerization and transporting goods in containers have created many problems for ports, especially with the development of operation equipments produced by port machine manufacturer. A simulation study was proposed to a new container terminal handling technology, which is comprised of twin 40-foot quay cranes, a low bridge allocation system and twin 40-foot rail mounted gantry crane (RMG). The loading and unloading process was analysised and container terminal operation conditions are defined under this operation conditions. Based on event-driven and virtual reality technology, the handling technology simulation model was established. The operating efficiency of key equipments is calculated during the simulation. Finally, validation is presented through a case study. The method enriched the contents of container terminal handling technology simulation and laid the foundation for further study of automated container terminal.  2010 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Computer Science (all)	Automated container terminal (ACT),Handling technology,Operation condition,Simulation,Virtual reality
Nested coloured timed Petri nets for production configuration of product families	2010	International Journal of Production Research	Production configuration is as an effective technique to deal with product variety while maintaining production stability and efficiency. It involves a diverse set of process elements (e.g., machines, operations), a high variety of component parts and assemblies and many constraints arising from product and process variety. Production configuration entails the selection and subsequent arrangement of process elements into complete production processes and the final evaluation of configured multiple alternatives. To better understand production configuration and its implementation, we study the underlying logic for configuring production processes using a dynamic modelling and visualisation approach. This is accomplished by developing a new formalism of nested coloured timed Petri nets (PNs). In view of the inherent modelling difficulties, in the formalism three types of nets-process nets, assembly nets and manufacturing nets-together with a nested net system are defined. Using an industrial example of vibration motors, we show how the proposed formalism can be applied to specify production processes at different levels of abstraction to achieve production configuration.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	17	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Petri nets, modelling,Process platform,Production configuration
A comparison of modified just-in-time production system with CONWIP	2010	8th International Industrial Simulation Conference 2010, ISC 2010	This paper compares performance of a modified kanban-controlled JIT system with Constant Work-In-Process system. The conventional JIT system is modified by using the information about customer waiting lines. Results of simulation experiments show that the modified JIT system performs better than CONWIP with respect to customer wait-time and inventory when system utilization is high.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Colombia	0	Modeling and Simulation	Discrete simulation,Monte Carlo,Production
MobotWare - A plug-in based framework for mobile robots	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper describes a plug-in based software framework developed at Automation and Control, DTU Electrical Engineering. The software has been used for education and research in mobile robotics for the last decade. Important design criteria have been real-time performance of the control level, easy integration of sensors, fast porting to new robots and core system stability and maintainability in an undisciplined programming environment. Real-time performance is assured by using RTAI-Linux; core stability is obtained by using plug-ins for user developed modules. The plug-in based module structure combined with inter-module communication based on TCP/IP sockets and human readable XML-protocol makes it easy to use the system on a wide range of hardware platforms, configurations and computer platform distributions. The framework has until now been interfaced to 7 different hardware platforms and has enabled many application i.e. robust navigation in an orchard with an autonomous tractor (Andersen,2010). Furthermore by providing a simple scripting robot control language the system also supports use by non-technicians.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	6	Control and Systems Engineering	Architectures,Autonomous mobile robots,Hierarchical systems,Multisensor integration,Real-time systems,Reusable robotic software,Robot control,Robotic framework
The integrated yard truck and yard crane scheduling problem: Benders' decomposition-based methods	2010	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	This paper proposes a novel integrated model for yard truck and yard crane scheduling problems for loading operations in container terminal. The problem is formulated as a mixed-integer programming model. Due to the computational intractability, two efficient solution methods, based on Benders' decomposition, are developed for problem solution; namely, the general Benders' cut-based method and the combinatorial Benders' cut-based method. Computational experiments are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed solution methods.  2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	89	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Benders' decomposition,Combinatorial optimization,Container terminal operations,Mixed-integer programming,Scheduling
Design of circling around a target controllers for mobile robots by feedback linearization	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Unlike the studies in the literature utilizing pre-generated paths for tracking circular trajectories by mobile robots, in this study the circling around a target problem is considered as a periodic system problem and the states in the system kinematics are forced to converge to periodical trajectories. We propose controllers for the circling around a target behavior of mobile robots developed by static and dynamic feedback linearization techniques. We derive the conditions on the underdamped and overdamped stable responses of the systems and present corresponding simulation results for each case.  2010 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Circling behavior,Feedback linearization,Kinematics in polar coordinates,Mobile robots,Periodical control
An advanced electric vehicle for development and test of new vehicle-dynamics control strategies	2010	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In an introduction, the present paper gives a short survey of existing vehicle-dynamics control systems that is based on some examples and thus does not claim to be complete. There is a tendency towards an increased interlinking of these systems and, as a result, a need for flexible automotive testing platforms. As an approach, an electric X-by-wire test vehicle which was designed and mounted for developing and testing new strategies of vehicle-dynamics control is presented. It is built up modularly and provides numerous degrees of freedom that enable a control strategy which is based on an optimization of the tire forces. That strategy is also presented. It takes into account possible actuator breakdowns and uses the redundancy in the vehicle to realize the desired movement even in the case of such a breakdown. An outlook on future possibilities in vehicle-dynamics control resulting from the use of self-optimization is also given.  2010 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	6	Control and Systems Engineering	Electric vehicles,Optimization,Redundancy,Self-optimization,Vehicle-dynamics control,X-by-wire
Proposition of SSM for lateral guided vehicle with articulated body	2010	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	This paper proposes SSM (Sensor Steering Mechanism) for a lateral guided vehicle with an articulated body which is allowing the vehicle to change moving directions. Authors demonstrate the geometry of SSM for a front wheel steer type, reverse phase four-wheel steer type and rear wheel steer type vehicle. SSM presents the stable lateral guiding performance for automated vehicle which follows a straight and curved path created by guideway. The other hand, SSM is not established for articulated vehicles such as wheel loaders and dump tracks used in the mine and construction site. SSM for an articulated vehicle enables a wheel loader to automated moving on every spaces. This paper leads SSM for an articulated vehicle and constructs an experimental robotic vehicle with proposed SSM. Simulated and experimental data show the advantages of proposed SSM.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	5	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Articulated body,Lateral guided vehicle,Robot vehicle,SSM 1 khz smart camera
Intelligent cruise control of circulating multi-robot effective for congestion	2010	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	This paper describes a methodology regarding an intelligent cruise control (ICC) of circulating robots which is directly effective for solving congestion regardless of the presence of a bottleneck. For this purpose, we focus on an external interaction force between the robots. This force is generated with the use of a virtual damper. In this methodology, control models on the basis of the following two scenarios are presented : a damping force acts on a moving robot as the external interaction force, (I) only when its preceding robot (s) is/are stopping or being congested and (II) when a robot exists in front of the moving robot, in order not to become involved in the congestion. This paper deals with a circuit and a robotic material transport system. Through simulation experiments, it is shown that the proposed ICC successfully solves the congestion, and finally, improves the performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Congestion,External interaction force,Intelligent cruise control,Material transport,Multi-Robot system
An expert fuzzy strategy for vehicle lateral control under urban environments	2010	International Journal of Vehicle Autonomous Systems	Under urban environments, vehicle lateral control faces new challenges, such as autonomous driving not only with a small steering angle of front wheel but also with a large one, which has rarely been reported in previous papers. In this paper, an Expert Fuzzy Controller (EFC) with the strategy of two look-ahead points is proposed to gain good control performance in all driving tasks. At the end of the paper, simulation and experiment results are presented to show that the proposed expert fuzzy strategy is accurate and effective for the normal lateral control problem under urban environments. Copyright  2010 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,Fuzzy expert control,Intelligent control,Lateral control
Coordination by design and the price of autonomy	2010	Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems	We consider a multi-agent planning problem as a set of activities that has to be planned by several autonomous agents. In general, due to the possible dependencies between the agents' activities or interactions during execution of those activities, allowing agents to plan individually may lead to a very inefficient or even infeasible solution to the multi-agent planning problem. This is exactly where plan coordination methods come into play. In this paper, we aim at the development of coordination by design techniques that (i) let each agent construct its plan completely independent of the others while (ii) guaranteeing that the joint combination of their plans always is coordinated. The contribution of this paper is twofold. Firstly, instead of focusing only on the feasibility of the resulting plans, we will investigate the additional costs incurred by the coordination by design method, that means, we propose to take into account the price of autonomy: the ratio of the costs of a solution obtained by coordinating selfish agents versus the costs of an optimal solution. Secondly, we will point out that in general there exist at least two ways to achieve coordination by design: one called concurrent decomposition and the other sequential decomposition. We will briefly discuss the applicability of these two methods, and then illustrate them with two specific coordination problems: coordinating tasks and coordinating resource usage. We also investigate some aspects of the price of autonomy of these two coordination methods.  2009 The Author(s).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	8	Artificial Intelligence	Algorithms,Autonomous planning,Coordination,Multi-agent systems
Methodology for dynamic scheduling and control in biological manufacturing systems	2010	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	Biological manufacturing is an emerging concept that aims to apply the structures and behaviour of natural organisms to manufacturing organisations in order to transfer the inherited flexibility and adaptability of life forms to industrial operations. In this article, a biologically inspired dynamic decentralised scheduling and control methodology based on continuous communication between machines and transporters is proposed. The system aims to satisfy the performance objectives in a real-time scheduling environment without any centralised control. No advanced scheduling takes place and the machine for each processing stage is selected only after the previous stage has been completed. Three types of dynamic scheduling are identified and the operational procedure is developed. The proposed scheduling approaches differ in terms of flexibility of the established processing and transportation contracts, which influences the system's ability to respond to disturbances. Automatic guided vehicles are used to transport products between the machines along a pre-defined network of paths that allow easy access to all stations. The proposed methodology together with a deadlock avoidance mechanism is modelled and simulated using discrete event simulation software. The results indicate that the methodology is feasible and can react to changes in the environment. Copyright  2010 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Biological manufacturing systems,Dynamic scheduling,Simulation
Development and validation of a real-time reduced field of view imaging driven by automated needle detection for MRI-guided interventions	2010	Progress in Biomedical Optics and Imaging - Proceedings of SPIE	2010 SPIE.Automatic tracking and scan plane control in MRI-guided therapy is an active area of research. However, there has been little research on tracking needles without the use of external markers. Current methods also do not account for possible needle bending, because the tip does not get tracked explicitly. In this paper, we present a preliminary method to track a biopsy needle in real-time MR images based on its visible susceptibility artifact and automatically adjust the next scan plane in a closed loop to keep the needle's tip in the field of view. The images were acquired with a Single Shot Fast Spin Echo (SSFSE) sequence combined with a reduced field of view (rFOV) technique using 2D RF pulses, which allows a reduction in scan time without compromising spatial resolution. The needle tracking software was implemented as a plug-in module for open-source medical image visualization software 3D Slicer to display the current scan plane with the highlighted needle. Tests using a gel phantom and an ex vivo tissue sample are reported and evaluated in respect to performance and accuracy. The results proved that the method allows an image update rate of one frame per second with a root mean squared error within 4 mm. The proposed method may therefore be feasible in MRI-guided targeted therapy, such as prostate biopsies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Biomaterials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	Image-guided tracking,MRI,Prostate,RFOV,SSFSE
Robustness of state-dependent queues and material handling systems	2010	International Journal of Production Research	In many factory settings, performance modeling and optimisation of material handling systems (MHS) is a complex problem. State-dependent queueing models are effective and robust tools to capture this traffic congestion. The integration of state-dependent models of the material handling elements and finite queueing models of work stations is demonstrated. An important property of the state-dependent models when used to model the material handling elements is that they appear to be insensitive to the input distribution. Numerous topological network design (TND) problems and experiments are presented to show the effectiveness of state-dependent queueing models for TND/MHS design.  2010 Taylor and Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	24	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Facility layout,Facility location,Optimisation,Queueing networks
Simulation of autonomous robotic multiple-core biopsy by 3D ultrasound guidance	2010	Ultrasonic Imaging	An autonomous multiple-core biopsy system guided by real-time 3D ultrasound and operated by a robotic arm with 6+1 degrees of freedom has been developed. Using a specimen of turkey breast as a tissue phantom, our system was able to first autonomously locate the phantom in the image volume and then perform needle sticks in each of eight sectors in the phantom in a single session, with no human intervention required. Based on the fraction of eight sectors successfully sampled in an experiment of five trials, a success rate of 93% was recorded. This system could have relevance in clinical procedures that involve multiple needle-core sampling such as prostate or breast biopsy. Copyright 2010 by Dynamedia, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	8	Radiological and Ultrasound Technology,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	3D ultrasound,Computer-aided diagnosis,Surgical robotics
The cross-entropy method for combinatorial optimization problems of seaport logistics terminal	2010	Transport	Studies on seaport operations emphasize the fact that the numbers of resources utilized at seaport terminals add a multitude of complexities to dynamic optimization problems. In such dynamic environments, there has been a need for solving each complex operational problem to increase service efficiency and to improve seaport competitiveness. This paper states the key problems of seaport logistics and proposes an innovative cross-entropy (CE) algorithm for solving the complex problems of combinatorial seaport logistics. Computational results exhibit that the CE algorithm is an efficient, convenient and applicable stochastic method for solving the optimization problems of seaport logistics operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Cross entropy algorithm,Logistics,Metaheuristic,Optimization,Seaport terminal,Stochastic method
A lamda-optimal based heuristic for the berth scheduling problem	2010	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	Berth scheduling aims to optimally schedule vessels to berthing areas along a quay and is a complex optimization problem. In this paper we propose a lamda-optimal based heuristic as a resolution approach for the discrete space berth scheduling problem. The proposed heuristic can also be applied to validate optimality, in the case where other (meta)heuristics are applied as resolution approaches. A second internal Genetic Algorithms based heuristic is also proposed to reduce the computational time required for medium to large scale instances. Numerical experiments performed show that the proposed heuristic is adequate to produce near-optimal results within acceptable computational times.  2009 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	30	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Berth scheduling,Container terminal operations,Heuristics,Optimization
Modelling and analysis of part and tool allocation decisions in a flexible manufacturing system under dynamic tool sharing	2010	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	This paper focuses on the problem of allocating parts and tools in a flexible manufacturing system with tool movement policy. A four-stage approach is adopted for the solution of the decision problems. In stage one, part to machine allocation is made using a linear programming (LP) model with the objective of balancing the workloads of machines. Stage two involves determining the number of copies of each tool type for the objective of maximising tool utilisation subject to a given available budget. In this stage also, a LP model is formulated and solved. In stage three, tools are assigned to machines using a heuristic algorithm. A discrete-event simulation model is developed in stage four for analysing part scheduling and tool control decisions while implementing the results obtained from the preceding stages. Simulation experiments are conducted for various scenarios and the system performance is analysed. Copyright  2010 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,Scheduling,Simulation,Tool sharing
Linear programming formulation of the set partitioning problem	2010	International Journal of Operational Research	In this paper, we present a linear programming (LP) model of the set partitioning problem (SPP). The number of variables and the number of constraints of the proposed model are bounded by (third-degree) polynomial functions of the number of non-zero entries of the SPP input matrix, respectively. Hence, the model provides a new affirmative resolution to the all-important 'P vs. NP' question. We use a transportation problem-based reformulation that we develop, and a path-based modelling approach similar to that used in Diaby (2007) to formulate the proposed LP model. The approach is illustrated with a numerical example. Copyright  2010 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	14	Management Science and Operations Research	Combinatorial optimisation,Computational complexity,Linear programming,LP,Set partitioning problem,SPP
An RFID-based digital warehouse management system in the tobacco industry: A case study	2010	International Journal of Production Research	This paper proposes a digital warehouse management system (DWMS) in the tobacco industry based on radio frequency identification (RFID) technology. The DWMS helps warehouse managers to achieve better inventory control, as well as to improve the operation efficiency. In this system, a set of basic events and storage/retrieval rules are defined as event-condition-action (ECA) rules to improve the feasibility and flexibility of DWMS. By using RFID technology, the DWMS enables a plane warehouse to achieve visualised inventory management, automatic storage/retrieval assignment and high accuracy of inventory control as an automatic warehouse. A case in the tobacco industry is studied to illustrate the feasibility and rationality of the proposed system. Based on the ECA rules, a storage/retrieval methodology is proposed to improve the storage/retrieval operations. The results of this case study illustrate that RFID-DWMS can help a plane warehouse to improve operation efficiency, enhance the utilisation of warehouse capacity, increase inventory accuracy and reduce manpower and loading time significantly.  2010 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	52	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Digital pallet,Digital shelf,Digital warehouse management system,Event-condition-action,Radio frequency identification,Storage/retrieval assignment
A graph-theoretic approach to evaluate the intensity of barriers in the implementation of FMSs	2010	International Journal of Services and Operations Management	Manufacturing organisations adopt Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs) to meet the challenges imposed by today's volatile market standards. But the implementation of FMSs is not an easy job. Various barriers are experienced in real-life cases during its implementation. It is very much necessary to analyse the nature and impact of these barriers so that production managers can think of some strategies to overcome these barriers. In the present work, a Graph-Theoretic Approach (GTA) has been utilised to find the intensity of these barriers through an index which is calculated through a permanent function obtained from the digraph of FMS barriers. Copyright  2010 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	25	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,Graph-theoretic approach,GTA.,Intensity of barriers
Recent advances on agricultural software: A review	2010	Agriculture Research and Technology	2011 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.Simulating, monitoring and controlling processes are foundations of modern agricultural management. The main objective of researchers on this field is to improve the efficiency of these procedures, enhancing their precision, speed and accuracy by using new concepts and innovative tools. With this, the use of software-based tools for controlling, monitoring, sizing and simulating agricultural processes is becoming ever more important and reliable. Over the years, the versatility, accuracy and userfriendliness offered by the software and the systems managed by them, have led to their increased take-up by the agricultural engineering community. New systems based on robotics, data transmission via Internet, artificial machine and other technologies have been shown capable of reducing agriculture's current dependency on chemical products, improving its sustainability, reducing its environmental impact and optimizing its management. For this, professionals must work in multidisciplinary research groups and to accompany the rapid evolution of computers technologies. Thus, this paper reviews developments in this subject between 2005 and 2008, emphasizing applications in precision agriculture, farm management, agricultural decision support and agricultural economics.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Brazil	1	Engineering (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all)	Agricultural research,Control,Monitoring,Simulation,Software
