An efficient control strategy for the traffic coordination of AGVs	2011	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	In this paper we propose an algorithm for coordinating a fleet of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) that go through predefined paths in a dynamic industrial environment. Coordination diagrams are used to define a mapping between the configuration space of the fleet and a set of motion constraints that the vehicles must satisfy in order to avoid mutual collisions. The motion actions that maximize the advancement of the fleet while respecting the constraints are determined by a polynomial time heuristic algorithm.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
3D payload detection from 2D range scans	2011	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	Payload recognition is an important ability for autonomous industrial vehicles. While scanning laser rangefinders are commonly used on autonomous vehicles, most provide only 2D range scans. The goal of this research is to use the 2D range data to accurately identify an initially unknown 3D asymmetric payload. Typical approaches to payload recognition use either artificial markers or models with relatively tight constraints on the shape. We relax these constraints and allow the system to determine the most appropriate representation of the target object using an unsupervised learning approach. A set of target scan segments from the training set is reduced to a reference set with a high discrimination capability. The system uses the reference set in a classifier that evaluates incoming scans and monitors areas in the environment that potentially contain target objects. Upon a high enough confidence, a target is declared. Once trained, the system is able to accurately recognise a target object in different environments. The reduced reference set classifier shows faster convergence to a target classification than one developed with a full feature set and another with k-means clustering.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Conflict-free route planning in dynamic environments	2011	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	Motion planning for multiple robots is tractable in case we can assume a roadmap on which all the robots travel, which is often the case in many automated guided vehicle domains, such as factory floors or container terminals. We present an O(nv log(nv) + n 2v) (n the number of nodes, v the number of vehicles) route planning algorithm for a single robot, which can find the minimum-time route given a set of existing route plans that it may not interfere with. In addition, we present an algorithm that can propagate delay through the plans of the robots in case one or more robots are delayed. This delay-propagation algorithm allows us to implement a Pareto-optimal plan repair scheme, in which one robot can improve its route plan without adversely affecting the other robots. We compare this approach to several plan repair schemes from the literature, which are based on the idea of giving a higher priority to non-delayed agents.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Determination of rigid-body pose from imprecise point position measurements	2011	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	The determination of a rigid-body position and orientation from the position of a number of its points is one of the fundamental problems in kinematics. This problem arises in robotics, biomechanics, automatic guided vehicles, real-time control of space structures, etc. Under ideal conditions, it is possible to apply classical methods to find a body's position and orientation. However, in the presence of noise, these methods yield results that are unreliable and inconsistent. Two existing and a new method for determining position and orientation from noisy point coordinate data are presented. The theoretical analysis of the methods combined with an extensive simulation process led to conclusions about their behavior in different situations. The proposed method yields better orientation estimates than the other two methods, yielding reliable results both for absolute and relative position measurements and for low and high noise levels.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	Body coordinates from point coordinates,rigid body motion,rigid body pose estimation
Optimisation model and exact algorithm for autonomous straddle carrier scheduling at automated container terminals	2011	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	In this paper, an optimisation model based on Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows (PDPTW), and an exact algorithm based on Branch-and-Bound with Column Generation (BBCG), are presented for Autonomous Straddle Carriers Scheduling (ASCS) problem at automated container terminals. The ASCS problem is firstly modeled into a PDPTW, which is formulated as a Binary Integer Programming (BIP) and then solved by Column Generation (CG) in the Branch-and-Bound (BB) framework. The BBCG algorithm is also compared to another two exact algorithms [i.e., Binary integer Programming with Dynamic Programming (BPDP) and Exhaustive Search with Permutation and Combination (ESPC)] for the ASCS problem solving. Based on the map of an actual automated container terminal, simulation results and discussions are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the presented model and algorithm for autonomous vehicle scheduling.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Study of intelligent track-searching vehicle control system based on vision	2011	Procedia Engineering	In order to improve the ability of intelligent track-searching vehicle accurately identifying driveway and heighten its driving rapidity and system stability, though the analysis of intelligent track-searching vehicle control system, an intelligent track-searching vehicle control system based on vision is designed completed in this paper. The hardware control system mainly includes single-chip microcomputer control module, path detection module, steering gear steering module, motor driver module, speed detection module and power management module. On this basis, path identification algorithm based on vision, steering control algorithm and speed control algorithm of intelligent track-searching vehicle are researched. Experimental results show that the system has accurate driveway recognizing ability, flexible steering control and speed control, better adaptability to different driving environment, making intelligent track-searching vehicle accurately running along different path rapidly and stably.  2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	Control system,Driveway identification based on vision,Intelligent track-searching vehicle,Speed control,Steering
Feature-to-feature based laser scan matching in polar coordinates with application to pallet recognition	2011	Procedia Engineering	This paper presents a novel method called feature-to-feature based polar scan matching (FFPSM) for pallet recognition. Since FFPSM works in the laser scanner's polar coordinates, the transformation from polar coordinate to Cartesian coordinate is eliminated and some operations are simplified by taking the advantage of the structure of the laser measurements. The method is evaluated in the simulated laser scans. The research results show that the recognition ratio is the same but the recognition velocity is faster than previous works  2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	Autonomous mobile robot,Feature-to-feature,Laser scan matching,Pallet recognition,Polar coordinates
Petri net decomposition approach for bi-objective conflict-free routing for AGV systems	2011	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	In this paper, we propose a Petri Net decomposition approach for solving the bi-objective conflict-free routing for AGV systems. The objective is to minimize the deviation of delivery time and to minimize the total transportation time. The dispatching and conflict-free routing problem for AGVs is represented as an optimal firing sequence problem for Petri Net. A Petri Net decomposition approach is applied to solve the multi-objective optimization problem efficiently. The convergence of the algorithm is improved by reducing the search region. The effectiveness of the proposed method is compared with that of the conventional method. Computational results show the effectiveness of the proposed method.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	AGV routing,conflict-free routing,decomposition,multi-objective optimization,Petri Net
Real-time communication and localization for a swarm of mobile robots using IEEE 802.15.4a CSS	2011	IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference	Just-in-time inventory management and short production cycles require flexible material flow as well as usage of small transportation units. These demands can be met by using small Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) which act as a swarm of mobile robots. The paper presents real-time communication and localization for a swarm of mobile robots which transport Euro-bins in a distribution center or warehouse. Localization is realized by trilateration using range measurements obtained from an IEEE 802.15.4a CSS network. The IEEE 802.15.4a network is used for communication as well as for localization. The paper presents the design of the networks as well as the communication protocol which provides communication and localization in real-time. In order to support a large number of robots, the whole working area is divided into cells which uses different frequencies. The network protocol provides handover between the cells and routing capabilities in real-time.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	None
OzTug mobile robot for manufacturing transportation	2011	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Firstly, this paper introduces the OzTug mobile robot developed to autonomously manoeuvre large loads within a manufacturing environment. The mobile robot utilises differential drive and necessary design criteria includes low-cost, mechanical robustness, and the ability to manoeuvre loads ranging up to 2000kg. The robot is configured to follow a predefined trajectory while maintaining the forward velocity of a user-specified velocity profile. A vision-based fuzzy logic line following controller enables the robot to track the paths on the floor of the manufacturing environment. Secondly, in order to tow large loads along predefined paths three different robot-load configurations are proposed. Simulation within the Webots environment was performed in order to empirically evaluate the three different robot-load configurations. The simulation results demonstrate the cost-performance trade-off of two of the approaches.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	18	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	AGV,manufacturing,mobile robot,robot transportation
Multi agent simulation for decision making in warehouse management	2011	2011 Federated Conference on Computer Science and Information Systems, FedCSIS 2011	The paper presents an agent-based simulation as a tool for decision making about automatic warehouses management. The proposed multi-agent system is going to be used in a real environment within a project developed with a company working on logistics. More in details, we have developed a simulation framework in order to study problems, constraints and performance issues of the truck unload operations. We aim to optimize the suitable number of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) used for unloading containers arrived to the warehouse. This is a critical issue since an AGV is a costly resource and an augment in number does not necessarily correspond to an improved unloading speed. The experiment performed with our simulated environment allows us also to evaluate the impact of other elements to the performance.  2011 Polish Info Processing Soc.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	7	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Information Systems	None
Flying referencing system for an autonomous mobile robot	2011	Advanced Materials Research	In CDHAW of Tongji University an autonomous mobile robot system, is actually used for education of Bachelor students in the majors AES (Automotive Engineering & Service) as well as in MT (Mechatronics) and for development and research on different topics of both majors. One such research project is introduced in this paper. It aims to improve the inaccuracy of the robots built-in navigation system based upon odometry by development of a flying referencing system. It is described how the well known raster navigation is extended from a single point raster to a grid of lines which improves navigation correctness much better as by using the single points of the conventional raster navigation method.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Automated Guided Vehicle,Automation Technology,Autonomous Mobile Robot,Flexible Shop Floor Transportation System,Flying Referencing,Mechatronics,Navigation System,Odometry,Raster Navigation,Robotino®
Evaluation methods of architecture for intelligent robotic system	2011	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	The architecture is the backbone of Intelligent Robotic System (IRS). Aimed at the current difficulties for designing architecture, on the basis of previous studies, the evaluation methodologies based on comprehensive integration is provided and then the systematical evaluation criterions including nine quality attributes (Modularity, Niche Targetability, Autonomy, Robustness, Portability, Coordinability, Real-time, Security, Cost and resource constraint) are presented in this paper. Finally, a case study has shown these methods combined of qualitative and quantitative are feasible.  2011 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Architecture,Evaluation,IRS,Quality attributes,Quantitative
Modified Banker's algorithm for scheduling in multi-AGV systems	2011	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	In today's highly complex multi-AGV systems key research objective is finding a scheduling and routing policy that avoids deadlock while assuring that vehicle utilization is as high as possible. It is well known that finding such an optimal policy is a NP-hard task in general case. Therefore, big part of the research is oriented towards finding various suboptimal policies that can be applied to real world plants. In this paper we propose modified Banker's algorithm for scheduling in multi-AGV systems. A predetermined mission's path is executed in a way that some non-safe states are allowed in order to achieve better utilization of vehicles. A graph-based method of polynomial complexity for verification of these states is given. Algorithm is tested on a layout of a real plant for packing and warehousing palettes. Results shown at the end of the paper demonstrate advantages of the proposed method compared with other methods based on Banker's algorithm.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	16	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Path planning for automated guided vehicles system via interactive dynamic influence diagrams with communication	2011	IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA	This paper addresses the problem of path planning for automated guided vehicles (AGV) system in the autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems (AVS/RS). To solve the problem of AGV system under dynamic uncertain environment, we propose a new method by extending the framework of interactive dynamic influence diagrams (I-DIDs) with communication capabilities, called Com-I-DIDs. Our work focuses on the communication and coordination of cooperative agents, with the goal of finding the shortest path policy and achieving the minimization of expected total cost. We first introduces the related works for path planning for AGV, and then presents the new method by extending the I-DIDs model with communication, followed by a case study to solve the path planning problem for AGV in AVS/RS.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	9	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Adaptive genetic fuzzy, predictive and multiobjective approach for AGVs dispatching	2011	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	Excellence in manufacturing systems has been recognized as one of the main factors behind the success of industrial companies. New technologies for manufacturing processes play a significant role in this process. Achieving the potential of technological innovations in production, however, requires a wide range of management, as well as engineering issues related to the system. Material handling is a key component in reaching flexibility, manufacturing, dynamism and agility goals. The handling capacity of advanced materials is essential because without this ability of providing the material needed for the proper workstation at the right time and in the right amount, the whole plant will become "bogged down". This makes it less efficient and thus produces less profit and / or it operates at higher costs. This paper proposes a heuristic dispatching Automation Guided Vehicle (AGV) based on fuzzy logic and genetic algorithms. The proposal also includes prediction task, multi-objective and modeling Petri nets causing the closest simulation of real environment.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV Dispatching,Automated Guided Vehicle,Fuzzy Logic,Genetic Algorithms
Intelligent coordination steering control of automated guided vehicle	2011	2011 International Conference on Applied Superconductivity and Electromagnetic Devices, ASEMD 2011	In this paper, based on the neural network, fuzzy control and bang-bang control, an intelligent coordination control strategy for automated guided vehicle (AGV) steering system is presented. The dynamic steering model of distance error and orientation angle error for AGV is expressed. With least square method of system identification, the model of AGV is identified. Because a toy type of AGV is employed, its structure is simple, but AGV model parameters are variable according to the operating conditions and environment. In order to improve the dynamic performances of AGV, the intelligent coordinated control strategy is used to design the AGV controller in the AGV steering control system. Simulation and experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed control strategy.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicle (AGV),fuzzy control,intelligent coordination control,neural network control
Optimization the automated guided vehicles rules for a multiple-load AGV system using simulation and SAW, VICOR and TOPSIS methods in a FMS environment	2011	23rd European Modeling and Simulation Symposium, EMSS 2011	In this paper, several pickup/delivery and pickup/dispatching rules have been examined in an automated guided vehicle system which is the biggest set of strategies in the literature. The best control strategy has been determined considering some important criteria such as System Throughput(ST), Mean Flow Time of Parts (MFTP), Mean Tardiness of Parts (MFTP), AGV Idle Time (AGVIT), AGV Travel Full (AGVTF), AGV Travel Empty (AGVTE), AGV Load Time (AGVLT), AGV Unload Time (AGVUT), Mean Queue Length (MQL) and Mean Queue Waiting (MQW). All strategies have been ranked using SAW, VICOR and TOPSIS methods. For this reason, several simulation experiments were conducted to obtain the best solution. As the experimental results show the approach is effective enough to be used in real world environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	2	Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Control strategy,Ranking Methods
Impact of different unloading zone locations in transshipment terminals under various forklift dispatching rules	2011	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	Operators of less-than-truckload terminals face the challenge of improving their efficiency to reduce handling costs and increase the performance of the terminal due to small profit margins. This paper uses material flow simulation to address the impact of different operational levers on a forklift-based internal transportation system. For a given I-shaped terminal two concepts of locating unloading zones are compared and evaluated concerning travel time of forklifts. In addition, different dispatching rules for the forklifts are implemented to reduce the empty travel time of the forklift and identify the potential for improvement based on a distance-optimized fleet control.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Modelling and solution approaches to the multi-load AGV dispatching problem in container terminals	2011	Maritime Economics and Logistics	We consider the automated guided vehicle (AGV) dispatching problem in container terminals where vehicles are allowed to carry more than one container at a time. The main focus of the study is on dual-load AGVs, which may carry either two 20-ft containers or one 40/45-ft container. We propose a new mathematical formulation for the corresponding optimisation problem under a rolling horizon approach; the proposed model is a simplification over existing formulations. The performance of the model is evaluated against different scenarios with respect to minimising a defined dispatching cost. Our computational results are based on a number of scenarios for container terminals, with various layout configurations and levels of workload, and show that the model can generally be solved quickly providing good quality solutions.  2011 Macmillan Publishers Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	8	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	combinatorial optimisation,container terminals,dispatching,mixed-integer programming,multi-load AGVs
Simulation aided, knowledge based routing for AGVs in a distribution warehouse	2011	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	Traditional routing algorithms for real world AGV systems in warehouses compute static paths, which can only be adjusted to a limited degree in the event of unplanned disturbances. In our approach, we aim for a higher reactivity in such events and plan small steps of a path incrementally. The current traffic situation and also up to date time constraints for each AGV can then be considered. We compute each step in real time based on empirical data stored in a knowledge base. It contains information covering a broad temporal horizon of the system to prevent costly decisions that may occur when only considering short term consequences. The knowledge is gathered through machine learning from the results of multiple experiments in a discrete event simulation during preprocessing. We implemented and experimentally evaluated the algorithm in a test scenario and achieve a natural robustness against delays and failures.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	10	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Battery state estimation for applications in intelligent warehouses	2011	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	When it comes to AGVs (Automated Guide Vehicles) working in intelligent warehouse systems it is necessary to take into account that the use of batteries may impact the performance of the overall system. They need to be recharged or changed, and the time required to execute these operations might interfere in the AGV availability. Therefore, it is necessary to carry out a battery management procedure to ensure that the batteries have sufficient charges to perform the desired tasks. This paper describes a method based on the Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) to estimate the Batteries State of Charge (SOC). The estimated consumption is compared with the SOC obtained by the EKF. A series of experiments using mini-robotic forklifts were performed to evaluate the method. The experimental results have shown its effectiveness using resistive loads. This methodology allowed estimating the battery consumption for a certain route of the mini-robotic forklift in the warehouse and verifying the load capacity available for the mini-robotic forklift to accomplish a task assigned by the warehouse routing system.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	10	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Multi-robot manipulation and maintenance for fault-tolerant systems	2011	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	Ensuring fault tolerance of robotic systems is a challenge for factory automation. This paper focuses on multirobot manipulation and maintenance for fault-tolerant systems. For this purpose, a manipulation strategy of multiple mobile robots, that enables a system to continue operating even if a working robot undergoes preventive maintenance or fails and undergoes corrective maintenance, is implemented. In addition, a robot failure and a maintenance policy for preventive and corrective maintenance activities are mathematically modeled on the basis of reliability engineering. Thus, working robots are allowed to undergo preventive maintenance at an optimal interval and corrective maintenance each time they fail. Finally, through simulation experiments, the effectiveness of an integrated multi-robot manipulation and maintenance in industrial applications is shown.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Mapping-based positioning strategies for LGV	2011	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Positioning is the core of a LGV system. The basic concepts of positioning LGV are first introduced. On the basis of the concepts, the positioning process is divided into two steps, mapping and calculating. Two main categories of mapping process, fullmap and quickmap, are proposed. Quickmap are further discussed as position-based quickmap and angle-based quickmap. Fullmap is based on geometrical matching while quickmap is based on continuous mapping. Based on different mapping strategies, the calculating processes are accordingly different. Least Square Method is used to refine the result of position-based strategies, including fullmap and position-based quickmap. Least Square Quasi-Newton method is used to calculate the result of angle-based strategy, which here is angle-based quickmap.  2011 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	LGV,Mapping,Positioning
Sound guidance vehicle based on AT89S52	2011	PEAM 2011 - Proceedings: 2011 IEEE Power Engineering and Automation Conference	This system centers on high-performance microcontroller AT89S52. Through the motor control on ASSP chip MMC-1 which controlling two DC motors, it can achieve accuracy position control of the moving acoustic. The buzzer can make an aural signal on a certain frequency using the microcontroller AT89S52. Because the distances between the three audio receivers and the moving acoustic are different, the signal they receive has a certain time difference. Then the control system makes a control signal according to the time difference. This signal is transmitted to the moving sound source through a wireless transceiver module and guides its motion.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering	AT89S52,buzzer,MMC-1
Adaptive backstepping sliding mode control of uncertain nonholonomic AGV	2011	Huanan Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of South China University of Technology (Natural Science)	Proposed in this paper is a trajectory tracking control scheme of (2, 0)-type nonholonomic AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle). In this scheme, the complex nonlinear dynamic system of AGV is taken into consideration, and the standard input-output nonlinear feedback control is employed to linearize the system. Moreover, in order to overcome the model parameter uncertainty and external unknown disturbances of the AGV, a general uncertain dynamic model of AGV with the output from the actuator is established, and a position servo compensation using an adaptive backstepping sliding mode controller based on the Lyapunov stability theorem is implemented, which ensures the stability and asymptotic convergence of the system. Simulated results show that the proposed scheme not only weakens the chattering during the sliding mode control but also eliminates the impacts of model uncertainty and external disturbances on the system, so that it helps to track the desired trajectory for AGV rapialy and accurately.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Engineering (all)	Adaptive backstepping sliding mode control,Automated guided vehicle,Trajectory tracking,Uncertain system
Implementation of laser navigation system using particle filter	2011	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	This paper presents a positioning method of the laser guidance with a particle filter for an AGV (automatic guided vehicle). Wired guidance and magnetic guidance system have been used mainly for AGV's guidance in industry. However, these guidance systems have an expensive installation cost and a difficult maintenance. Therefore, the laser guidance system as a wireless guidance system is increasingly used. However, this system has a number of positioning errors when the AGV turns or moves fast by the characteristics of the laser guidance which detects reflectors using a rotating header within the particular operating environment. Hence, this paper proposes a positioning method to improve the performance of the laser guidance system. The proposed system integrates two encoders, a gyro sensor and laser guidance through the particle filter. To verify the performance of the proposed positioning method, we compare the positioning accuracy of the proposed method with an existing product of the laser guidance system. The experimental results show that the proposed method is more accurate than the existing product.  2011 ICROS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,laser navigation,localization,particle filter,sensor fusion
Application of pseudo-analysis in the synchronization of container terminal equipment operation	2011	Acta Polytechnica Hungarica	Based on the global increase in the volume of containerized goods, there is an emerging need for analysis and improvement in all aspects of the logistic chain of container transport. Mathematical description of equipment operation in container terminal is of key importance for understanding complex container terminals. This paper presents an innovative concept in the modeling of a container reloading operation inside a container terminal and its equipment based on pseudo-analysis in the form of max-plus semiring. The presented synchronization of the equipment operation (quay container cranes and automated guided vehicles, shortly AGV) during container unloading leads to minimization of the required number of automated guided vehicles. The presented method is demonstrated in a numerical example.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	6	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Container terminal,Max-plus semiring,Pseudo-analysis,Synchronization of equipment
Modeling and simulation of row based flexible manufacturing systems	2011	International Journal of Applied Engineering Research	This paper discusses about modeling and simulation of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) in one or multiple rows. Poor layout would result in more parts spending longer time moving from one machine to another, and thus results in increased material handling cost. Developing an optimum layout is concerned with the location and arrangement of manufacturing facilities, cells or machines within the cells while minimizing cost. The layout problem is assignment of m machines to m locations and is known to be a NP hard problem. The layout design problem is both tactically and strategically important since the layout plays a larger role in determining the efficiency and flexibility of the system. Simulation enables more efficient planning of the whole manufacturing process, easy modifications before implementation on the real system A model of a layout both in single and multi row that may contain a number of manufacturing cells, input and output buffers and operators used as a means of transport in FMS is built by flex-sim software, for different arrangement of devises and an analysis is done on the model. By performing simulation on the model the most favourable number of rows and the sequence of devices in the individual rows are established.  Research India Publications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Engineering (all)	FMS,Modeling,Optimization,Simulation
Rollover of carton box cargoes on a moving cart	2011	Journal of Packaging Science and Technology	Deliveries of carton box cargoes by a cart occasionally cause rollover of the cargo in cornering of the cart. The authors assumed that the rollover was theoretically explained by the balance of moment between gravity and centrifugal force at the corner. In order to prove the assumption the authors carried out experiments of the rollover in which two different carton box cargoes loading real merchandises and an automated guided vehicle (AGV) as a moving cart were deployed. The AGV run at corners of three different radiuses. The result of the experiment fundamentally showed the rightness of the assumption. In addition, it was discovered that another centrifugal force existed on the surface of the AGV when the cargo placed at different locations on it on which occurrence of the rollover depended.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials	Cart,Carton box cargo,Centrifugal force,Moment of a force,Rollover
Combinatorial auction method for decentralized task assignment of multiple-loading capacity AGV based on intelligent agent architecture	2011	Proceedings - 2011 2nd International Conference on Innovations in Bio-Inspired Computing and Applications, IBICA 2011	Distributed manufacturing system has steadily becoming more significant for topics for researchers within manufacturing industry. It is due to the reason that it could provide higher flexibility for an organization to cope with a demanding and fluctuating market. This paper proposes distributed task assignment mechanism for multi-load Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) operation in manufacturing industry. The architecture is based on multi-agent system (MAS) while the task assignment is based on combinatorial auction method. Additionally, necessary improvement have been made to the standard combinatorial auction method to support dynamic attributes of AGV task assignment mechanism.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Biotechnology,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications	autonomous AGV,combinatorial auction,intelligent agent,multi-load capacity
AGVs' action control in decentralized autonomous FMS by mind	2011	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	This paper describes the system that can efficiently control Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) movings for Decentralized Autonomous Flexible Manufacturing Systems (DA-FMS). Especially, the paper proposes the mind model called Minimum Unit of Mind (MUM). Because of the characteristics of MUM, that is a mind change, AGVs can efficiently avoid the route interferences even if many AGVs are operating in DA-FMS. The components of MUM are two stimulation cells, a box and an arrow. After some application simulations, it is ascertained that MUM is useful for avoiding AGV route interferences.  2011 The Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Decentralized Autonomous Systems,FMS,Mind,Production System
Magnetic design of a 300 W under-floor contactless Power Transfer system	2011	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	This paper presents a new magnetic design for an Inductive (contactless) Power Transfer system (IPT) suitable for Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) applications. A new receiver is introduced in this paper, called a Bipolar Pad (BPP) pickup. This IPT system is designed to operate at a frequency of 10 kHz and is intended for use in material handling industrial applications. 3D Finite Element Method (FEM) software is used to analyse and design this system to transfer up to 300W across an air gap of 30 mm. A tolerance of 150 mm to lateral displacement on either side of the centre of a single phase track, which uses four conductors, is possible.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	electromagnetic coupling,finite element modelling,Inductive power transfer,magnetic design,pickup,track
A study of the performance of concrete block pavements in container terminals	2011	20th Australasian Coastal and Ocean Engineering Conference 2011 and the 13th Australasian Port and Harbour Conference 2011, COASTS and PORTS 2011	Concrete block pavements (CBPs) have been used for heavy duty pavements in Container Terminals for over 25 years based on their advantages to withstand the severe dynamic and static loadings, resistance to fuel and hydraulic oil damage, settlement and differential settlement as well and in many instances being more economical than asphalt or rigid concrete pavements. Whilst CBPs have performed well for many projects there are some projects where the performance has not been as expected and premature pavement failures have occurred, particularly in terminals where the heavier container handling equipment such as Rubber Tyred Gantry Cranes, Automatic Guided Vehicles, Straddle Carriers and Reach Stackers are used. This paper reviews recent experiences in a number of container terminals around the world where premature fatigue and pavement failures have been experienced in terminals using the heavier container handling equipment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Ocean Engineering	Concrete block paving,Failures,Heavy duty pavements,Performance,Ports and industrial areas
Concept of cellular transport systems in facility logistics	2011	ICARA 2011 - Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Automation, Robotics and Applications	The proposed concept of a Cellular Transport System shows the possibilities to increase the flexibility and changeability of facility logistics systems and enhances the ease of use of complex decentralized control systems. This contribution shows how to enhance these issues compared to conventional facility logistics systems, e.g. static conveyors, by using an autonomous vehicle swarm. Cellular Transport Systems are based on dedicated (cellular) material handling entities. Generally, these cells consist of autonomous transport vehicles (ATVs) or autonomous conveying modules. Various functions such as advanced sensor/actuator interoperation, highly reliable communication, localization and energy management are implemented in each of this cells, facilitating different forms of adaptive, anticipatory and collective behavior. Furthermore, Swarm Intelligence enables the creation of a collective that interacts and cooperates amongst each other in order to solve complex tasks.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	41	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle,Cellular Transport System,Facility Logistics,Internet-of-Things,Multi-Agent System,Swarm Intelligence
RFID-Based Critical Path Expert System for Agility Manufacture Process Management	2011	Communications in Computer and Information Science	This paper presents a critical path expert system for the agility manufacture process management based on radio frequency identification (RFID) technology. The paper explores that the agility manufacture processes can be visible and controllable with RFID. The critical paths or activities can be easily found out and tracked by the RFID tracing technology. And the expert system can optimize the bottle neck of the task process of the agility management with the critical path adjusting and reforming method. Finally, the paper gives a simple application example of the system to discuss how to adjust the critical paths and how to make the process more agility and flexibility with the critical path expert system. With an RFID-based critical path expert system, the agility manufacture process management will be more effective and efficient.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2011.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Agility Manufacture,Critical Path,Expert System,Process Management,Radio Frequency Identification
AGV global localization using indistinguishable artificial landmarks	2011	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	In this paper we consider the global localization problem for an industrial AGV moving in a known environment. The problem consists of determining the pose of the vehicle without any prior information about its location. The vehicle is supposed to be equipped with a laser scanner that allows to measure the range and bearing of the vehicle with respect to a set of anonymous landmarks. A map with the positions of all landmarks in the environment is available to the localization system. We propose a novel algorithm for AGV self-localization based on landmarks identification that can take into account also false detections, very common in industrial environments. The pose is computed with a single scan (2D), without any sensor fusion. The performance of the proposed strategy is shown both by simulations and experiments on real industrial plants.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	45	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Proving the safety of autonomous systems with formal methods-What can you expect?	2011	Studies in Computational Intelligence	This contribution briefly recapitulates the notions of autonomous systems and formal methods and clarifies their meaning as used in the following. Two examples of possible fallacies with formal syntax and semantics are given, but irrespectively of that, a perfect formal method is assumed for the rest of the paper. In the main part three examples are given, where even with a perfect formal proof of certain safety aspects, safety may nevertheless be compromised. The reasons for this are environmental influence, unaccounted world knowledge, and misbehaviour of neighbour systems. As conclusion, however, the use of formal methods is not discouraged at all, but awareness of the limitations of formal methods is requested from everybody.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence	None
Analyzing the learning performance of agents based on the Wang-Mendel algorithm	2011	Proceedings of the IADIS International Conference Intelligent Systems and Agents 2011, Part of the IADIS Multi Conference on Computer Science and Information Systems 2011, MCCSIS 2011	Learning from human experts with the purpose of being able to replicate an expert user's behavior is a feature common to many artificially intelligent algorithms. The Wang-Mendel algorithm offers a simple solution to integrating a mobile agent with an AI-based controller, but it comes with trade-offs. This paper explores the limitations of such algorithm by studying how it behaves when learning as well as performing with different granularity Fuzzy Associative Memories.  2011 IADIS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Artificial Intelligence,Fuzzy sets,Information fusion,Line-follower,Performance analysis,Wang-Mendel algorithm
Implementation of distributed architecture based on CAN networks for unmanned forklift	2011	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	Unmanned forklifts have a great potential to enhance the productivity of material handling in various applications because these forklifts can pick up and deliver loads without an operator and any fixed guide. There are, however, many technical difficulties in developing such forklifts including localization, map building, sensor fusion, control, and so on. Implementation, which is often neglected, is one of the practical issues in developing such an autonomous device. This is because the system requires numerous sensors, actuators, and controllers that need to be connected with each other, and the number of connections grows very rapidly as the number of devices grows. Another requirement on the integration is that the system should allow changes in the system design so that modification and addition of system components can be accommodated without too much effort. This paper presents a network-based distributed approach where system components are connected to a shared CAN network, and control functions are divided into small tasks that are distributed over a number of microcontrollers with a limited computing capacity.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A wall-following strategy for mobile robots based on self-convergence	2011	2011 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, ROBIO 2011	This paper proposes a novel wall-following strategy for mobile robots. This strategy establishes the self-convergence mathematical model by analyzing the relationship between the motion characteristics of mobile robots and installation position of sensors. Different from conventional wall-following approaches that are mostly based on the multi-sensor information fusion technology, this strategy manages to execute the wall-following activity with only a single distance proximity switch. This approach brings several advantages over the previous ones, including the avoidance of mutual interference between sensors and reduction of high hardware cost. In this paper we present the establishment, analysis and implementation of this strategy, with showing the experimental results and giving its potential applications.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	mobile robot,self-convergence,wall-following
Motion planning on mobile robots using differential flatness	2011	IEEE Latin America Transactions	A solution for the trajectory tracking in a non holonomic vehicles, descript as mobile robot is presented in this article. Using boundary values, the desired trajectories are parameterized in a polynomial through a point to point tracking algorithm. The system is driven by the trajectory applying the Differential Flatness properties, which calculates the input values necessaries to perform the trajectory. In order to evaluate the tracking, are applied polynomial and trigonometric trajectories, and is presented that the vehicle made the path analogous to the trajectory with a deviation along the movement, this deviation are related with the nature of the equations that define the path.  2005 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Colombia	9	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Flat systems,Mobile robots,Non holonomic systems,Point to point tracking,Trajectory generation
An efficient algorithm for UAV indoor pose estimation using vanishing geometry	2011	Proceedings of the 12th IAPR Conference on Machine Vision Applications, MVA 2011	This paper presents an efficient vision algorithm to recover the pose of an indoor unmanned aerial vehicle with respect to a structured scene based on vanishing geometry. Specifically, the ground plane vanishing line and a vanishing point are calculated from a set of equally-spaced parallel lines. By using such geometries, an elegant closed-form expression is derived to compute the rotation matrix of the camera. This rotation matrix is then used in a constrained estimation of the camera location. Moreover, a fast line detection algorithm is proposed where one dimensional edge detections are performed to a sampled subset of image pixels. Since only minimal features are utilized, complex algorithms such as RANSAC and Levenberg-Marquadt optimization remain computationally feasible in real time. The whole processing can reach an average of 25.6 frames per second on an embedded computer: Gumstix. Lastly, The proposed algorithms are successfully verified in simulations and fly tests conducted under several conditions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	3	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	Pose estimation,Real-time system,Track following,UAV indoor navigation,Vanishing line,Vanishing point
Embedded visual SLAM for navigation of an autonomous vehicle	2011	Proceedings of the 2nd IASTED International Conference on Robotics, Robo 2011	An important objective of an autonomous vehicle is to navigate through an unknown environment. A method used to achieve this objective is to generate a map. A map provides the means to the vehicle to create paths between the visited places autonomously in order to perform a task. A particular problem is to obtain such a map when there is no initial knowledge of the surroundings or not even the initial position of the robot in the environment. The present paper shows a new design of a Visual SLAM processor that solves this problem and it is implemented on an FPGA. The processor is then tested on a differential traction mobile robot with a computer vision system that travels on a controlled unknown environment. The experimental results obtained show a good performance in real time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	0	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction	Autonomous vehicle,Embedded system,Visual slam
Real time aerodynamic coefficient identification using a novel sliding mode estimator	2011	AIAA Infotech at Aerospace Conference and Exhibit 2011	In this work, a novel technique for the real time identification of uncertain nonlinear aircraft aerodynamic coefficients has been developed and analyzed. The major objective of this paper is to develop and demonstrate a system for parameter identification in a real time flight environment. This system should be able to calculate aerodynamic coefficient information using typical pilot inputs while ensuring robust, stable, and rapid convergence. The parameter estimator investigated is based upon the nonlinear sliding mode control schema; one of the main advantages of the sliding mode estimator is the ability to guarantee a stable and robust convergence. Stable convergence is ensured by choosing a sliding surface and function that satisfies the Lyapunov stability criteria. After a proper sliding surface has been chosen, the nonlinear equations of motion for an F-16 aircraft are substituted into the sliding surface yielding an estimator capable of identifying a single aircraft parameter. Multiple sliding surfaces are then developed for each of the different flight parameters that will be identified. Sliding surfaces and parameter estimators have been developed and simulated for the pitching moment, lift force, and drag force coefficients of the F-16 aircraft. Comparing the estimated coefficients with the reference coefficients shows rapid and stable convergence for a variety of pilot inputs. Starting with simple doublet and sin wave commands, and followed by more complicated continuous pilot inputs, estimated aerodynamic coefficients have been shown to match the actual coefficients with a high degree of accuracy. This estimator is also shown to be superior to model reference or adaptive estimators, it is able to handle positive and negative estimated parameters and control inputs along with guaranteeing Lyapunov stability during convergence.  2011 by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Inc. All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Engineering (all)	None
High efficient synchronization-on-demand protocol of IEEE802.15.4 wireless sesnor network for construction monitoring	2011	Proceedings of the 28th International Symposium on Automation and Robotics in Construction, ISARC 2011	The Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) technology has been employed in the field of civil engineering especially in structural monitoring and construction safety. To be used in construction safely, the time-synchronization within the sensor network is required to obtain important correlations between events, such as the prevention of equipment collisions. In this work, a high efficient time synchronization method is developed for the ultra-precise localization system to prevent collision accident in construction sites. Without interfering the operation of the whole sensor network, the developed protocol can locally synchronize several nodes within 10ms. By measuring the time uncertainly information through the time stamping, wireless sensor nodes can be synchronized with only two transmitted packages from the beacon or specific nodes. Based on this proposed approach, 0.8 micro-seconds synchronization error was experimentally achieved on an IEEE802.15.4 platform. By employing the developed method, the localization system is implemented and experimentally examined to have the accuracy within several cm in the range of 2m. This system can be used to prevent the collision between construction equipments. Therefore, this work demonstrated a simple and efficient approach to obtain good accuracy, low communication overhead, and robust synchronization for most wireless sensor network platforms to be used in automated monitoring in constructions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Building and Construction	Anti-collision system,Synchronization,Ultrasonic localization,Wireless sensor network
High-precision ultrasonic ranging system platform based on peak-detected self-interference technique	2011	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	A high-precision ultrasonic ranging system platform is presented and evaluated in this work. By queuing peaks of the self-destructive interference, the proposed hardware platform can enhance the accuracy without complex algorithms. At the emitter, the developed technique generates two amplitude-modulated pulses with 180 ° phase shift. At the receiver, on the other hand, the two pulses create a self-destructive interference. This interference waveform can be used to directly determine the time of flight. By implementing the developed technique on a low-cost microcontroller platform, the experimental result shows the accuracy with 0.06 mm over a range of 50-1000 mm. Moreover, the system accuracy remains 0.15 mm within the range of 2000 mm. The developed system establishes an effective method for low-cost and high-performance ranging systems.  2011 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	11	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distance measurement,self-interference,ultrasonic system
Multiagent modeling and xml-like description of discrete transport system	2011	Transport and Telecommunication	The paper describes a novel idea to monitoring and modeling of Discrete Transport System (DTS). We propose the formal model of the transport system with the approach to its modelling based on the system behaviour observation. The proposed method is based on specified description languages that can be seen as a bridge between the system description (as a mathematical or expert specification) and the analysis tools. The DTS is a simplified case of the Polish Post. Using a multilevel-agent based architecture the realistic data are collected. Described architecture can be found as a basis for a tool that can visualize and analyze data, with respect to the real parameters. Absence of any restrictions on the system structure and on the kind of distribution describing the system functional and reliability parameters is the main advantage of the approach. The paper presents some exemplar system modeling based on a case study. The proposed approach can be used as a helpful tool to administrate the system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	3	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	Agent management system,Discrete Transport System,Reliability
Planning container terminal layouts considering equipment types and storage block design	2011	Operations Research/ Computer Science Interfaces Series	Currently, several container terminals are being expanded, redesigned or newly built. In all those cases the layout of the container terminal has to be designed. We discuss different technologies which can be used for container terminal operation and describe their impact on the terminal layout. Different container terminal layout categories are defined. For a layout which is typical for the use of automated rail-mounted gantry cranes we propose a procedure to calculate promising storage yard configurations. The results show that smaller block widths lead to higher yard performances, but also to higher cost. Using the proposed block design problem, we are able to calculate all non-dominated solutions, which enables terminal planners to choose a solution for their specific situation. Moreover, we analyze the impact of the reefer racks distribution on the yard performance. The results show that an equal distribution of reefer racks over the existing storage blocks allows the best workload distribution.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Germany	22	Computer Science (all),Management Science and Operations Research	None
Critical situations evaluation of discrete transportation systems	2011	Transport and Telecommunication	The paper presents the formal model of discrete transportation systems (DTS). The modelling methodology is based on the system functional behaviour. Monte Carlo approach is used as a simulation tool. The actual DTS situation is measured by the global metric called availability. The proposed solution is very useful for the system owner and manager. The critical situations are caused by reliability, functional and human origin. Absence of restrictions on the system structure and on the kind of distribution describing the system functional and reliability parameters is the main advantage of the approach. The exemplar DTS driven into critical situation is presented in the final part. The results show and discuss different ways to restore the normal operating point. The proposed solution seems to be essential for the owner and administrator of the transportation systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	Critical sets,Discrete transportation system,Monte-Carlo simulation,Reliability
Multi-optimization of N 3-splines for autonomous parking	2011	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	This paper proposes a multi-optimization approach to the autonomous parking of car-like vehicles. It uses a polynomial curve primitive - the η 3-spline - to build up intrinsically feasible path maneuvers over which to minimize with a weighted sum method the total length of parking paths and the moduli of the maximum path curvature and curvature derivative. The approach takes into account the mandatory constraint of obstacle avoidance and maximal steering angle and the constraint of maximal curvature derivative which is a selectable limit to ensure the desired smoothness of the parking paths. Simulation results are included for a garage parking example.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	None
Factors affecting seaport capacity	2011	MODSIM 2011 - 19th International Congress on Modelling and Simulation - Sustaining Our Future: Understanding and Living with Uncertainty	One of the most important dynamic problems that decision makers face in today's maritime ports is where and how to upgrade the existing port capacity for rising port demands due to continuous growth in containerized trade and the tendency for bigger ships to visit ports. Academia and corporate interests in capacity planning and capacity management have risen considerably in recent years. To establish the field further, the purposes of this paper are three fold. It (1) identifies consequences of capacity shortage at seaports and corresponding supply chains; (2) offers a conceptual framework to summarize the research in the field concerned with the factors influencing seaport capacity using a holistic approach after reviewing academic and industry-related papers; (3) and finally, concludes by suggesting promising research tracks on factors affecting capacity. In Particular, we explore the specific roles of deterministic simulation and stochastic simulation as future research directions in this rapidly changing and challenging maritime domain. This study is significant as there is limited literature on this subject concerning factors affecting capacity and studies carried out so far on capacity improvement mechanisms are constrained principally by the lack of integrated points of view.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	4	Modeling and Simulation	Capacity,Container terminal,Performance,Productivity,Simulation
Practical applications for mobile robots based on mecanum wheels - a systematic survey	2011	Romanian Review Precision Mechanics, Optics and Mechatronics	In this paper a literature review concerning practical applications for mobile robotic platforms based on special wheels (in this case, Mecanum wheel) is presented. Mobile robots equipped with four Mecanum wheels have the omnidirectional property, which means, they have the ability to move instantaneously in any direction, from any configuration. Therefore, compared to conventional platforms, these vehicles possess multiple advantages in terms of their mobility in narrow spaces or crowded environments. They have the ability to easily perform certain tasks in congested environments foreseen with static obstacles, dynamic obstacles or narrow areas. Usually, such environments are found in factory workshops, warehouses, hospitals, etc. Hence the resulting needs to create this kind of robotic platforms to satisfy the requirements of various fields, such as: industrial, military, naval, medical and last but not least, the educational field (as the basis for research). The characteristics of the Mecanum wheel, a short comparison between this type of wheel and a conventional wheel, as well as the constructive and design solutions previously developed are described in the first part of this paper. Then, some application fields and the related systems based on Mecanum wheel are presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Romania	20	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials	AGV,Mecanum wheel,Omnidirectional mobile robot
Temporal coercion of Petri nets Coercition temporelle de réseaux de Petri	2011	Journal Europeen des Systemes Automatises	The problem of the sythesis of time bounds enforcing good properties for reactive systems has been much studied in the literature. These works mainly rely on dioid algebra theory and require important restrictions on the structure of the model (notably by restricting to timed event graphs). In this paper, we address the problems of existence and synthesis of tightenings of the bounds of the time intervals of a time Petri net, such that a given property is verified. We show that this problem is decidable for CTL properties on bounded time Petri nets. We then propose a symbolic algorithm based on the state class graph for a fragment of CTL. If the desired property "includes" k-boundedness, the proposed algorithm terminates even if the net is unbounded. A prototype has been implemented in our tool Romeo.  2011 Lavoisier, Paris.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Model-checking,State-class graph,Time interval tightening,Time Petri nets
Development of a simulation-based optimisation for controlling operation allocation and material handling equipment selection in FMS	2011	International Journal of Production Research	Flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is described as a set of computerised numerical controlled machines, input-output buffers interconnected by automated material handling devices. This paper develops a bi-objective operation allocation and material handling equipment selection problem in FMS with the aim of minimising the machine operation, material handling and machine setup costs and maximising the machine utilisation. The proposed model is solved by a modified chaotic ant swarm simulation based optimisation (CAS 2O) while applying pre-selection and discrete recombination operators is surveyed a capable method to simulate different experiments of FMS problems. A test problem is selected from the literature to evaluate the performance of the proposed approach. The results validate the effectiveness of the proposed method to solve the FMS scheduling problem.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	9	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated flexible manufacturing system,Material handling equipment selection,Operation allocation,Simulation based optimisation
Optimization of operations in maritime container terminals Optimización de las operaciones en terminales marítimas de contenedores: UNA aproximación a la problemática en terminales españolas	2011	Journal of Maritime Research	The objective of this article is to present a general analysis of the various different elements that comprise the operating chain or process for working a containercarrier vessel, defining the operating ratios involved and the relationships between them; similarly, the parameters that influence the operational process are indicated. This paper includes an approach to the problem focused on a casestudy: the Spanish terminals. We have carried out a quantitative analysis that allows comparative strategies to be established and applied to practical cases. The correct planning and execution of operations on a container-carrier vessel is a decisive element in the strategy of a Terminal. Numerous factors come into play and some of these, but only some, can be controlled. Experience and knowledge of the problems that can arise is fundamental when attempting to deal with these operations. We put aside, for the time being, the initiatives a terminal can take to optimize yard distribution, as well as reducing the impact of berthing problems. We consider the different measures of the various kinds of production, and the difficulties that could be encountered in trying to maximize productivity. Finally, we offer some suggestions regarding what is being done presently at the terminals to achieve their operating targets.  2011. SEECMAR.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	1	Cultural Studies,History,Ocean Engineering	Container terminal,Optimization,Port management,Spain
Parameterized collision region for centralized motion planning of multiagents along specified paths	2011	Robotica	Summary This paper presents closed-form analytic solutions for collision detection among multiagents traveling along specified paths. Previous solutions for centralized multiagent systems have mainly used iterative computational approaches for collision detection, which impose a heavy computational burden on the systems. In this paper, we formalize a new mathematical approach to overcoming the difficulty on the basis of simple continuous curvature (SCC) path modeling and a collision representation tool, extended collision map (ECM) method. The formulation permits all the potential collisions to be detected, represented, and parameterized with physical and geometric variables. The proposed parameterized collision region (PCR) method is a simple but precise, computationally efficient tool for describing complicated potential collisions with time traveled. Several simulations are presented to validate the proposed approach for use in centralized collision detectors and to compare the results with those of the iterative computational method and the proximity query package (PQP) method that are available.  Cambridge University Press 2011.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Centralized approach,Collision detection,Mobile robots,Motion planning,Multirobot systems
Recent advances on agricultural software: A review	2011	Agriculture Research and Technology	Simulating, monitoring and controlling processes are foundations of modern agricultural management. The main objective of researchers on this field is to improve the efficiency of these procedures, enhancing their precision, speed and accuracy by using new concepts and innovative tools. With this, the use of software-based tools for controlling, monitoring, sizing and simulating agricultural processes is becoming ever more important and reliable. Over the years, the versatility, accuracy and userfriendliness offered by the software and the systems managed by them, have led to their increased take-up by the agricultural engineering community. New systems based on robotics, data transmission via Internet, artificial machine and other technologies have been shown capable of reducing agriculture's current dependency on chemical products, improving its sustainability, reducing its environmental impact and optimizing its management. For this, professionals must work in multidisciplinary research groups and to accompany the rapid evolution of computers technologies. Thus, this paper reviews developments in this subject between 2005 and 2008, emphasizing applications in precision agriculture, farm management, agricultural decision support and agricultural economics.  2011 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Brazil	1	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Agricultural research,Control,Monitoring,Simulation,Software
Data consistence for distributed vision-based traffic surveillance systems	2011	Proceedings - 2011 International Conference on Internet Computing and Information Services, ICICIS 2011	How to stipulate data consistence is very important when developing software packages for integrating or modifying the existing distributed vision-based traffic surveillance systems into a larger one. We extend our previous holonic architecture to verify formally the data consistence of the novel system via an intermediate modular using a STF-based set theoretical approach under the assumption that all existing subsystems are data consistent.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Data consistence,distributed Vision-based traffic surveillance systems,Holons,Software engineering
On the design for AGVs: Modeling, path planning and localization	2011	2011 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2011	Intelligent warehouse becomes a key component of logistics process automation, which essentially promotes the productivity and cost reduction. This paper presents a novel design solution of an Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) system for intelligent warehouse. An improved version of classical Dijkstra shortest-path algorithm is proposed for efficient global path planning. In the case of multi-AGV, the time windows method is used to address the issue of conflict and deadlock. In addition, the local path planning and auto-localization is addressed by using a heuristics-based algorithm and Monte Carlo Localization algorithm respectively. Extensive numerical experiments based on Player/Stage simulator are carried out to assess the suggested algorithms, for a range of scenarios and the result well validates its effectiveness. Currently the proposed design solution is adopted in developing the prototype of AGVs to be deployed in practice.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	11	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGVs,Improved Dijkstra algorithm,Path planning
Robust pseudo-random fiducial marker for indoor localization	2011	ROSE 2011 - IEEE International Symposium on Robotic and Sensors Environments, Proceedings	This paper proposes a reliable fiducial marker system that is based on Pseudo-Random Arrays. The marker system describes a planar surface that specifies multi-bit information, which can be efficiently detected in a color image. It provides excellent robustness to occlusion through the use of two digital encoding techniques, Cyclic Redundancy Check and Reed Solomon Error Correction. In environments where color coding is feasible, an estimate of the camera pose relative to the marker can be obtained in a single image. The System relies on a low resolution camera and thus provides real-time results suitable for indoor localization applications.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	1	Human-Computer Interaction,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	cyclic redundancy check,fiducial marker,indoor localization,pseudo-random arrays,reed solomon error correction
A GA-based method to reduce material handling: The case of TFT-LCD array Fabs in Taiwan	2011	International Journal of Production Research	This study proposes a genetic algorithm (GA)-based Material Handling Strategy Function (MHSF) method to increase the productivity of a TFT-LCD array fabrication to improve the traditional FIFO method in TFT-LCD fabrication by the reduction of the material handling for a Rail Guided Vehicle (RGV), because costs of material handling count up to about 50% of production costs. In this article, the MHSF is provided to help material handling commands choice, where a novel GA approach is used to adapt the weights of affecting factors in the function. Finally, to evaluate the performance of the proposed method, experiments using the data from a major TFT-LCD manufacturing plant in Taiwan have been carried out, and the results indicate that it can indeed reduce fabrication time and increase productivity.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	array process,material handling,Material Handling Strategy Function,productivity,RGV,TFT-LCD
An auction-based approach with closed-loop bid adjustment to dynamic task allocation in robot teams	2011	Proceedings of the World Congress on Engineering 2011, WCE 2011	Dynamic task allocation is among the most difficult issues in multi-robot coordination, although it is imperative for a multitude of applications. Auction-based approaches are popular methods that allocate tasks to robots by assembling team information at a single location to make practicable decisions. However, a main deficiency of auction-based methods is that robots generally do not have sufficient information to estimate reliable bids to perform tasks, particularly in dynamic environments. While some techniques have been developed to improve bidding, they are mostly open-looped without feed-back adjustments to tune the bid prices for subsequent tasks of the same type. Robots' bids, if not assessed and adjusted accordingly, may not be trustworthy and would indeed impede team performance. To address this issue, we propose a closed-loop bid adjustment mechanism for auction-based multi-robot task allocation, with an aim to evaluate and improve robots' bids, and hence enhance the overall team performance. Each robot in a team maintains and uses its own track record as closed-loop feedback information to adjust and improve its bid prices. After a robot has completed a task, it assesses and records its performance to reflect the discrepancy between the bid price and the actual cost of the task. Such performance records, with time-discounting factors, are taken into account to damp out fluctuations of bid prices. Adopting this adjustment mechanism, a task would be more likely allocated to a competent robot that submits a more accurate bid price, and hence improve the overall team performance. Simulation of task allocation of free-range automated guided vehicles serving at a container terminal is presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the adjustment mechanism.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	4	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all),Applied Mathematics	Auction,Bid adjustment,Dynamic environments,Multi-robot,Task allocation
A closed-loop bid adjustment approach to dynamic task allocation of robots	2011	Engineering Letters	Dynamic task allocation is among the most difficult issues in multi-robot coordination, although it is imperative for a multitude of applications. Auction-based approaches are popular methods that aim to assemble robot team information at a single location to make practicable decisions on task allocation. However, a main deficiency of auction-based methods is that robots generally do not have sufficient information to estimate accurate and reliable bids to perform tasks, particularly in dynamic environments where there are operational uncertainties. While some techniques have been developed to improve bidding, they are mostly open-looped without feed-back adjustments to tune the bid prices for subsequent tasks of the same type. Robots' bids, if not assessed and adjusted accordingly, may not be trustworthy and would indeed impede team performance. To address this issue, we propose a closed-loop bid adjustment mechanism for auction-based multi-robot task allocation to evaluate and improve robots' bids, and hence enhance the overall team performance. Each robot in a team maintains and uses its own track record as closed-loop feedback information to adjust and improve its bid prices. After a robot has completed a task, it ssesses and records its performance to reflect the discrepancy between the submitted bid price and the corresponding actual cost of the task. A series of such performance records, with time-discounting factors, are taken into account to damp out fluctuations of bid adjustments. Adopting this adjustment mechanism, a task would be more likely allocated to a competent robot that submits a more accurate bid price, and hence improve the overall team performance. Simulation of task allocation of free-range automated guided vehicles serving at a container terminal is presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the bid adjustment mechanism.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	5	Engineering (all)	Auction,Bid adjustment,Dynamic environments,Multi-robot,Task allocation
Typical automation functions and their distribution in automation systems	2011	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	The reutilization of proven automation solutions for automation systems is an essential approach to increase the profitability of engineering services. Additionally, distributed systems are increasingly important in automation systems. For this reason, this paper focuses on the aspect of distributed systems combined with the reutilization of automation tasks and solutions in the domains of process and production automation. To address this purpose the research project "Functional application design of Distributed Automation systems" (FAVA) was launched. This paper presents the objective of this research project, identifies deficits of the state-of-the-art and describes automation systems which have been analyzed in the FAVA project to identify automation tasks and their variants regarding to the distribution.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	11	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Optimal Petri net supervisor with lowest implemental cost for flexible manufacturing systems	2011	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper develops a place invariant based deadlock prevention method to obtain an optimal Petri net supervisor by considering its implemental cost. A supervisor is expressed by control places and the arcs connecting control places to transitions. We assign an implemental cost for each control place and arc. Maximally permissiveness can be achieved by designing place invariants that make all legal markings reachable while all first-met bad marking unreachable. By solving an integer linear programming problem (ILPP), a set of optimal control places are obtained and the objective function is used to minimize the implemental cost of the final supervisor. A vector covering approach is used to reduce the number of constraints and variables in the ILPP, aiming to reduce the computational overhead of the proposed method. Finally, a number of examples are used to illustrate the proposed approach.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
An automatic solution for laser AGV modeling	2011	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Modeling is the prerequisite for laser AGV guiding. However, currently used modeling system is integrated into the scanner, which makes the scanner expensive and complicated. And the problems found can't be fixed. This paper aims at separating the modeling system from the scanner by proposing a solution for AGV modeling based on a point sets matching algorithm, automating the modeling process and solving the practical problems existing in current system.  2011 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	AGV,laser guidance,modeling,point sets matching
A novel vehicle assignment method for automated material handling system in semiconductor manufacturing	2011	2011 IEEE 18th International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management, IE and EM 2011	In semiconductor manufacturing, a diffusion tool is characterized by its long-processing time of 6 to 12 hours with the process flow being highly re-entrant, thus making it a form-batch operation. With the use of form-batch, wafer lots are temporarily stored in the stocker and are delivered to diffusion tools when the Work-In-Process (WIP) pool reaches 4 to 6 lots. As a result, diffusion tools wait for long wafer delivery time due to the low-efficiency AMHS vehicle assignment method, thus greatly impacting transportation and production efficiency. A novel vehicle assignment method is proposed to improve wafer lots' transport time. Unlike the existing vehicle assignment method, which sequentially assigns empty vehicle to a load port, our proposed method calls several empty vehicles to move to a load port to simultaneously execute transport jobs with the goal of shortening a vehicle's arrival time. To aid in our research, we performed simulation analysis of an AMHS for a diffusion area. The simulation outcome indicated that a substantial improvement in AMHS transport performance was achieved with implementation of the novel vehicle assignment method.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS,simulation,vehicle assignment
Using simulated annealing algorithm for optimization of quay cranes and automated guided vehicles scheduling	2011	International Journal of Physical Sciences	Sea port container terminals play an important role in the national and regional economy. The integrated scheduling of handling equipment has been recently investigated in literature to improve the performance of the container terminals. In this paper, an integrated scheduling of quay cranes and automated guided vehicles is formulated as a mixed integer linear programming model. This model minimizes the makespan of all the loading and unloading tasks for a set of cranes in a scheduling problem. Based on the simulated annealing (SA) algorithm, a scheduling method is proposed to solve the problem in a relatively short period of time. Comparison of the respective results of the mathematical model and the SA algorithm evidently shows acceptable performance of the proposed SA algorithm in finding good solutions for practical scheduling problems. Moreover, the effects of three cooling processes and two sets of control parameters on the best solution of the SA are investigated.  2011 Academic Journals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	9	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Physics and Astronomy (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Integrated scheduling,Quay cranes,Simulated annealing
Efficient intelligent optimized algorithm for dynamic vehicle routing problem	2011	Journal of Software	In order to solve the dynamic vehicle routing problem (DVRP) containing both dynamic network environment and real-time customer requests, an efficient intelligent optimized algorithm called IOA is proposed in this paper, which takes advantages of both global searching ability of evolutionary algorithms and local searching capability of ant colony algorithm. The proposed IOA incorporates ant colony algorithm for exploration and evolutionary algorithm for exploitation, and uses real-time information during the optimization process. In order to discuss the performance of the proposed algorithm, a mixed integral programming model for DVRP is formulated, and benchmark functions are constructed. Detailed simulation results and comparisons with the existed work show that the proposed IOA algorithm can achieve a higher performance gain, and is well suited to problems containing dynamic network environment and real-time customer requests.  2011 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence	Ant colony algorithm,Dynamic vehicle routing problem,Evolutionary algorithm,Intelligent optimized algorithm
Development of a row guidance system for an autonomous robot for white asparagus harvesting	2011	Computers and Electronics in Agriculture	The special cultivation features of white asparagus pose new challenges to the research and development of the row guidance control. This paper presents a row tracking system of a two-layer structure for an autonomous robot developed to harvest white asparagus. At the low level, two independent speed control loops are suggested to ensure the actual revolutions of the drive motors to follow their demanded values. A cascade control structure, consisting of an inner orientation error controller and an outer lateral offset controller, is proposed for the high level to drive the robot to track the desired trajectory. The most important advantage of the cascade structure is that the inner loop directly regulates the most significant error (the orientation error), which minimizes the impact of the external disturbances upon the outer loop. Moreover, the cascade scheme allows the orientation angle to be limited within a given range. That ensures a collision-free tracking. The controllers are designed based on the traditional proportional-integral-derivative (PID) algorithms. The control parameters are selected by using root locus analysis, which guarantees the system stability. The effectiveness of the proposed control regime is evaluated by numerical simulations and validated by experiments. The experimental results demonstrate that with the suggested row guidance strategy a satisfactory tracking accuracy of ±0.5. cm is achieved.  2011 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	40	Forestry,Agronomy and Crop Science,Computer Science Applications,Horticulture	Agricultural robot,Cascade control,Differential drive,Row guidance,White asparagus harvesting
Petri Net Plans: A framework for collaboration and coordination in multi-robot systems	2011	Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems	Programming the behavior of multi-robot systems is a challenging task which has a key role in developing effective systems in many application domains. In this paper, we present Petri Net Plans (PNPs), a language based on Petri Nets (PNs), which allows for intuitive and effective robot and multi-robot behavior design. PNPs are very expressive and support a rich set of features that are critical to develop robotic applications, including sensing, interrupts and concurrency. As a central feature, PNPs allow for a formal analysis of plans based on standard PN tools. Moreover, PNPs are suitable for modeling multi-robot systems and the developed behaviors can be executed in a distributed setting, while preserving the properties of the modeled system. PNPs have been deployed in several robotic platforms in different application domains. In this paper, we report three case studies, which address complex single robot plans, coordination and collaboration.  2010 The Author(s).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	49	Artificial Intelligence	Formal models,Multi-robot systems,Petri Nets,Plan representation and execution
Design of automatic guided vehicles and dunking robot system	2011	Proceedings - 2011 3rd International Conference on Intelligent Human-Machine Systems and Cybernetics, IHMSC 2011	Based on the research about the motion mechanism of the AGV and the manipulator mechanism, an Automatic Guided Vehicle(AGV) and Dunking Robot system was developed. It was provided with a new structure that makes one steering engine control two kinds of movement. And the AGV characterizes flexible operation, lightweight structure, and quick response. The control system completes the major operations and processing through MCU. And its control core is AT89S51. The drive circuit of L298H and the PWM control the movement of electromotor. The digital display is completed by 74HC595 Chip. Through the test, the system achives the function of differential steering, route guidance, positioning, searching and grabing the ball.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	automatic control,automatic guided vehicles,MCU,PWM
AGV trajectory track using nonlinear model predictive	2011	2011 2nd International Conference on Mechanic Automation and Control Engineering, MACE 2011 - Proceedings	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) system is widely used in manufacturing industry, port and dock as a material conveying robot in logistics system. AGV is flexible and intellectualized. But there are many factors make error during AGV implementing given route. This paper applies predictive control theory to solve implement control problem. A proportional integral gain self-adaptive regulator is designed. With the implement controller, AGV can perform given route well.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Nonlinear model predictive,Trajectory track
Tolerant control for an autonomous vehicle subject to faulty steering system	2011	2011 International Conference on Communications, Computing and Control Applications, CCCA 2011	This paper deals with the design of an intelligent controller acting on each rear wheel velocity with the objective to ensure vehicle stability. It is shown that the vehicle trajectory may be controlled using each wheel independently, which increases the safety of the whole system. The control law is designed using a nonlinear car model. The car's trajectory reference is chosen based on a double lane change maneuver (which respects the ISO:3888-1:1999(F) norm). Simulations are performed using the 3 D graphical design software Vrealm Builder 2.0 associated with Matlab/Simulink software.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	None
Development of an AGV-based intelligent material distribution system	2011	Current Science	Material distribution is a special case of the more general requirement for material transfer in a manufacturing environment, and as such it permits simpler solutions. The present article describes an implemented solution for the material distribution problem in the machining shop of an automotive factory using automated guided vehicles (AGVs). We briefly describe the AGV and its associated material handling system, and then describe the intelligent components and their underlying algorithms, which, when put together, create an intelligent distribution system that autonomously assesses demands for materials and accordingly plans, prioritizes and executes deliveries. The system has been tested extensively in a mock environment in our laboratory, the results for which have been reported here.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Multidisciplinary	AGV scheduling,Automated guided vehicle,Intelligent system,Path tracking
Autonomous navigation among large number of nearby landmarks using FastSLAM and EKF-SLAM - A comparative study	2011	2011 16th International Conference on Methods and Models in Automation and Robotics, MMAR 2011	This paper compares two commonly used algorithms to solve Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) problem in order to safely navigate an outdoor autonomous robot in an unknown location and without any access to a priori map. EKF-SLAM is considered as a classical method to solve SLAM problem. This method, however, suffers from two major issues; the quadratic computational complexity and single hypothesis data association. Large number of landmarks in the environment, especially, nearby landmarks, causes extensive error accumulation when the robot is traveling along a desired path. The multi-hypothesis data association property and the linear computational complexity are essential features in FastSLAM method. Those features make this method an alternative to overcome mentioned issues. The FastSLAM algorithm uses Rao-Blackwellised particle filtering to estimate the path of the robot and EKF-SLAM method to estimate locations of landmarks. In case of FastSLAM applications, however, observation noise needs to be reconsidered if the motion measurements are noisy while the range sensor is noiseless. This study suggests optimization of a specific situation of FastSLAM algorithm in case of noise discrepancy.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	14	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction	None
A multi-attribute selection of automated guided vehicle using the AHP/M-GRA technique	2011	International Journal of Production Research	The objective of this research is to develop and implement a new methodology for multi-attribute selection of automated guided vehicle (AGV) for the material handling. The present paper proposes a modified grey relational analysis (M-GRA) method combined with analytical hierarchy approach (AHP). AHP method is used to assign the relative importance between AGV selection attributes and M-GRA method is applied to determine AGV selection utility index. A proposed AHP/M-GRA technique is more suitable for the decision-making in the presence of vagueness. The methodology is illustrated by means of an example. The study was followed by the validation and the sensitivity analysis of the AHP/M-GRA technique. The results of the study build confidence in suitability of AHP/M-GRA technique for selection of AGV alternatives.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	23	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	analytical hierarchy approach,automated guided vehicle alternative,modified grey relational analysis,multi-attribute selection,sensitivity analysis
Combined buffer pre-allocation and siphon control for deadlock prevention in Petri nets	2011	International Journal of Production Research	We study the design of deadlock prevention for a special class of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). In such FMSs, each machine has its own input and output buffers and multiple resources can be used in one step. As proved in this paper, by pre-allocating and partitioning all buffers in an FMS, deadlocks can be prevented. To demonstrate this policy, two subclasses of Petri nets, denoted by MRSNB and MRSANB, are defined. Furthermore, on combining buffer pre-allocation and siphon control, two deadlock prevention approaches for such FMSs are proposed. Compared with other reported methods, the two proposed approaches can achieve a satisfactory trade-off among permissiveness, structural simplicity and computational complexity. Several typical FMS examples are used to illustrate the proposed concepts and policies, and to show the advantages over other methods.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	buffer pre-allocation,deadlock prevention,flexible manufacturing systems,Petri nets
Path planning algorithm for AUV based on a Fuzzy-PSO in dynamic environments	2011	Proceedings - 2011 8th International Conference on Fuzzy Systems and Knowledge Discovery, FSKD 2011	A path planning problem of AUV in a dynamic environment is presented by using the Fuzzy- PSO controller in the paper. A novel fuzzy inference controller is developed to generate a collision-free path from an initial position to a destination. The PSO algorithm is used to tune parameters of the built fuzzy membership functions, and making adjustments for the fuzzy controller to find an optimal path. The simulation studies indicate effectiveness of the proposed approach.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	9	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	AUV,Fuzzy controller,Path planning,PSO algorithm
Combination of automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) and robot for a wide range of flexible applications Kombination von fahrerlosem Transportsystem und Roboter	2011	Productivity Management	Prompted by increasing market demands and the necessity to adapt more quickly, companies are faced with the challenge of introducing adaptive production environments. The newly developed Amadeus system - a combination of AGV, robot and MES - provides automated support for manufacturing processes while maintaining a high level of flexibility. The Amadeus system does not only support transportation but also handling tasks, such as feeding a machine tool.  GITO Verlag.	Trade Journal	d	no	Note	Germany	0	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automation,Intralogistcs,Material flow,Materials handling,MES,Robot,Robotics
Modeling and simulation for stevedoring technology scheme of a novel automatic container terminal system	2011	ICCTP 2011: Towards Sustainable Transportation Systems - Proceedings of the 11th International Conference of Chinese Transportation Professionals	In this study, we mainly focus on modeling and simulating the stevedoring system of a novel automated container terminal based on a tridimensional rail network. Using.NET platform technology, we carried out our simulation program for the control process. Through the simulations of different distributions, different ratios of facility numbers, and different car speeds, we obtained a different quay crane busy rate and one-hundred-containers operating time. Finally, the best facility ratio and car speed were recommended, which would be helpful for the improvement of such a system.  2011 ASCE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Transportation	Containers,Freight transportation,Harbors,Marine terminals,Models,Simulation
Guidance line identification algorithm for AGV in complex environment	2011	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	In order to quickly and accurately identify the guidance line in complex environment, a line recognition algorithm based on prior knowledge was proposed. Images were divided into several regions by field range and line characteristic. Both means of full image and region were used to make adaptive threshold of each region. Scanning mode was decided by information of previous image, then noises were filtered and intermediate points were acquired. An improved Hough transformation with search angle limitation and nonuniform sampling was applied to localize guidance line. Finally cross ratio theorem was used to calibrate the parameters. The experimental result showed the method was characterized by robustness and real-time, the average computing time was about 90 ms for each image.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Hough transformation,Image processing,Road recognition
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing systems using genetic algorithms	2011	Journal of Central South University of Technology (English Edition)	The problem of simultaneous scheduling of machines and vehicles in flexible manufacturing system (FMS) was addressed. A spreadsheet based genetic algorithm (GA) approach was presented to solve the problem. A domain independent general purpose GA was used, which was an add-in to the spreadsheet software. An adaptation of the propritary GA software was demonstrated to the problem of minimizing the total completion time or makespan for simultaneous scheduling of machines and vehicles in flexible manufacturing systems. Computational results are presented for a benchmark with 82 test problems, which have been constructed by other researchers. The achieved results are comparable to the previous approaches. The proposed approach can be also applied to other problems or objective functions without changing the GA routine or the spreadsheet model.  Central South University Press and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2011.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	20	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Genetic algorithms,Job-shop,Scheduling,Spreadsheet
A closed queueing network approach to analyzing multi-vehicle material handling systems	2011	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	This article models a multi-vehicle material handling system as a closed-loop queueing network with finite buffers and general service times, where the vehicles represent the jobs in the network. This type of network differs from other queueing systems, because the vehicles' residence times on track segments (servers) depend on the number of jobs (vehicles) in circulation. A new iterative approximation algorithm is presented that estimates throughput capacity and decomposes the network consisting of S servers into S separate G/G/1 systems. Each subsystem is analyzed separately to estimate the work-in-process via a population constraint to ensure that the summation of the average buffer sizes across all servers equals the total number of vehicles. Numerical results show that the methodology proposed is accurate in a wide range of operating scenarios. Copyright  2011 IIE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	11	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Finite buffer queueing networks,vehicle-based material handling
Development of autonomous loading and unloading for network-based unmanned forklift	2011	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	Unmanned autonomous forklifts have a great potential to enhance the productivity of material handling in various applications because these forklifts can pick up and deliver loads without an operator and any fixed guide. Especially, automation of pallet loading and unloading technique is useful for enhancing performance of logistics and reducing cost for automation system. There are, however, many technical difficulties in developing such forklifts including localization, map building, sensor fusion, control, and so on. This is because the system requires numerous sensors, actuators, and controllers that need to be connected with each other, and the number of connections grows very rapidly as the number of devices grows. This paper presents a vision sensorbased autonomous loading and unloading for network-based unmanned forklift where system components are connected to a shared CAN network. Functions such as image processing and control algorithm are divided into small tasks that are distributed over anumber of microcontrollers with a limited computing capacity. And the experimental results show that proposed architecture can be an appropriate choice for autonomous loading in the unmanned forklift.  ICROS 2011.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	CAN (Controller Area Network),Embedded control system,Network-based distributed control system,Unmanned autonomous forklift,Vision sensor
Adaptive internal model control for agricultural robot steering system	2011	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	Aiming at the characteristics of complex, time-delay and gain time-variation of agricultural robot steering system, the Adaline neural network (ANN) was applied to internal model control (IMC). An adaptive control method for time-delay online adjusting and gain control was proposed. An algorithm based on Adaline neural networks could adjust time-delay and gain adaptively, and overcome effects of time-variation parameters on IMC and plant model by online optimizing feedback error. Simulations and experimental results verified that compared to conventional PID control method, the proposed control method possessed the advantage of high precision, great adaptability and robustness, so it is feasible for agricultural robot steering system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Adaline neural network,Adaptive internal model control,Agricultural robot,Nonlinear PID control,Steering system
MIMO fuzzy sliding mode controlled dual arm robot in load transportation	2011	Journal of the Franklin Institute	The control problem of the cooperative motion of a two-link dual arm robot during handling and transportation of an object was studied in this paper. Since these types of robots are frequently preferred for hazardous applications such as transportation of radioactive materials and disposal of explosives, a robust non-chattering sliding mode controller (SMC) improved by a multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) fuzzy logic unit was applied to the robot to track the desired trajectory with high accuracy and transport the load safely. In order to assess the performance of the proposed MIMO fuzzy sliding mode controller (MIMO-FSMC) in presence of parameter variations and external disturbances, a sudden load variation and noise were introduced to the robot system. If compared with classical SMC, tracking errors with smaller magnitudes and faster convergence to zero were obtained by using the proposed MIMO-FSMC. Numerical results suggest that this type of control method may safely be used for cooperative motion control of dual arm robots in load handling and transport applications in hazardous environments with high accuracy.  2010 The Franklin Institute. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	48	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Applied Mathematics	None
Hierarchical fuzzy cooperative control and path following for a team of mobile robots	2011	IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics	In this paper, an intelligent cooperative control and path-following algorithm is proposed and tested for a group of mobile robots. The core of this algorithm uses a fuzzy model, which mimics human thought to control the robots velocity, movement, and group behavior. The designed fuzzy model employs two behaviors: path following and group cooperation. Hierarchical controllers have also been developed based on fuzzy and proportional integral derivative to instruct the robots to move in a group formation and follow specific paths. As the robots move along individual predetermined paths, the designed algorithm adjusts their velocities so that the group arrives at their target points within the same time duration regardless of the length of each individual path. The fuzzy rules applied to the robots are defined by the kinematics limitation, which is bounded by both linear and angular velocities and the length and curvature of the individual paths. The experimental results of three mobile robots traveling on different paths are presented to show the accuracy of obtaining control and cooperation by using the fuzzy algorithm.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	54	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cooperation,fuzzy control,path following,unicycle wheeled mobile robots
Development of simulation-based metamodels for the analysis of routingflexibility, sequencing flexibility and scheduling decision rules on the performance of an FMS	2011	International Journal of Operational Research	This paper focuses on the development of simulation-based metamodels for analysing the effects of routing flexibility, sequencing flexibility and part sequencing rules (PSRs) on the performance of a typical flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Three routing flexibility levels, five sequencing flexibility levels and four scheduling rules for part sequencing decision are considered for detailed investigation. The performance of the FMS is evaluated using measures related to flow time and tardiness of parts. Multiple regression-based metamodels have been developed using the simulation results. The analysis of results reveals that deterioration in system performance can be minimised substantially by incorporating either routing flexibility or sequencing flexibility or both. However, the benefits of either of these flexibilities diminish at higher flexibility levels. When flexibility exists, PSRs, such as earliest due date and earliest operation due date, provide better performance for all the measures.2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	6	Management Science and Operations Research	Flexible manufacturing system,Operational research,Part sequencing rules; regression metamodels,Routing flexibility,Sequencing flexibility
Fuzzy control of a bi-directional inverter with nonlinear inductance for DC microgrids	2011	IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems	This paper proposes the design of fuzzy control of a bidirectional converter with variable inductance for dc microgrids. The nonlinear inductance model is developed and taken into consideration in the controller design of the bi-directional inverter to promote the performance. A novel fuzzy control strategy is proposed to increase the magnetizing voltage such that the current distortion is reduced. Simulated results demonstrated the effectiveness of the design.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	Bi-directional converter,dc microgrids,fuzzy control
Type-2 fuzzy airplane altitude control: A comparative study	2011	IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems	The standard fuzzy logic controllers, also known as type-1 fuzzy logic controllers, have often been criticized for their inability to handle uncertainties in the control processes. Therefore, a lot of attention is being focused on type-2 fuzzy logic controllers, especially, the interval type-2 fuzzy logic controllers. This paper aims at developing both type-1 and type-2 fuzzy logic controllers for an airplane altitude control problem and comparing their performances. Both the controllers have similar knowledge bases, and both of them are tested in two simulation setups, an ideally modeled setup and a setup with uncertainties. The results show that the type-2 fuzzy logic controller outperforms the type-1 fuzzy logic controller, especially, in the environment with uncertainties. Therefore, this research seems to validate the superiority of type-2 fuzzy logic control in making the controllers independent of uncertainties in intricate model details.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	8	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	altitude control,fuzzy airplane control,Type-2 fuzzy logic control
Application of DEA to the analysis of AGV fleet operations in a port container terminal	2011	Procedia - Social and Behavioral Sciences	This paper presents a decision making approach based on Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) for determining an efficient container handling strategy at an automated port container terminal. Containers are unloaded from the ship by quay cranes and transported to the storage area by Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). The objective of this paper is to show how dispatching rules and a number of employed AGVs affect measures of effectiveness of container handling process and to compare their efficiencies using DEA. It was shown that simulation modeling and efficiency evaluation of AGV fleet operations can be useful for the planning purpose.  2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Serbia	13	Social Sciences (all),Psychology (all)	AGV,Data envelopment analysis,Port container terminal,Simulation
Human resource influence on dependability of discrete transportation systems	2011	Advances in Intelligent and Soft Computing	The chapter is focused on the human resource influence on dependability of discrete transportation systems (DTS). The human resource means the driver of the vehicle. We add him/her as a new element of the system description. The dependability means the combination of the reliability and functional parameters of the DTS. This way the analysis of the DTS behavior seems to be more sophisticated. The unified containers transported by trucks with the set of time-type assumptions are the essence of the system discussed. The proposed method is based on modeling and simulating of the system behavior. The income of containers is modeled by a stochastic process. Each container has a source and destination address. The central node is the destination address for all containers generated in the ordinary nodes. We also propose the heuristic management approach as well as the functional metric for DTS and we test the example system based on the real data.  2011 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Poland	3	Computer Science (all)	None
The design challenges for unmanned vehicular video streaming	2011	Proceedings of 2011 IEEE International Conference on Vehicular Electronics and Safety, ICVES 2011	The basic concept of video streaming over several vehicular platforms, the main requirements from those different applications are described. The common challenges from these sectors are studied; an actual design overcoming part of these difficulties is reported. Section I is the introduction of the challenges, section II is the briefing for the customized solution, section III is the detail design analysis and the last section is the summary and future work. The major challenge in this area is providing fast image processing with low latency, under limited space, limited weight, limited power and limited link bandwidth constrains. This paper offers the fundamental design choices and rules of thumb.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	fast image processing,Road safety,vehicular video streaming
Analysis of inductive power transfer systems for variable air gap and voltage supply frequency	2011	Proceedings - ISIE 2011: 2011 IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	The paper describes an inductive power transfer system (IPT), by which electrical energy may be transmitted through a large air gap between coils without electrical connection. It presents theoretical and simulation analysis of IPT, which allows for supplying a receiver in the conditions of slow, in relation to the dynamics of power supply, changes in dimension of the air gap. The influence of frequency characteristics of the system on the possible selection of operation frequency range is discussed. Theoretical developments are compared with experimental results on the prototype IPT.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Approximation algorithms for conflict-Free vehicle routing	2011	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	We consider a natural basic model for conflict-free routing of a group of k vehicles, a problem frequently encountered in many applications in transportation and logistics. There is a large gap between currently employed routing schemes and the theoretical understanding of the problem. Previous approaches have either essentially no theoretical guarantees, or suffer from high running times, severely limiting their usability. So far, no efficient algorithm is known with a sub-linear (in k) approximation guarantee and without restrictions on the graph topology. We show that the conflict-free vehicle routing problem is hard to solve to optimality, even on paths. Building on a sequential routing scheme, we present an algorithm for trees with makespan bounded by O(OPT)+k. Combining this result with ideas known from packet routing, we obtain a first efficient algorithm with sub-linear approximation guarantee, namely an O(√k)-approximation. Additionally, a randomized algorithm leading to a makespan of O(polylog(k))•OPT+k is presented that relies on tree embedding techniques applied to a compacted version of the graph to obtain an approximation guarantee independent of the graph size.  2011 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Switzerland	5	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Alleviating the collision states and fleet optimization by introducing a new generation of automated guided vehicle systems	2011	Modelling and Simulation in Engineering	The aim of the current research is to propose a new generation of automated guided vehicle systems for alleviating the collision states in material handling systems where the automated guided vehicles movements are allowed to be both unidirectional and bidirectional. The objective function is to maximize the average annual profit in an FMS system using a simulation method. Despite several researches done in this field, this criterion has been studied rarely. The current study includes some new changes in AGV design for preventing some common problems such as congestions and deadlocks based on real profits/costs analysis in a flexible manufacturing system. For this reason, some experiments have been carried out to study the effects of several empty vehicle dispatching rules on average annual profit. The results show that the proposed framework is efficient and robust enough for industrial environments.  2011 Parham Azimi.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Modeling and Simulation,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	None
Towards a flexible transportation in distribution centers: Low-level motion control approach	2011	ICINCO 2011 - Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics	In recent years autonomous mobile robots (AMR) have emerged as a means of transportation in distribution centers. The complexity of transportation tasks requires efficient high-level control planning and task scheduling, as well as low-level motion control of the robots such that a more flexible, and robust transport system can be achieved. In this work we present a methodology to achieve coordination of a group of mobile robots so that the objectives are met, focusing on low-level control approach. We use a reactive-to-dynamic-change control concept. We consider an automated distribution center in a simulation case study. The transportation is evaluated in terms of completion time and robustness to fault. In addition, the control strategies are validated in a mock-up version of the automated distribution center.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	Collision avoidance,Distribution center,Low-level motion control,Priority rules,Unicycle mobile robots
Behavior of digital and analog controller devices for manual driving of rhombic like vehicles	2011	2011 19th Mediterranean Conference on Control and Automation, MED 2011	This paper describes a study of different remotely operated driving modes applied to rhombic like vehicles using the digital buttons and the analog sticks of a generic game controller device (e.g., joysticks and gamepads). The performance of the different modes was evaluated using a software simulator and a 2D model of the Tokamak building of ITER. Several experiments were performed taking into account relevant parameters, such as the distance to the obstacles and accelerations. An optimal approach for a real implementation with a rhombic like vehicle prototype is proposed and discussed.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Control and Systems Engineering	None
A novel approach for scheduling and routing of the self guided vehicles in mesh topology using velocity control and alternate path techniques	2011	Proceedings of 2011 International Conference on Process Automation, Control and Computing, PACC 2011	Self Guided Vehicle or Automated Guided Vehicle (or SGVs for short) is a mobile robot which uses markers or wires in the floor, or uses vision or lasers for its movement. SGVs are. becoming popular in automated material handling systems, flexible manufacturing systems and even containers handling applications in container terminals. It is important to route SGVs efficiently, particularly free from deadlocks, head on collisions etc. In many applications, such as container terminals, the working site is divided in the form of rectangles, which leads to a mesh-like path topology. Therefore, developing efficient algorithms for SGV routing and scheduling on the mesh topology has become an important research topic. In this paper, a couple of procedures for routing and scheduling of SGV's on mesh topology is introduced.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	Alternate path,Collision avoidance,Mesh topology,Self guided vehicles,Velocity control
PID sliding mode control based on disturbance observer	2011	Proceedings of the 2011 Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2011	Because of time and space delay switch, system inertia, system delay, measurement error and other factors in practical application, which leads to the high-frequency chattering of variable structure control under dynamical sliding mode. This paper analyzes the chattering effect on system performance and cause. To disturbances and uncertainty of servo system, this paper proposed sliding mode control algorithm of PID-type switching function and using disturbance observer to observe disturbance and uncertainty to select the appropriate approach speed. This algorithm is well weaken the chattering. Simulation results show that the algorithm can not only suppress the vibration but also improve the dynamic and static quality of servo system.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	chattering,disturbance observer,sliding mode control
Practical indoor mobile robot navigation using hybrid maps	2011	2011 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics, ICM 2011 - Proceedings	This paper presents a practical navigation scheme for indoor mobile robots using hybrid maps. The method makes use of metric maps for local navigation and a topological map for global path planning. Metric maps are generated as 2D occupancy grids by a range sensor to represent local information about partial areas. The global topological map is used to indicate the connectivity of the places-of-interests in the environment and the interconnectivity of the local maps. Visual tags on the ceiling to be detected by the robot provide valuable information and contribute to reliable localization. The navigation scheme based on the hybrid metric-topological maps is scalable and adaptable since new local maps can be easily added to the global topology, and the method can be deployed with minimum amount of modification if new areas are to be explored. The method is implemented successfully on a physical robot and evaluated in a hospital environment.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Comparative study for chaotic behaviour in fire fighting robot	2011	Revista Facultad de Ingenieria	The fire fighting monitoring work is a case study where the chaotic control could minimize human, material and environmental injuries. In this paper, we proposed a chaotic control for a mobile robot, in order to do a further inspection in regular spaces, moving it through time with non determinate trajectories. A chaotic nature in the mobile vehicle is added, putting together kinematics with non linear equations such as Arnold and Lorenz, in the same system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	1	Engineering (all)	Chaos,Fire fighting,Mobile robots,Non linear
A review of container terminal simulation models	2011	Maritime Policy and Management	Simulation has been an integral part of research and development work in container terminal operations. The sheer size of the facilities and the complexity of equipment used make it difficult to predict analytically how the terminal will operate under specific layouts and configurations. Control techniques which relate to the dynamic behaviour of the equipment are even more difficult to analyse and benchmark, therefore necessitating the presence of a tool that can replicate the behaviour of a real terminal. This paper provides an overview of the domain of container terminal simulation. It discusses several model classifications and presents technical concerns in their development. A review of academic container terminal models is conducted, which includes both models that have served as primary study objectives or simply as test-beds for work on terminal control/planning. These are classified where possible in accordance to the categories that have been previously identified. Finally, current trends in container terminal simulation are discussed, and recommendations are given on the design and selection of the approach to be employed on new models.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	re	Review	United Kingdom	52	Geography, Planning and Development,Transportation,Ocean Engineering,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	None
Data driven production modeling and simulation of complex automobile general assembly plant	2011	Computers in Industry	Flexible manufacturing and customization has long been a topic in modern manufacturing society. However, challenges still remain on the responsiveness of production system to the fluctuation of market demand. In this paper, we developed a data driven simulation methodology to automatically model a production system and rapidly modify the model corresponding to dynamic requirements and real time information. This methodology provides a "rapid prototyping" capability for production system modeling and enables a quick analyzing and remodeling capability to respond to the fluctuation of demands. The approach is developed and applied to an automotive general assembly plant with an online material handling system. A complete information model based on IDEF1X is constructed for this domain specific modeling and simulation. The main simulation modules for assembly line and material handling system of the plant floor are analyzed and a simulator is implemented in ARENA by SIMAN/VBA program. The case study of an automotive assembly plant shows that the data driven approach enables the modeling and simulation of the complex assembly plant in a "real-time" fashion and therefore effectively improve the responsiveness and flexibility of the production line.  2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	64	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Data driven approach,General assembly plant,Material handling system,Modeling and simulation
Evaluation of routing flexibility of a flexible manufacturing system using simulation modelling and analysis	2011	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Routing flexibility is a major contributor of the flexibility of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). The present paper focuses on the evaluation of the routing flexibility of an FMS with the dynamic arrival of part types for processing in the system. A typical FMS configuration is chosen for detailed study and analysis. The system is set at five different levels of routing flexibility. Operations of part types can be processed on alternative machines depending upon the level of routing flexibility present in the system. Two cases have been considered with respect to the processing times of operations on alternative machines. A discrete-event simulation model has been developed to describe the operation of the chosen FMS. The performance of the system under various levels of routing flexibility is analyzed using measures such as mean flow time, mean tardiness, percentage of tardy parts, mean utilisation of machines, mean utilisation of automatic-guided vehicles, and mean queue length at machines. The routing flexibility for producing individual part types has been evaluated in terms of measures such as routing efficiency, routing versatility, routing variety and routing flexibility. The routing flexibility of the system has been evaluated using these measures. The flexibility levels are ranked based on the routing flexibility measure for the system. The ranking thus obtained has been validated with that derived using fuzzy logic approach.  2011 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	32	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,Fuzzy logic,Routing flexibility,Simulation
Integrated scheduling of the job and AGV for flexible manufacturing system	2011	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Job scheduling and AGV scheduling in FMS are regarded as two independent problems by most researchers. Their isolation ignores AGV's use conflicts in the job scheduling and leads to low average equipment utilization. We point out the necessity for the job scheduling to integrate with AGV scheduling through analyzing scheduling problem of a specific type of FMS with single AGV and single buffer area. Then a corresponding mathematic model for integrated scheduling is presented based on the problem description and constraints for scheduling. A specific FMS is adopted to validate this integrated scheduling model. Based on data from this FMS, the model is performed through genetic algorithm with appropriate parameters. and job's processing sequences as well as AGV's moving path are obtained from the optimal gene order. The experiment result of this scheduling model adopting genetic algorithm shows good computing efficiency and equipment utilization.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic guidance vehicle (AGV),Flexible manufacturing system (fms),Scheduling
Towards learning pallets applied in pull control job-open shop problem	2011	Proceedings - 2011 IEEE International Symposium on Assembly and Manufacturing, ISAM 2011	The current paper studies the concept of learning pallets following the autonomy paradigm; in a Conwip control job-shop/ open-shop system. To realize learning capability for pallets several advantages and methodologies can be employed. Among them are the privileges of closed-loops in Conwip system as well as application of evolutionary intelligence for inspiring learning. Specifically, some features of genetic algorithm (GA) can be used to produce new alternatives and avoid local traps in a decentralized approach, though the GA is a global search method. In addition, fuzzy inference system is employed to distinguish the dynamisms of each station as well as of the entire system, concerning vagueness in real time information, and uncertainty in processing sequence and times. It is shown here that learning pallets (Lpallets) are presenting better records in terms of some criteria, e.g., makespan.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	decentralized control,job-open shop scheduling,Learning pallets,pull assembly system
Discrete-time sliding mode control of wheeled mobile robots	2011	ASCC 2011 - 8th Asian Control Conference - Final Program and Proceedings	In this paper a discrete-time sliding mode control for the trajectory tracking problem of wheeled mobile robots is presented. The wheeled mobile robot taken into account was Powerbot. PowerBot is a mobile platform with two differential driving wheels (2DW) and two balancing caster wheels. It is an automated guided vehicle specially designed and equipped for autonomous, intelligent delivery and handling of large payloads. PowerBot is a member of MobileRobots' Pioneer family of mobile robots, which are research and development platforms that share a common architecture, foundation software and employ intelligence-based client-server robotics controls. The algorithm has been designed in discrete-time domain in order to avoid problems caused by the discretization of continuous-time controllers. The simulation results and real time results prove the effectiveness of the proposed controller.  2011 Asian Control Association.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	14	Control and Systems Engineering	Mobile Robot,Sliding Mode Control,Trajectory Tracking
FPGA-based embedded visual servoing platform for quick response visual servoing	2011	ASCC 2011 - 8th Asian Control Conference - Final Program and Proceedings	The response speed of visual servoing depends on the computation platform's data transfer and computation capability. In this work, we proposed an embedded FPGA-based visual servoing platform (VSP) to meet the requirements on data transfer and computation capability for quick response visual servoing tasks. To address the data transfer capability issue, we adopted coprocessor-like system architecture, which provided direct connections between vision processing IPs and peripheral modules. To address the computation capability issue, we exploit as much parallelism within vision processing algorithms as possible to ensure high visual information update frequency. Two visual servoing tasks that required quick response, a ball catching and a high speed target shooting tasks, were chosen to verify the applicability and effectiveness of the VSP. In the ball catching case, we achieved 85% catch success rate and 58Hz visual update frequency. In the high speed target shooting case, we achieved 91% average hit rate and 402 Hz visual update frequency.  2011 Asian Control Association.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	7	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Integrating AGVs and Production Planning with Memetic Particle Swarm Optimization	2011	Evolutionary Computing in Advanced Manufacturing	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) play an important role in advanced manufacturing system where jobs are being transferred from one machine to another using AGVs on guided paths. The focus of this research is on the development of an integrated production planning and AGV control system in the real time environment. This problem consists of simultaneous assignment, scheduling and conflict free routing of the AGVs with bi-directional movement along with machine and job scheduling. A variant of particle swarm optimization, Enhanced Memetic Particle Swarm Optimization (EMPSO), has been utilized for optimizing the integrated production planning and AGVs system. EMPSO Optimization scheme incorporates local search techniques in the standard Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm, resulting in an efficient and effective optimization method. Results obtained justify the superiority of the Memetic approach.  2011 Scrivener Publishing LLC. All rights reserved.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United Kingdom	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,EMPSO,Production planning,PSO
Head-on collision avoidance by knowledge exchange under RAF control of autonomous decentralized FMS	2011	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	The author past studies on production planning include agent systems where agents act independently under the real-time control of Reasoning to Anticipate the Future (RAF) in order to realize an autonomous decentralized flexible manufacturing systems (AD-FMS) and achieve high production efficiency. However, RAF did not solve the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) colliding problem. This paper describes the method of cooperation by knowledge exchange in AGVs moving autonomously under the real-time control of RAF in AD-FMSs to avoid AGVs collisions. The method gives the AGV an individual knowledge called AGV-knowledge, and by the exchange of which, each AGV can avoid collisions. This method does not use the conventional control by a host computer but applies communication among AGVs. Head-on collisions were prevented by applying this method to 9 types of FMSs constructed in a computer.  2011 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Autonomous decentralized system,FMS,Head-on collision avoidance
A multiple-criteria real-time scheduling approach for multiple-load carriers subject to LIFO loading constraints	2011	International Journal of Production Research	This paper studies the problem of scheduling a multiple-load carrier subject to last-in-first-out loading constraints in an automobile assembly line. Two scheduling criteria, the throughput of the assembly line and the material handling distance, are considered in order to maximise the profit of the assembly line. Different from other studies, the product mix and weights of the scheduling criteria are considered to be variable. A scheduling approach is proposed for the problem. At moments when the product mix or weights of the scheduling criteria change, the scheduling approach can select an appropriate rule from a set of given rules. In this study, the proposed approach is compared with other approaches by simulation in order to verify the performance of the proposed approach. The results indicate that, when the product mix and weights of the scheduling criteria are variable, the proposed scheduling approach outperforms other approaches.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	materials handling,multi-criteria decision making,neural network applications,scheduling
Trajectory-tracking and discrete-time sliding-mode control of wheeled mobile robots	2011	2011 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2011	In this paper a discrete-time sliding mode control for the trajectory tracking problem of wheeled mobile robots is presented. The wheeled mobile robot (WMR) taken into account was PowerBot. PowerBot is a mobile platform with two differential driving wheels (2DW) and two balancing caster wheels. It is an automated guided vehicle specially designed and equipped for autonomous, intelligent delivery and handling of large payloads. PowerBot is a member of MobileRobots' Pioneer family of mobile robots, which are research and development platforms that share a common architecture, foundation software and employ intelligence-based client-server robotics controls. Due to its size and high load carrying capacity PowerBot is an ideal robot for both, indoor and outdoor transportation. The algorithm has been designed in discrete-time domain in order to avoid problems caused by the discretization of continuous-time controllers. The simulation results and real time results prove the effectiveness of the proposed controller.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	17	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	discrete-time,mobile robot,sliding-mode
A differential evolution algorithm for the no-idle flowshop scheduling problem with total tardiness criterion	2011	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, we investigate the use of a continuous algorithm for the no-idle permutation flowshop scheduling (NIPFS) problem with tardiness criterion. For this purpose, a differential evolution algorithm with variable parameter search (vpsDE) is developed to be compared to a well-known random key genetic algorithm (RKGA) from the literature. The motivation is due to the fact that a continuous DE can be very competitive for the problems where RKGAs are well suited. As an application area, we choose the NIPFS problem with the total tardiness criterion in which there is no literature on it to the best of our knowledge. The NIPFS problem is a variant of the well-known permutation flowshop (PFSP) scheduling problem where idle time is not allowed on machines. In other words, the start time of processing the first job on a given machine must be delayed in order to satisfy the no-idle constraint. The paper presents the following contributions. First of all, a continuous optimisation algorithm is used to solve a combinatorial optimisation problem where some efficient methods of converting a continuous vector to a discrete job permutation and vice versa are presented. These methods are not problem specific and can be employed in any continuous algorithm to tackle the permutation type of optimisation problems. Secondly, a variable parameter search is introduced for the differential evolution algorithm which significantly accelerates the search process for global optimisation and enhances the solution quality. Thirdly, some novel ways of calculating the total tardiness from makespan are introduced for the NIPFS problem. The performance of vpsDE is evaluated against a well-known RKGA from the literature. The computational results show its highly competitive performance when compared to RKGA. It is shown in this paper that the vpsDE performs better than the RKGA, thus providing an alternative solution approach to the literature that the RKGA can be well suited.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	35	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	differential evolution algorithm,heuristic optimisation,random key genetic algorithm,the no-idle permutation flowshop scheduling problem
A bio-inspired intelligent approach to motion planning for mobile robots	2011	Computer-Aided Design and Applications	Although huge potentials abound for mobile robots in areas like military, traffic control, logistics, and computer graphics, practicable motion planning techniques have yet to be developed. This paper proposes a bio-inspired intelligent approach to motion planning for decentralised mobile objects in dynamic environments. It is inspired by the natural behaviours of creatures which tend to keep a safe distance between one another, and move towards their respective destinations. The proposed approach does not require any central controller, and there is no communication between robots. It instead imitates the characteristics of creatures with local sensing for detection of imminent neighbours and navigation. Each robot is assumed to be driven by a virtual attractive force of its destination and repulsive forces of its imminent neighbours. In particular, it features a module to detect imminent neighbours, reducing computation overheads and eliminating redundant robot movements. Moreover, in comparison with other methods that are mostly based on a simple function for virtual force calculation, the proposed approach adopts a more adaptive two-section function to calculate repulsive forces to improve collision avoidance. A simulator, with a case study of motion planning for free-range automated guided vehicles at a container terminal, is developed to implement and validate the proposed approach.  2011 CAD Solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	5	Computational Mechanics,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computational Mathematics	Bio-inspired,Dynamic environments,Mobile robots,Motion planning
Scheduling of lifting vehicles with time windows in an automated port container terminal	2011	2011 4th International Conference on Logistics, LOGISTIQUA'2011	A port container terminal is generally exploited with three types of equipments: Quay Cranes (QCs), vehicles and Yard Cranes (YCs). In this paper, we present a particular type of vehicles which is used at terminal of Normandy in Le Havre port in France. In this terminal, containers are transported from the marshalling yard to ship by the lifting vehicles (LV), capable of raising and of depositing a single container at various heights. This study discusses how to schedule LVs in loading or unloading operation by using information about pickup and delivery locations. Our goal is to organize the transfer of containers in order to minimize the total travel time of all LV, respecting the time window of every LV for a given number of containers. In order to solve this problem we propose a new modeling and a genetic algorithm adapted to the studied problem called "Genetic Algorithm for Loading or Unloading Operation GALUO". We applied special types of crossover and mutation inspired from various data of our problem. GALUO is compared with a simulated annealing algorithm (SA) inspired from the same problem. Computational results on real instances show the good quality of the solutions obtained by the proposed method.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	6	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	container terminal,GALUO,Lifting vehicle,SA,Time window
Integer linear programming formulation of the vehicle positioning problem in automated manufacturing systems	2011	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	This paper addresses the problem of vehicle location (positioning) for automated transport in fully automated manufacturing systems. This study is motivated by the complexity of vehicle control found in modern integrated circuit semiconductor fabrication facilities where the material handling network path is composed of multiple loops interconnected. In order to contribute to decrease the manufacturing lead-time of semiconductor products, we propose an integer linear program that minimizes the maximum time needed to serve a transport request. Computation experiments are based on real-life data. We discuss the practical usefulness of the mathematical model by means of a simulation experiment used to analyze the factory operational behavior.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Colombia	10	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated manufacturing,IC semiconductors,Integer linear programming,Simulation,Vehicle location
An accurate indoor ranging system based on FMCW radar	2011	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	This paper presents an innovative accurate ranging system based on FMCW (Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave) Radar. Thanks to a combination of nontrivial solutions a centimetre precision is guaranteed even in tough environments, such as warehouses packed with metallic objects or extremely dusty sites, where conventional RF, laser, ultrasonic or video technology may present severe limitations. The proposed solution is currently being applied in Automatic Guided Vehicle for warehouses. The architecture of the system and the obtained results are presented in details.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	4	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
The performance improvement of the target position determining system in laser tracking based on 4Q detector using neural network	2011	World Academy of Science, Engineering and Technology	One of the methods for detecting the target position error in the laser tracking systems is using Four Quadrant (4Q) detectors. If the coordinates of the target center is yielded through the usual relations of the detector outputs, the results will be nonlinear, dependent on the shape, target size and its position on the detector screen. In this paper we have designed an algorithm with using neural network that coordinates of the target center in laser tracking systems is calculated by using detector outputs obtained from visual modeling. With this method, the results except from the part related to the detector intrinsic limitation, are linear and dependent from the shape and target size.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Engineering (all)	Four quadrant detector,Laser tracking system,Rangefinder,Tracking sensor
Non-productive tool path optimisation of multi-tool part programmes	2011	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	The paper concerns the development of a computer-aided optimisation package for the minimisation of the residence time of a multi-component pallet being manufactured in a machining centre with a multi-tool facility. A methodology has been developed to take a part programme for the manufacture of many components which involves many tool changes, segment it, automatically re-sequence the machining order and regenerate it. Random input case studies have been used to demonstrate the ability of the software to minimise the number of tool changes and to find the near optimum tool path. A typical industrial case is given in the paper to show the ability of the software to reduce the residence time of a part programme. It is shown that the use of the computer-aided optimisation package with a range of part programmes reduced the pallet residence time by a factor between 4.6% and 32.3%.  2010 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Metal cutting,Milling,Optimisation,Simulated annealing,Tool path,TSP
A beacon color code scheduling for the localization of multiple robots	2011	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	This paper proposes a beacon color code scheduling algorithm for the localization of multiple robots in a multiblock workspace. With the development of intelligent robotics and ubiquitous technology, service robots are applicable for use in wide areas, such as airports and train stations, where multiple indoor GPS systems are required for the localization of the mobile robots. Indoor localization schemes using ultrasonic sensors have been widely studied due to their cheap price and high accuracy. However, ultrasonic sensors have some disadvantages, such as a short transmission range and interference with other ultrasonic signals. In order to concurrently use multiple robots in wide-area workspaces, it is necessary to resolve the interference problem among the multiple robots in the localization process. This paper proposes an indoor localization system for concurrent multiple robots localization in a wide service area divided into multiblocks for reliable sensor operation. The beacon color code scheduling algorithm is developed in order to avoid signal interference and to achieve an efficient localization with a high accuracy and a short sampling time. The performance of the proposed localization system has been verified through real experiments.  2011 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	21	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Beacon color code scheduling algorithm,concurrent localization,multiblock workspace,multiple robots localization
A job grouping approach for planning container transfers at automated seaport container terminals	2011	Advanced Engineering Informatics	This paper proposes a practical job grouping approach, which aims to enhance the time related performance metrics of container transfers in the Patrick AutoStrad container terminal, located in Brisbane, Australia. It first formulates a mathematical model of the automated container transfers in a relatively complex environment. Apart from the consideration on collision avoidance of a fleet of large vehicles in a confined area, it also deals with many other difficult practical challenges such as the presence of multiple levels of container stacking and sequencing, variable container orientations, and vehicular dynamics that require finite acceleration and deceleration times. The proposed job grouping approach aims to improve the makespan of the schedule for yard jobs, while reducing straddle carrier waiting time by grouping jobs using a guiding function. The performance of the current sequential job allocation method and the proposed job grouping approach are evaluated and compared statistically using a pooled t-test for 30 randomly generated yard configurations. The experimental results show that the job grouping approach can effectively improve the schedule makespan and reduce the total straddle carrier waiting time.  2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	16	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Automated seaport container terminals,Autonomous straddle carrier,Modelling,Scheduling
Mixed-load transportation scheduling of multiple agents in a warehouse environment	2011	Advanced Robotics	In a floor warehouse environment, where many agents transport numbers of products iteratively, efficient product transportation is required for high productivity. In general, the following facts are recognized. (i) Three kinds of jobs exist: picking, replenishment and arrangement. (ii) Mixed-load transportation can decrease the completion time of vehicles. In many former methods, however, the above facts are not considered. We propose a design methodology using a dispatching rule and a local search method based on a simulated annealing algorithm. The rule is applied to obtain the initial solution and the local search method is adopted to obtain a semi-optimal solution in consideration of mixed-load transportation. To evaluate the applicability of the proposed algorithm, we have implemented the algorithm in several product environments. The simulation results verify the effectiveness of the proposed method.  2011 Koninklijke Brill NV, Leiden.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications	mixed-load transportation,offline scheduling,online rescheduling,simulated annealing,Warehouse management
Development of a micro drive-under tractor - Research and application	2011	IMECS 2011 - International MultiConference of Engineers and Computer Scientists 2011	The in-plant transport of goods is increasingly becoming automated. All reasons that argue for automation result in a better cost effectiveness. An extended percentage of the load units are lightweight and small goods that often occur either as single parts or as several articles in multiple small load carriers. Modern logistics concepts demand an efficient transport and the delivery within the intended time. To reduce the covered distance a flexible adjustment of the load capacity to single or accumulated transport is beneficial so that the vehicle can carry the required amount of goods without being oversized. To fulfill these specifications the paper at hand presents the development and realization of a new type of Automated Guided Vehicle that is optimized for the transportation of small goods [1]. The construction is carried out as an omnidirectional drive-under tractor in compact dimensions. The main purpose of the vehicle is the automated towing of trailers. Additionally the transport of single small load carriers can be accomplished by using a lifting table. Therefore it is for the first possible time to use a towing and carrying vehicle with a variable load capacity. For the drive system Mecanum wheels are used to enable omnidirectional maneuverability.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Drive-under tractor,Omnidirectional drive
Wireless control of an automated guided vehicle	2011	IMECS 2011 - International MultiConference of Engineers and Computer Scientists 2011	This paper represents the design, implementation, and experimental results of a Radio Frequency (RF) based wireless control of a distributed Peripheral Interface Controller (PIC) microcontroller based Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), which is known as ROVER II (Roaming Vehicle for Entity Relocation). ROVER II was designed in-house as a general purpose guide path following mobile platform for material handling and transportation within a manufacturing facility.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Fiji	4	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Communication,Peripheral Interface Controller (PIC),Radio Frequency (RF),ROVER II (Roaming Vehicle for Entity Relocation)
Advanced speed control of an automated guided vehicle	2011	IMECS 2011 - International MultiConference of Engineers and Computer Scientists 2011	In this paper, the design, implementation and experimental results of an effective data communication protocol implemented on a distributed PIC microcontroller architecture based Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) named ROVER II (Roaming Vehicle for Entity Relocation) is presented. The main objective of the research was to design and implement a seven-bit speed control signal for ROVER II's speed and position control allowing for one percent duty cycle increment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Fiji	3	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Data packets,Encapsulation/ decapsulation,Mobile robot,Pulse width modulation (PWM),Speed/position control
Design for AGV based on binocular stereo vision	2011	Advanced Materials Research	Based on the sliding mode variable structure control theory, the sliding mode control algorithm is proposed for a nonholonomic mobile robot system. The Lyapunov function and exponential approximation law are used for designing the control law of the mobile robot. And the binocular stereo vision method is proposed for the four wheeled AGV to implement the obstacle detection and the depth calculation. Finally, the control law is designed and simulated by the proposed algorithm for the wheeled mobile robot, and the simulation results show that the proposed algorithm is efficient, and also can reduce the chattering of the system, and in the experiment the four wheeled mobile robot can also successfully detect obstacles.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	AGV,Binocular stereo vision,Mobile robot,Nonholonomic,Sliding mode control
Multi-types AGVs quantity configuration optimization based on simulation optimization	2011	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	To decide the best AGV quantity configuration, a mathematic model was set up using process, AGV path, dispatch rule as constraint, and making sure the outputs of workshop be largest. Due to the complexity of the problem, an optimal method based on simulation optimization was proposed, using simulation model to simulate the running of AGVs and the algorithm GA to determine the quantity of AGVs. At last, validity and feasibility of the method were proved by a case study of air-condition assembly workshop.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Mechanical Engineering	AGV quantity configuration,Genetic algorithm,Mathematic model,Simulation optimization
Application research of automatic guided vehicle system based on LIN bus	2011	Advanced Materials Research	The application model of automatic guided vehicle system based on LIN bus with a chip of MC9S12XEP100 is provided. The hardware circuit and software design process are given. The description about design of LIN bus interface are given in detail. The causes of interference problems in the IC production line are also analyzed, and the solving paths offered.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	AGV,LIN,MC9S12XEP100
Design and optimization of wheel drive control system for mobile robots	2011	Communications in Computer and Information Science	A wheel drive control system is designed to make Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) keep the desired wheel velocities required by path tracking in this paper. A microcontroller ARM LPC2220 is used to construct the hardware circuit, and a PID controller is encapsulated into the drive control task of real-time operating system μC/OS-II. The controller parameters are optimized by a multi-objective genetic algorithm (MOGA) with Pareto optimality and elitist tactics. Experiment results show that the MOGA selects Pareto optimal solution based on decision-making preferences, and the drive control system achieves a satisfactory moving performance required by AGV path tracking.  2011 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Automated Guided Vehicle,Elitist tactics,Genetic algorithm,Motion control,Multi-objective optimization
Enumeration of lost states of a suboptimal control model of a well-known S3PR	2011	IET Control Theory and Applications	Deadlocks halt a system completely causing a significant financial loss to a company. To resolve this problem, deadlock prevention (by adding monitors to problematic siphons) has been quite a popular research. Uzam and Zhou applied region analysis to a well-known S3PR to achieve a near-maximum permissive control policy. However, they do not list the lost states, which is essential to improve the control model. The lost states can be obtained by reachability analysis, which is a rather tedious process. Without theory, one could waste much time failing to reach more states and there is no effective solution so far in the literature. Thus, it is important to find out the condition where more states can be reached. If no more states can be reached, one should simply stop and remain satisfied with the suboptimal model obtained or employ weighted control arcs to reach more states. It is desirable to compute the gain of states without the costly reachability analysis when an alternative control policy is employed. It is interesting to explore which live states are lost in the first-met bad marking (FBM) method, which has not yet been available in the literature. This study presents the very first method to compute all lost states based on invariant without reachability analysis.  2011 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
On the distribution of the number stranded in bulk-arrival, bulk-service queues of the M/G/1 form	2011	European Journal of Operational Research	Bulk-arrival queues with single servers that provide bulk service are widespread in the real world, e.g.; elevators in buildings, people-movers in amusement parks, air-cargo delivery planes, and automated guided vehicles. Much of the literature on this topic focusses on the development of the theory for waiting time and number in such queues. We develop the theory for the number stranded, i.e.; the number of customers left behind after each service, in queues of the M/G/1 form, where there is single server, the arrival process is Poisson, the service is of a bulk nature, and the service time is a random variable. For the homogenous Poisson case, in our model the service time can have any given distribution. For the non-homogenous Poisson arrivals, due to a technicality, we assume that the service time is a discrete random variable. Our analysis is not only useful for performance analysis of bulk queues but also in designing server capacity when the aim is to reduce the frequency of stranding. Past attempts in the literature to study this problem have been hindered by the use of Laplace transforms, which pose severe numerical difficulties. Our approach is based on using a discrete-time Markov chain, which bypasses the need for Laplace transforms and is numerically tractable. We perform an extensive numerical analysis of our models to demonstrate their usefulness. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt in the literature to study this problem in a comprehensive manner providing numerical solutions.  2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Bulk queues,Downside risk,Queueing
Evaluating heuristics for prioritizing context-aware route planning agents	2011	2011 International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC 2011	In multi-agent route planning, there is a set of autonomous vehicles (agents), each with their own start and destination locations. Agents want to reach their respective destinations as quickly as possible while avoiding collisions and deadlocks with other agents. Finding an optimal set of conflict-free route plans is an NP-hard problem, so we have developed a polynomial-time, single-agent route planning algorithm that finds an optimal (shortest-time) conflict-free route plan given a set of reservations from higher-priority agents. The cost of the multi-agent route plan that results from the sequential application of our single-agent algorithm depends on the order in which the agents plan. We therefore present a number of agent ordering heuristics, and evaluate them on different types of infrastructures and according to different measures of multi-agent plan cost. If we wish to minimize the makespan of a multi-agent route plan, then the best heuristic is to let agents plan first that have to cover the greatest distances; if we are optimizing for the sum of individual agent plan costs, then the best approach is a greedy heuristic that prioritizes agents that are least affected by the reservations of others.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Improved condition for controllability of strongly dependent strict minimal siphons in Petri nets	2011	2011 International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC 2011	Li and Zhou propose an important concept for Petri nets: elementary siphons. They partition siphons into elementary and dependent ones. The controllability of the latter can be ensured by the former's proper control. They give a sufficient condition to decide whether a dependent siphon is controlled by its elementary ones in S3PR. However, this condition is so loose that in many cases the controllability of a dependent SMS cannot be determined although it is actually controlled. In this paper, we propose an improved condition to decide the controllability of strongly dependent SMS.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Research and implementation of visual control technology with AGV	2011	2011 International Conference on Electric Information and Control Engineering, ICEICE 2011 - Proceedings	Guidance and navigation are central to the Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) research. This paper presents a visual control technology of AGV based on ultrasonic/ radio frequency (RF) for both ranging and positioning. First we install information nodes and set reference points, reference direction at the running field. So that physical coordinates can be mapped to logical ones on the master computer. Second, distances between AGV and nodes are detected and sent to the master computer. Actual coordinates are mapped to the control terminal of the master computer. Using these data and 3-D coordinates we can work out real-time coordinates for AGV. Last, planning path for AGV on master computer to realize visual control. Experimental results indicate that the method is simple design, flexible running, and high control precision and strong robustness.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV),coordinates transform,ranging and positioning,visual control
Research on running state control for the AGV based on reflected infrared photoelectric sensor	2011	2011 International Conference on Electric Information and Control Engineering, ICEICE 2011 - Proceedings	A method of running state control for AGV by usage of reflected infrared photoelectric sensor to read the control information is introduced. The control information is showed on the traffic lane by encoded and expressed with the specific barcode. So we can control the AGV effectively by reading the control information through the vehicle-mounted reflected infrared photoelectric sensor. The algorithm and experimental result are given. Experimental result indicates that the method is simple and effective; also have good robustness and practicality.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV),barcode,photoelectric sensor,reflected infrared,running state
Design of an efficient contactless energy transfer system for battery charger	2011	2011 International Conference on Electric Information and Control Engineering, ICEICE 2011 - Proceedings	Based on mutual inductance model, this paper proposed three system design factors, i.e., coupling coefficient k, energy receive circuit's quality Q s, and the self inductance ratio of primary and secondary coil n, which highly simplified the model of contactless energy transfer system(CETS). It is meanful to express the important characteristic parameters (transfer efficiency, voltage stress on compensation capacitors, voltage gain of CETS, ect.) as functions of the three factors, for it enables us to select operating frequency, turn ratio of coils and compensation capacitors much more easily than traditional design methods. Experimental results of a 48V/20AH battery charger system validated the design theory.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	contactless energy transfer system(CETS),mutual inductance model,resonant converter,separable transformer
Multi-objective Genetic Algorithm for System Identification and Controller Optimization of Automated Guided Vehicle	2011	Journal of Networks	This paper presents a multi-objective genetic algorithm (MOGA) with Pareto optimality and elitist tactics for the control system design of automated guided vehicle (AGV). The MOGA is used to identify AGV driving system model and optimize its servo control system sequentially. In system identification, the model identified by least square method is adopted as an evolution tutor who selects the individuals having balanced performances in all objectives as elitists. In controller optimization, the velocity regulating capability required by AGV path tracking is employed as decision-making preferences which select Pareto optimal solutions as elitists. According to different objectives and elitist tactics, several sub-populations are constructed and they evolve concurrently by using independent reproduction, neighborhood mutation and heuristic crossover. The lossless finite precision method and the multi-objective normalized increment distance are proposed to keep the population diversity with a low computational complexity. Experiment results show that the cascaded MOGA have the capability to make the system model consistent with AGV driving system both in amplitude and phase, and to make its servo control system satisfy the requirements on dynamic performance and steady-state accuracy in AGV path tracking.  2011 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Computer Networks and Communications	Controller optimization,Genetic algorithm,Multi-objective optimization,System identification
Applications of polling systems	2011	Surveys in Operations Research and Management Science	Since the first paper on polling systems, written by Mack in 1957, a huge number of papers on this topic has been written. A typical polling system consists of a number of queues, attended by a single server. In several surveys, the most notable ones written by Takagi, detailed and comprehensive descriptions of the mathematical analysis of polling systems are provided. The goal of the present survey paper is to complement these papers by putting the emphasis on applications of polling models. We discuss not only the capabilities, but also the limitations of polling models in representing various applications. The present survey is directed at both academicians and practitioners.  2011 Elsevier Ltd.	Book Series	k	re	Review	Netherlands	94	Information Systems,Economics and Econometrics,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	None
Multi-sensor-based control strategy for initiating and maintaining interaction between a robot and a human	2011	Advanced Robotics	This paper presents a multi-sensor-based control strategy allowing a mobile robot to safely navigate with respect to a given human being. Two sensors are embedded in our robot: a vision system that is able to detect and track the person of interest, and a RFID antennas belt that can locate the tag worn by the latter. Thus, our control strategy will be built using image features (when the user is visible) and RFID information (when not). In the first case, a robust visual servoing control will be designed, while in the second case a suitable RFID controller will be proposed. Experimental results demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed control strategy.  2011 Koninklijke Brill NV, Leiden.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Algeria	14	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications	particle filtering,RFID detection,sensor-based control,sliding mode,Visual servoing
Improved sufficient condition for the controllability of dependent siphons in system of simple sequential processes with resources	2011	IET Control Theory and Applications	Ezpeleta et al. defined a class of Petri nets called system of simple sequential processes with resources, S3PR for short, which can well model some flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) and present a deadlock prevention policy based on strict minimal siphons (SMS). However, the number of SMS grows exponentially with net size, thereby making the liveness-enforcing supervisor very complex. Li and Zhou proposed an improved policy that allows one to design a much simpler supervisor. They partitioned SMS into dependent and elementary ones, and control dependent ones by controlling elementary ones only. They give a sufficient condition to decide whether a dependent SMS is controlled by its elementary ones. However, this condition is so loose that in most cases the controllability of a dependent SMS cannot be determined although it is actually controlled. The authors propose an improved condition based on a more detailed relationship between dependent and elementary SMS. Finally, an FMS example is used to illustrate the advantage of the proposed condition.  2011 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	23	Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A machine-to-loop assignment and layout design methodology for tandem AGV systems with single-load vehicles	2011	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, we propose a method for design of tandem automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems with single-load vehicles. We consider the concurrent design of machines layout and AGV guide paths for a tandem system. Our goal is to devise a method that can achieve the following objectives: (1) maximise the workload balance between loops; (2) minimise the inter-loop flow; and (3) minimise the total flow distance. Our method solves the problem in four stages, considering the machines layout and the tandem paths at the same time. It assigns machines to loops, determines the layout of each loop, arranges loops on the floor, and finally designs a transportation centre to link the loops. We compare the performance of our method with a sequential design method that first determines the layout and then assigns the machines to loops. We solve a number of randomly generated problems for both methods. Results indicate that the proposed algorithm performs faster and achieves lower values of inter-loop flows and inter-loop flow distances.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	19	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,layout design,simulated annealing,tandem configuration
Formal verification of negotiation protocols for multi-agent manufacturing systems	2011	International Journal of Production Research	Formal verification is an important means of tackling behavioural problems such as deadlocks in multi-agent systems. This paper is concerned with the role played by formal verification in the simulation-based performance analysis of multi-agent manufacturing systems. A discrete-event simulation case study is presented to show how varying certain timing parameters of the agent negotiation protocol affects the performance of a multi-agent manufacturing system as well as the chance of getting deadlocks among the software agents. When one tries to determine the optimal values of these timing parameters based on the simulation results, formal verification can help refine the results by confirming whether deadlocks among software agents are indeed possible for particular parameter values. This involves modelling the system's real-time behaviour according to the simulation model and applying the techniques and tools of model checking.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	agent based systems,agile manufacturing,process planning,simulation applications,software engineering
Modeling and optimization of integrated scheduling of automated warehouse system	2011	Advanced Materials Research	In order to improve the efficiency of automated warehouse system, the integrated scheduling problem was studied on the basis of a typical warehouse layout. A new multi-objective mathematical model was built with constraints. The reason that leads to automated guided vehicle (AGV) deadlock was analyzed on basis of bidirectional route of AGV. And a deadlock-free control policy named alternative path was proposed. A heuristic algorithm based on genetic algorithm was proposed to solve the problem. The rule of coding, selection, crossover and mutation was described in detail. The simulation result shows that the proposed algorithm is effective and can be used in practical.  2011 Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	Automated warehouse system,Genetic heuristic algorithm,Integrated scheduling,Multi-objective optimization
The mature wheat cut and uncut edge detection method based on wavelet image rotation and projection	2011	African Journal of Agricultural Research	For combine harvester, automatically and promptly recognizing the cut and uncut edge of guideline is the key technology to realize autonomous navigation based on vision machine. One novel method termed wavelet image rotation and projection algorithm has been established. It includes the following essential steps. Firstly, 2 3 scale of wavelet transforming was selected because of intrinsic characteristics of multiscale and multiresolution of wavelet transforming, and the low frequency wavelet image was obtained which was used to rotate transform to computer column average values. To achieve the best match of rough-division and elaborate-division, and to reduce processing time, the initial given rotation angle was 5°, and the final rotation angle was 1° based on former rotating transform. Then the rotation and projection matrix R including the column average values and the enumeration angles was achieved. Finally, the difference in rotation and projection matrix came from R's row vectors' difference operation to locate extremum values, the heading angle and lateral position can be found out. The method result shows the accuracy of recognizing cut and uncut line, achieve the effect with 95.6%, the average processing time is 109.3 ms per frame, and the algorithm owns the characteristics of anti-color-disturbance, independent on the whole brightness and high robustness. The method can also be applied to detect the field end line.  2011 Academic Journals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all)	Autonomous guidance,Mature wheat image combine harvester,Rotation and projection matrix,Wavelet transform
Flexible manufacturing systems modelling and performance evaluation using automod	2011	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	In recent times flexible manufacturing systems emerged as a powerful technology to meet the continuous changing customer demands. Increase in the performance of flexible manufacturing systems is expected as a result of integration of the shop floor activities such as machine and vehicle scheduling. The authors made an attempt to integrate machine and vehicle scheduling with an objective to minimize the makespan using Automod. Automod is a discrete event simulation package used to model and simulate a wide variety of issues in automated manufacturing systems. The key issues related to the design and operation of automated guided vehicles such as flow path layout, number of vehicles and traffic control problems are considered in the study. The performance measures like throughput, machine and vehicle utilization are studied for different job dispatching and vehicle assignment rules in different flexible manufacturing system configurations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	22	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle,Automod,Flexible manufacturing system,Simulation,Simultaneous scheduling
Comparison of operations of AGVs and ALVs in an automated container terminal	2011	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	In an automated container terminal, the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and the automated lifting vehicles (ALVs) are the most popular candidates to be used for transporting containers between the quayside and the storage yard. In this paper, we compare the operational productivities of the two types of vehicles when used in combination with the quay cranes of various performances. We assume a flexible path layout in which the vehicles can move almost freely in any vertical and horizontal directions. The traffic control scheme employed in our simulation finds a minimum- time route and schedules the travel to avoid deadlocks. Simulation experiments show that the ALVs reach the same productivity level as the AGVs using much less number of vehicles due to its self-lifting capability. However, the results also reveal that the AGVs eventually catch up the performance of the ALVs in most cases if the number of vehicles given is large enough. An exception is when the tandem double-trolley QCs are used for loading, in which case the AGVs cannot catch up the ALVs no matter how many more vehicles are added.  2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	31	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated container terminal,Automated guided vehicle,Automated lifting vehicle,Deadlock avoidance,Quayside productivity
A navigation controller for autonomous land vehicles based on heterogeneous fuzzy neural network ensemble	2011	Wuhan Ligong Daxue Xuebao (Jiaotong Kexue Yu Gongcheng Ban)/Journal of Wuhan University of Technology (Transportation Science and Engineering)	The ALV's navigation controller that based on back propagation network has been designed, while its heterogeneous fuzzy neural network has been also established, and the training sample and inspection set were brought in the experiment data, so the controller can track fixed route precisely by output of wheels' subdivided revolving speed. The test results have showed that the method can control the vehicle stably to track navigation path precisely.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous land vehicle,BP neural network ensemble,Heterogeneous optimization,Navigation control
FMS Performance under balancing machine workload and minimizing part movement rules	2011	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	A simulation model is developed to evaluate the performance of a flexible manufacturing system with respect to time in system. The new rule to assign parts to machine-tools we propose, OOM (Only One Machine), designed to minimize parts movements performs poorer than WINQ (Work In Queue), a rule directed at balancing machine workload. Different numbers of automated guided vehicles (AGV) produce significantly different results with the best performance resulting with five AGVs. Three AGVs are too few to handle the transportation requirements, whereas seven may, to some extent, increase AGV blockage. The number of parts that can be entirely processed on one single machine is found to impact performance, but the impact is not consistent across the experimental conditions. Three rules to sequence parts to be processed are found to have a moderate impact when OOM assignment is employed, but have no impact under the WINQ assignment rule.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	4	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Flexible manufacturing system,OOM,Simulation,Time in system,WINQ
A block transportation scheduling system considering a minimisation of travel distance without loading of and interference between multiple transporters	2011	International Journal of Production Research	Material transportation scheduling problems concerning scheduling optimisation have been extensively investigated by researchers in such fields as industrial engineering and management science. Various algorithms have been proposed to solve such problems. However, the majority of these algorithms cannot be applied to a block transportation problem when a shipyard that uses a transporter, a large vehicle employed for moving weight, is considered. In this study, a hybrid optimisation algorithm is proposed for solving a block transportation problem when multiple transporters are used. With regards to the transporters, a minimisation of the travel distance without loading of and interference between the transporters is considered. A block transportation scheduling system is then developed based on the proposed algorithm. The developed system is applied to an actual block transportation scheduling problem of a shipyard. From the attained results, we demonstrate that the proposed algorithm has the ability to effectively solve the block transportation scheduling problems of a shipyard.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	17	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	ant algorithm,block transportation scheduling,genetic algorithm,multi-objective optimisation problem,shipbuilding,transporter
Single infra-red sensor technique for line-tracking autonomous mobile vehicle	2011	Proceedings - 2011 IEEE 7th International Colloquium on Signal Processing and Its Applications, CSPA 2011	Floor-based line-tracking technique is widely implemented for use in many autonomous mobile vehicle applications in the industries such as for transportation of goods within an enclosed warehouse or factories. It is also popular in competition robots. Many line-tracking systems utilize several kinds of discrete sensors such as the reflective infra-red LED, light dependent resistor (LDR), and multi-array inductance. Multiple of these discrete sensors are required to be arranged closed together in front of the vehicle and facing the floor to trace the profile of the line. A minimum of two sensors are required to ensure effectiveness of the line detection algorithm, especially to determine the vehicle's position, either at left or at right with respect to line. This paper proposed a latest idea of using only one discrete sensor for mobile vehicle to detect a line having two colour shades on a white background surface. The results show that single sensor managed to allow the vehicle to maneuver as effectively on the line.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	6	Signal Processing	autonomous,infra-red sensor,line-tracking,mobile robot
Model identification based on multi-objective optimization for AGV driving systems	2011	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	A novel model identification approach based on least square method and multi-objective genetic algorithm was presented for the driving system of AGV. The model identified by least square method was adopted by multi-objective genetic algorithm as an evolution tutor who selected these individuals having a balance among a set of objective performances as elitists. Lossless finite precision method was used to keep the population diversity, and a multi-objective combined function was designed for a quick search for Pareto optimal solutions. The model identification experiments of AGV driving system demonstrate that the response curve of the model identified by the novel approach is much consistent with the object response curve both in amplitude and phase, which will provide a precise system model for AGV servo control system design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Genetic algorithm,Model identification,Multi-objective optimization
Development of analytic network process for the selection of material handling systems in the design of flexible manufacturing systems &lpar;FMS&rpar;	2011	Journal of Advances in Management Research	2011, Emerald Group Publishing Limited.PurposeSelection of material handling systems &lpar;MHS&rpar; is an important decision to be taken during the design of flexible manufacturing systems &lpar;FMS&rpar; as it affects the layout of FMS. Many researchers have addressed this issue of MHS selection in the domain of operations management, while a few of them have addressed this issue in the domain of FMS. However, none of them have modelled this problem by incorporating the relationship&sol;dependencies that exist between various factors&sol;attributes&sol;criteria&sol;elements &lpar;in short, it will be called &ldquo;factors&rdquo; for the sake of simplicity&rpar;. The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the development of the analytic network process &lpar;ANP&rpar; for the selection of MHS in the design of FMS for a hypothetical case organisation. Design&sol;methodology&sol;approachAs mentioned above, selection of MHS in design of FMS is a complex decision&hyphen;making problem, as it is dependent on many factors. Hence, one of the recently developed multi&hyphen;attribute decision&hyphen;making &lpar;MADM&rpar; models – namely the ANP &mdash; is utilised as it has the capability to incorporate the relationship that exists between and within different factors. To demonstrate the application of ANP, a hypothetical case situation is presented. FindingsThe results obtained from ANP revealed that conveyor is a better alternative for the FMS under the given case situation. Furthermore, this study also revealed the computational complexity of the ANP, albeit it is successful implementation of dependency&sol;relationships between the factors within the decision&hyphen;making process. Practical implicationsIt is believed that this paper will enable the practitioners to appreciate the role of ANP in the strategic decision&hyphen;making process, apart from helping them understand how decisions can be made in a structured manner. However, it should be understood that although ANP can provide adequate support to the decisions being made, it requires the experience and judgements of the decision makers to arrive at a particular decision. Originality&sol;value – According to the authors' knowledge, no paper exists in the literature that demonstrates the application of ANP, specifically for selecting a MHS during the design of FMS by considering 35 or more factors. Furthermore, the paper attempts to model this problem by incorporating the relationship&sol;dependency that exist between these factors, which is unique when compared to those papers that have already dealt with this problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	14	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Decision support systems,Flexible manufacturing systems,India,Material handling
On-tracking control of agricultural mobile robot based on inner information	2011	Proceedings - International Conference on Computer Distributed Control and Intelligent Environmental Monitoring, CDCIEM 2011	This paper described an agricultural mobile robot which was refitted by FT4040 tractor. A position calculation method using inner information was proposed, and the tractor straight-line tracking control was researched by fuzzy control theory. The position and posture of the tractor were calculated using the information which detected byythe inner sensors, a fuzzycontroller was designed for straight-line tracking control. The lateral offset, heading angle and steering angle were selected as the input variable of the controller, the output variable of the controller was the steering motor speed. Test results indicated that the precision of position detecting system was higher, and the fuzzycontroller could meet the demand of straight-line tracking control in short distance. The tractor could be controlled effectivelyywhile the information of visual navigation system and GPS navigation system were unstable or missing.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Environmental Engineering	Fuzzy control,Inner information,On-tracking control
Scheduling in Supply Chains Using Mixed Integer Programming	2011	Scheduling in Supply Chains Using Mixed Integer Programming	A unified, systematic approach to applying mixed integer programming solutions to integrated scheduling in customer-driven supply chains. Supply chain management is a rapidly developing field, and the recent improvements in modeling, preprocessing, solution algorithms, and mixed integer programming (MIP) software have made it possible to solve large-scale MIP models of scheduling problems, especially integrated scheduling in supply chains. Featuring a unified and systematic presentation, Scheduling in Supply Chains Using Mixed Integer Programming provides state-of-the-art MIP modeling and solutions approaches, equipping readers with the knowledge and tools to model and solve real-world supply chain scheduling problems in make-to-order manufacturing. Drawing upon the author's own research, the book explores MIP approaches and examples-which are modeled on actual supply chain scheduling problems in high-tech industries-in three comprehensive sections: • Short-Term Scheduling in Supply Chains presents various MIP models and provides heuristic algorithms for scheduling flexible flow shops and surface mount technology lines, balancing and scheduling of Flexible Assembly Lines, and loading and scheduling of Flexible Assembly Systems • Medium-Term Scheduling in Supply Chains outlines MIP models and MIP-based heuristic algorithms for supplier selection and order allocation, customer order acceptance and due date setting, material supply scheduling, and medium-term scheduling and rescheduling of customer orders in a make-to-order discrete manufacturing environment • Coordinated Scheduling in Supply Chains explores coordinated scheduling of manufacturing and supply of parts as well as the assembly of products in supply chains with a single producer and single or multiple suppliers; MIP models for a single- or multiple-objective decision making are also provided. Two main decision-making approaches are discussed and compared throughout. The integrated (simultaneous) approach, in which all required decisions are made simultaneously using complex, monolithic MIP models; and the hierarchical (sequential) approach, in which the required decisions are made successively using hierarchies of simpler and smaller-sized MIP models. Throughout the book, the author provides insight on the presented modeling tools using AMPL® modeling language and CPLEX solver. Scheduling in Supply Chains Using Mixed Integer Programming is a comprehensive resource for practitioners and researchers working in supply chain planning, scheduling, and management. The book is also appropriate for graduate- and PhD-level courses on supply chains for students majoring in management science, industrial engineering, operations research, applied mathematics, and computer science.  2011 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.	Book	b	bk	Book	Poland	34	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
ETC development pushes combination of RFID and ITS	2011	International Conference on Advanced Communication Technology, ICACT	The combination of Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) and Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) makes the Electronic Toll Collection (ETC). On one hand, ETC can help the recovery of the investment in transport infrastructure. On the other hand, it is also an effective way to ease traffic congestion in the charging station area, thus reducing environmental pollution. So nowadays, many countries first develop ETC to accelerate the development of the national Intelligent Transportation. With serious traffic problems, the application of ETC in China is widely promoted. In this paper, ETC in China is taken for an example to introduce the key technologies of it and to explain how it works to improve traffic quality.  2011 Global IT Research Inst.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	7	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	ETC,ITS,RFID,transportation
A bilevel decomposition algorithm for simultaneous production scheduling and conflict-free routing for automated guided vehicles	2011	Computers and Operations Research	We address a bilevel decomposition algorithm for solving the simultaneous scheduling and conflict-free routing problems for automated guided vehicles. The overall objective is to minimize the total weighted tardiness of the set of jobs related to these tasks. A mixed integer formulation is decomposed into two levels: the upper level master problem of task assignment and scheduling; and the lower level routing subproblem. The master problem is solved by using Lagrangian relaxation and a lower bound is obtained. Either the solution turns out to be feasible for the lower level or a feasible solution for the problem is constructed, and an upper bound is obtained. If the convergence is not satisfied, cuts are generated to exclude previous feasible solutions before solving the master problem again. Two types of cuts are proposed to reduce the duality gap. The effectiveness of the proposed method is investigated from computational experiments.  2010 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	61	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicle,Bilevel decomposition,Lagrangian relaxation,Routing,Scheduling
Localization of position using radio frequency identification arrayg	2011	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	In distribution centres, usability of an automated guided vehicle depends on the accuracy of its positioning system. In manufacturing industries and global supply chains, one of the biggest operational costs is to manage movement of goods and materials within the distribution centres. This type of goods movement involves numerous trips. A wide variety of technologies have been proposed but there are still issues in terms of cost, accuracy, line of sight, and site support. Toovercome these issues, the inclusion ofradio frequency identification (RFID) transponders as a location data source has been found to be promising. The advantage of an RFID system is that it can read a large number of transponders without simultaneous line of sight of the transponders. This paper describes a low-cost, highly flexible two-dimensional positioning system using an RFID array. A large number of experiments are performed and the position of an object is computed by the weighted average method. The effectiveness of different weighting functions for calculating the localized positions using RFID data from the array is evaluated. Preliminary experimentation shows that this system is capable of locating an object with an average accuracy of 67mm, using an array with a 350mm spacing between tags.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	3	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Distribution centre operation,Position localization,Positioning system,RFID array
The dynamic transfer batch-size decision for thin film transistor-liquid crystal display array manufacturing by artificial neural-network	2011	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In the thin film transistor-liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) manufacturing process, array manufacturing is an important process. Transporting activities in array manufacturing are an important factor because of the frequent tasks. The transporting activity in array manufacturing is performed by an automated material handling system (AMHS). Automated guided vehicle (AGV) is the transporter used to carry glass substrates that are stored in a cassette. The capacity of a cassette is known as the transfer batch-size. Prior research of decisions in transfer batch-size, has addressed an optimal methodology, where one optimal transfer batch-size is assumed to have known conditions. However, in the volatile production environment, there may be multiple kinds of transfer batch-sizes. Therefore, we present an application of using a dynamic transfer batch-size strategy within a volatile production environment. In order to obtain the appropriate transfer batch-size for the current production environment, we adopt a neural-network based methodology as the core of the decision-making mechanism. This mechanism has the capability to identify the suitable transfer batch-size to allow an effective and efficient transportation under numerous conditions within the current production environment. This methodology is compared with the fixed transfer batch-size strategy in a real practical case. The results show that the dynamic transfer batch-size is superior to the fixed batch-size transportation.  2010 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	6	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Artificial neural-network,Dynamic transfer batch-size,Thin film transistor-liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD)
Least-cost planning sequence estimation in labelled Petri nets	2011	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	This paper develops a recursive algorithm for estimating the least-cost planning sequence in a manufacturing system that is modelled by a labelled Petri net. We consider a setting where we are given a sequence of labels that represents a sequence of tasks that need to be executed during a manufacturing process, and we assume that each label (task) can potentially be accomplished by a number of different transitions, which represent alternative ways of accomplishing a specific task. The processes via which individual tasks can be accomplished and the interactions among these processes in the given manufacturing system are captured by the structure of the labelled Petri net. Moreover, each transition in this net is associated with a non-negative cost that captures its execution cost (eg, in terms of the amount of workload or power required to execute the transition). Given the sequence of labels (ie, the sequence of tasks that has to be accomplished), we need to identify the transition firing sequence(s) (ie, the sequence(s) of activities) that has (have) the least total cost and accomplishes (accomplish) the desired sequence of tasks while, of course, obeying the constraints imposed by the manufacturing system (ie, the dynamics and structure of the Petri net). We develop a recursive algorithm that finds the least-cost transition firing sequence(s) with complexity that is polynomial in the length of the given sequence of labels (tasks). An example of two parallel working machines is also provided to illustrate how the algorithm can be used to estimate least-cost planning sequences.  2009 The Institute of Measurement and Control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Instrumentation	Labelled Petri nets,Least-cost firing sequences,Planning sequence estimation
A concurrent solution for intra-cell flow path layouts and I/O point locations of cells in a cellular manufacturing system	2011	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In this paper, we study the I/O (Input/Output) point location problem and the intra-cell flow path layout problem of cells in a cellular manufacturing system. Traditional approaches have often solved these two problems as separate problems, despite they are mutually affected. As a result, the results obtained by traditional approaches may not be as desirable as expected. In this study, we propose a layout procedure that can solve these two problems concurrently, so that the sum of the inter-cell flow distance and the intra-cell flow distance can be minimized. We assume cells have been arranged along a straight-line inter-cell flow path. Furthermore, the machines' positions on each cell's intra-cell flow path have been determined, but the intra-cell flow path of each cell has not been placed on the shop floor yet. We also assume the configuration of intra-cell flow paths is serpentine. The proposed layout procedure classifies the flow distance incurred by inter-cell flow into five types and minimizes them with different solution procedures containing various linear programming models. The proposed layout procedure has four phases. At the first phase, we find each cell's input and output points on the inter-cell flow path by considering only the inter-cell flow distance. At the second phase, we find the input and outpoint points on each cell's intra-cell flow path by considering only the intra-cell flow distance. At the third phase, we use the points found in the previous two phases as references to help us correctly orient and arrange each cell's intra-cell flow path on the shop floor. Finally, at the fourth phase, we find the accurate the input points and output points on each cell's intra-cell flow path and the inter-cell flow path by simultaneously considering the inter-cell and the intra-cell flow distance. We use an example to illustrate the proposed layout procedure. The results of the example show that the proposed layout procedure can effectively find each cell's I/O point locations and intra-cell flow path layout by considering both intra-cell and inter-cell flow distance at the same time.  2010 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Cellular manufacturing system,I/O point location,Intra-cell flow path layout
Identification of controllable transitions to decide the existence of an optimal liveness-enforcing supervisor for a class of Petri nets	2011	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	Behaviour permissiveness is an important criterion in evaluating the performance of a liveness-enforcing supervisor for discrete event systems. The existence of uncontrollable events is a standard feature in the supervisory control of discrete event systems. A natural problem arising in this area is the existence of an optimal supervisor when there exist uncontrollable events in a plant. For a class of Petri net models of flexible manufacturing systems, whose optimal liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisors can be synthesized by a particular method through the addition of a set of monitors, this paper aims to identify a set of transitions such that the existence of an optimal liveness-enforcing net supervisor depends on their controllability. The controllability of a transition is decided by solving a linear programming problem to verify whether a monitor with arcs to the transition can act to inhibit it when it is otherwise enabled. A number of examples are presented to demonstrate the application of the proposed methods.  2009 The Institute of Measurement and Control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Instrumentation	Elementary siphon,Flexible manufacturing system,Optimal liveness-enforcing supervisor,Petri net,Uncontrollable transition
Decentralized traffic control for non-holonomic flexible automated guided vehicles in industrial environments	2011	Advanced Robotics	This paper deals with the problem of coordinating flexible automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in real manufacturing systems. The problem consists of ensuring safe and successful task execution while several AGVs operate as a distributed transportation system in real industrial environments. The proposed solution combines different decentralized techniques to increase the flexibility and scalability of the multirobot system. The coordination is addressed by dividing the problem into path planning, obstacle avoidance and traffic control problems. The path planning method takes into account the location of mates for replanning the routes. The obstacle avoidance technique considers the kinematic constraints of the platform for reactive motion control. The traffic control approach makes use of a decentralized control policy that takes into account the capabilities of vehicles. By combining all these techniques and configuring the system properly, we present the successful development of a distributed transportation system composed of a team of flexible AGVs. The proposed solution has been validated using both a set of custom-modified AGVs operating in a real factory and a simulation of several AGVs operating in a virtual scenario.  2011 VSP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	15	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications	decentralized control,industrial robots,Multirobot systems,path planning
A decision-making methodology for automated guided vehicle selection problem using a preference selection index method	2011	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Automated guided vehicle selection, a key concern in manufacturing environment is a complex, difficult task and requires extensive technical knowledge with systematic analysis. It is invaluable to justify the selected equipment before actual implementation of the same. This paper presents a logical procedure to select automated guided vehicle in manufacturing environment for a given application. The procedure is based on preference selection index (PSI) method. An automated guided vehicle selection index is proposed that evaluates and ranks automated guided vehicle for the given application. An example is included to illustrate the approach.  2011 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	12	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Automated guided vehicle,PSI,TOPSIS
AGV scheduling for automated material distribution: A case study	2011	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	We have studied the scheduling of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) for efficient and uniform material distribution from a truck-dock to machining units of the machine shop in an automotive manufacturing plant. The material distribution problem, being a much simpler special case of the more general material transfer problem, is easily amenable to analysis. We have assessed the number of AGVs required to meet the total material requirements of all the machining units in the shop. Proposing innovative dispatch rules, we have evaluated their performance in simulation by monitoring parameters reflecting efficiency and uniformity of material distribution, both for single AGV and multiple AGV case. In multiple AGV case, we introduce the notion of zones having comparable demands for AGV, and assign one AGV to each zone, so that each AGV can operate largely independently-sharing a minimum path with other AGVs using deadlock avoiding protocols. The results of simulation runs and their implications are discussed.  Springer Science+Business Media LLC 2009.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	32	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicles,Discrete event simulation,Dispatch rules,Material distribution,Scheduling
Least-cost transition firing sequence estimation in labeled Petri nets with unobservable transitions	2011	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	This paper proposes an approach for estimating the least-cost transition firing sequence(s) that matches (match) the observation of a sequence of labels produced by transition activity in a given labeled Petri net. Each transition in the labeled net is associated with a (possibly empty) label and also with a nonnegative cost which captures its likelihood (e.g., in terms of the amount of workload or power required to execute the transition). Given full knowledge of the structure of the labeled Petri net and the observation of a sequence of labels, we aim at finding the transition firing sequence(s) that is (are) consistent with both the observed label sequence and the Petri net, and also has (have) the least total cost (i.e., the least sum of individual transition costs). The existence of unobservable transitions makes this task extremely challenging since the number of firing sequences that might be consistent can potentially be infinite. Under the assumption that the unobservable transitions in the net form an acyclic subnet and have strictly positive costs, we develop a recursive algorithm that is able to find the least-cost firing sequence(s) by reconstructing only a finite number of firing sequences. In particular, if the unobservable transitions in the net are contact-free, the proposed recursive algorithm finds the least-cost transition firing sequences with complexity that is polynomial in the length of the observed sequence of labels.  2010 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Labeled Petri nets,least-cost event estimation,reconstruction,transition firing sequence
Design of a maximally permissive liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisor for flexible manufacturing systems	2011	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	Deadlock prevention plays an important role in the modeling and control of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). This paper presents a novel and computationally efficient method to design optimal control places, and an iteration approach that only computes the reachability graph of a plant Petri net model once in order to obtain a maximally permissive liveness-enforcing supervisor for an FMS. By using a vector covering approach, a minimal covering set of legal markings and a minimal covered set of first-met bad markings (FBM) are computed. At each iteration, an FBM from the minimal covered set is selected. By solving an integer linear programming problem, a place invariant is designed to prevent the FBM from being reached and no marking in the minimal covering set of legal markings is forbidden. This process is carried out until no FBM can be reached. In order to make the considered problem computationally tractable, binary decision diagrams (BDD) are used to compute the sets of legal markings and FBM, and solve the vector covering problem to get a minimal covering set of legal markings and a minimal covered set of FBM. Finally, a number of FMS examples are presented to illustrate the proposed approaches.  2010 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	215	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	binary decision diagram (BDD),deadlock prevention,flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net
The application research of mobile robots and wireless sensor network in laser automatic guided vehicles	2011	Proceedings - 3rd International Conference on Measuring Technology and Mechatronics Automation, ICMTMA 2011	Wireless communication is applied frequently in laser automatic guided vehicle (AGV) communication system, but at present the system usually adopts the wireless static central control mode in which vehicles of AGV system are controlled and managed by a center control unit and cannot communicate with each other. An AGV wireless control system based on wireless sensor network and mobile robots control is proposed to improve the intelligence and efficiency of AGV system, with this communication system all the vehicles are connected by wireless sensor network to implement inter-vehicle communication and distributed control, this enhances the degree of autonomy and flexibility of vehicles, and improves the efficiency of AGV system.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles,Mobile robot,Wireless sensor network
Nonlinear model predictive control of trajectory tracking for nonholonomic AGV	2011	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	Considering the kinematic model of three-wheeled AGV with non-holonomic constraint and input saturation, a nonlinear model predictive control was studied and an united control algorithm of tracking and stability was proposed. Firstly, an optimal controller was obtained based on the principles of model predictive control. Secondly, a terminal controller and an invariantterminal region were designed in order to keep the AGV system stable. Then, the noise problem of state estimation was solved by using a state observer, which improves the localization precision and enhances the control effectiveness. Finally, a module was designed to avoid obstacle. The designed control algorithm has generality for kinematic model of other wheeled mobile robots. Computer simulation results show its correctness and validness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle(AGV),Model predictive control,Observer,Stability,Trajectory tracking
Parametric design of foamed sheet die	2011	Advanced Materials Research	The components of sheet metal FMS are abstracted corresponding eM-Plant object, the sheet metal FMS's automatic guided vehicle system and parts management system are built in eM-Plant. Adjusting the system parameters in the model, several simulations obtained an ideal simulation result. These research show that, using eM-Plant software to build model and simulate for sheet metal FMS can save time, improve simulation result of sheet metal FMS.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Extrusion die,Flow channel,Parametric design,Re-development
Local obstacle avoidance planning of logistics system AGV based vector field	2011	2011 International Conference on Management Science and Industrial Engineering, MSIE 2011	In the case of knowing the environmental information of static obstacles, in order to improve the path of AGV(automatic guided vehicle) in logistics system, the paper uses a method of path planning which based on modified potential field. The potential field is more convenient and efficient than the intelligent method, and it's one of many path planning methods. The calculated amount of improved algorithm is little, it's easier to meet real-time requirement and relatively simple in mathematical description, resulting in relatively smooth and safe path. Improved potential field improves the operation efficiency and safety of the system in actual system applications. The analysis of the typical examples verifies the validity of this method. 2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Local obstacle avoidance,Path planning,Vector field
An investigation of cooperative dispatching for minimising mean flowtime in a finite-buffer-capacity dynamic flowshop	2011	International Journal of Production Research	Scheduling in a dynamic flowshop that receives jobs at random and unforeseen points in time has traditionally been done by using dispatching rules. This study compares the performances of leading dispatching rules with a cooperative dispatching approach, for the objective of minimising mean flowtime in a flowshop, in which the buffers that hold in-process jobs between machines have finite capacities. Cooperative dispatching employs a consultative and consensus-seeking methodology for deciding which job to dispatch next on a machine. Computational experiments using randomly generated test problems for three different utilisation (congestion) levels are carried out for 5- and 10-machine flowshops, under a wide range of buffer capacities. The results highlight the sensitivity of some of the popular dispatching rules to buffer size. In contrast, cooperative dispatching emerges as a robust method that performs consistently well across the range of buffer sizes and machine utilisations tested. The reductions in mean flowtime obtained by cooperative dispatching, in comparison to the other dispatching rules, are particularly large in flowshops that operate with very tight buffer capacities and elevated levels of congestion  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Oman	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	dispatching rules,dynamic scheduling,finite buffer capacity,flowshop,mean flowtime
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and vehicles in an FMS environment with alternative routing	2011	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems is a well-known NP-hard problem which is very complex, due to additional considerations like material handling, alternative routing, and alternative machines. Improvement in the performance of a flexible manufacturing system can be expected by efficient utilization of its resources, by proper integration and synchronization of their scheduling. Differential evolution is a powerful tool which proved itself as a better alternative for solving optimization problems like scheduling. In this paper, the authors addressed simultaneous scheduling of both machines and material handling system with alternative machines for the makespan minimization objective. The authors proposed a machine selection heuristic and a vehicle assignment heuristic which are incorporated in the differential evolution approach to assign the tasks, to appropriate machine and vehicle, and to minimize cycle time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	30	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Alternative machines,Differential evolution,Flexible manufacturing system,Makespan,Simultaneous scheduling
A holonic simulation environment for smart transportation systems	2011	International Journal of Production Research	Nowadays, the development of automated traffic systems has been gaining increasing attention, and a substantial amount of effort has been invested in trying to find a solution to problems associated with road transport. Among these problems are road accidents caused by human-related factors, such as tiredness, loss of control, a slow reaction time and limited field of view. Another transport-related problem is that of loss of time which may be caused by a slow driving speed due to weather conditions, road conditions, visibility, traffic congestion, etc. The general problem of automated road transportation system can be instantiated into more specific transportation domains, such as the transportation system in a city, in an airport, in a park, in a manufacturing plant. In this article, we present a holonic simulation environment for the Global Automated Transportation System in which a distributed multi-agent model is used to manage dynamic environments. The case study scenario presented in this article is related to a manufacturing plant. In this scenario, there are different transportation vehicles, such as automated guided vehicles, trucks, lift trucks and cars. These vehicles have different features that make the transportation planning a complex problem. Moreover, dynamic events are triggered to simulate anomalous situations in which a repairing process must be executed in order to maintain the transportation system into a security execution. The simulated results prove that a distributed multi-agent model for autonomous road transportation systems is a secure approach to manage critical situations and autonomous execution of different levels in the problem.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	distributed models,holonic systems,route planning
Holonic shop-floor application for handling, feeding and transportation of workpieces	2011	International Journal of Production Research	In pursuit of flexible and agile automation within the domain of discrete manufacturing, a paint-shop with its surrounding logistics and handling processes is under construction as a laboratory prototype application. Holonic manufacturing is argued to be a promising strategic paradigm and architecture to use for a system characterised by flexible production logistics and control. This article describes the physical devices to be used; the desired functionality; and the basic logic control design. Additionally, the ideas for holonification, based on the already designed logic control, are presented. This article also outlines a holonic automated guided vehicle (AGV) system developed for the automated paint-shop. The AGV system is composed of autonomous AGV holons that cooperate, individually or in groups, with other holons, such as robot holons and vision-system holons.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	8	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV system,holonic manufacturing systems,part handling,robot systems,shop-floor control
Range adaptive strategy for ultrasonic distance measurement based on Kalman filter	2011	Beijing Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Transaction of Beijing Institute of Technology	This paper aims at reducing the cost of measurement period and solving the problem of contradiction between large range and small blind zone in ultrasonic distance measurement, when mobile robot detects the obstacle. A controllable ultrasonic distance measurement system with a multi-range adaptive strategy based on Kalman filter is designed. By using the estimated values from Kalman filtering, the system accomplishes the range adaptation and the measurement parameters of the system are automatically adjusted. The experimental results show that this method has reduced the blind zone and expanded the dynamic measurement range of the system, meanwhile achieved an accurate estimate of the dynamic parameters of the target. Furthermore, the proposed scheme has cut down the average cost of measurement period and enhanced real-time capability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Kalman filter,Range adaptation,Ultrasonic distance measurement
Vehicle scheduling in container terminal based on reinforcement learning	2011	Wuhan Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Wuhan University of Technology	Scheduling strategies of container vehicles which serve loading and unloading simultaneously were researched. Scheduling optimizing object was reducing the waiting time of quay cranes for vehicles and empty travel distance of vehicles. A reinforcement learning model based on Q-learning was designed, and its system states, action rules and reward function were defined. The Q-function was generalized and approximated using the cerebella-model-articulation-controller (CMAC) neuron network. Simulation results showed that Q-learning algorithm could optimize the vehicle scheduling strategies, which guaranteed the quay cranes' continuous working and reducing the empty travel distance of vehicles efficiently.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	CMAC,Container terminal,Container vehicle scheduling,Q-learning,Reinforcement learning
Embedded omni-vision navigator based on multi-object tracking	2011	Machine Vision and Applications	This paper presents an embedded omni-vision navigation system which involves landmark recognition, multi-object tracking, and vehicle localization. A new tracking algorithm, the feature matching embedded particle filter, is proposed. Landmark recognition is used to provide the front-end targets. A global localization method for omni-vision based on coordinate transformation is also proposed. The digital signal processor (DSP) provides a hardware platform for on-board tracker. Dynamic navigator employs DSP tracker to follow the landmarks in real time during the arbitrary movement of the vehicle and computes the position for localization based on time sequence images analysis. Experimental results demonstrated that the navigator can efficiently offer the vehicle guidance.  2010 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	Embedded,Multi-object tracker,Omni-vision,Particle filter
A holonic disturbance management architecture for flexible manufacturing systems	2011	International Journal of Production Research	Manufacturing systems are dynamic, non-linear and often chaotic environments, subjected to the occurrence of unexpected disturbances that provoke deviations from the initial plans and degrades the system's performance. Traditionally, disturbance management is performed in a centralised manner, using a fail-fix approach and considering only one type of disturbance, the machine failure. However, the new generation of intelligent manufacturing systems should be able to treat emergencies much quicker and in an effective way, to minimise its negative impact on the production performance. This paper addresses this challenge by introducing a holonic disturbance management architecture based on the ADACOR foundations. The disturbance handling functions are performed in a distributed manner, introducing a predictive dimension to the re-scheduling problem and considering the major types of shop floor disturbances. An experimental implementation was performed and the obtained results showed the applicability of the proposed approach.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	21	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	disturbance management,flexible manufacturing systems,holonic systems,multi-agent systems
Supervisor design to enforce production ratio and absence of deadlock in automated manufacturing systems	2011	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2010 IEEE.This paper proposes a new Petri net class, namely, Ratio-enforced weighted Augmented Marked Graphs (RAMGs), and solves ratio control and liveness-enforcing supervision problems for automated manufacturing systems. RAMGs can ensure the required product ratios as demanded by production planners. Since the deadlock of such a system can be attributed to improper acquisition of finite shared resources, a supervisor is introduced such that they are properly allocated. This paper proves that ratio and supervisory controllers for an RAMG can be separately designed. Their design methods are presented. Examples are given to illustrate them.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	49	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),Discrete-event systems,Marked graph,Petri nets,Supervisory control
Quantifying the impact of layout on productivity: An analysis from robotic-cell manufacturing	2011	Operations Research	Although the impact of layout on the productivity of manufacturing systems is well recognized, a quantification of this impact is an issue that is often ignored or crudely approximated in practice. When evaluating competing layouts for a manufacturing system, the trade-off between their relative benefits and their relative costs underlines the need for a reasonably accurate comparison of the productivity offered by these potential layouts. In this paper, we argue for this approach by comparing the productivity of two well-known layouts in robotic-cell manufacturing: circular and linear. We consider the problem of optimizing throughput in single-gripper, bufferless robotic cells that produce identical parts under the free-pickup criterion and the additive-travel-time metric. For cells with a circular layout, we show that the problem of finding an optimal 1-unit cycle is NP-hard. Our main algorithmic result is a polynomial-time 5/3-approximation algorithm for this problem. We then demonstrate that our algorithm provides near-optimal solutions by compiling its performance on an extensive test bed of practically-relevant instances. Finally, we use the algorithm to assess the increase in throughput for cells with a circular layout over those with a linear layout. We show that a circular layout offers a significant improvement in productivity and demonstrate the robustness of this improvement by examining the sensitivity with respect to changes in the design parameters of the robotic cell. Thus, our work provides operations managers with a tool to trade off the resulting increase in revenue with the additional cost of acquiring and maintaining a robot that can exploit a circular layout.  2011 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	14	Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Linear and circular layouts,Manufacturing systems,Productivity,Robotic cells,Throughput optimization
Autonomous vehicle control systems - A review of decision making	2011	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	A systematic review is provided on artificial agent methodologies applicable to control engineering of autonomous vehicles and robots. The paper focuses on some fundamentals that make a machine autonomous: decision making that involves modelling the environment and forming data abstractions for symbolic processing and logic-based reasoning. Most relevant capabilities such as navigation, autonomous path planning, path following control, and communications, that directly affect decision making, are treated as basic skills of agents. Although many autonomous vehicles have been engineered in the past without using the agent-oriented approach, most decision making onboard of vehicles is similar to or can be classified as some kind of agent architecture, even if in a naïve form. First the ANSI standard of intelligent systems is recalled then a summary of the fundamental types of possible agent architectures for autonomous vehicles are presented, starting from reactive, through layered, to advanced architectures in terms of beliefs, goals, and intentions. The review identifies some missing links between computer science results on discrete agents and engineering results of continuous world sensing, actuation, and path planning. In this context design tools for 'abstractions programming' are identified as needed to fill in the gap between logic-based reasoning and sensing. Finally, research is reviewed on autonomous vehicles in water, on the ground, in the air, and in space with comments on their methods of decision making. One of the main conclusions of this review is that standardization of decision making through agent architectures is desirable for the future of intelligent vehicle developments and their legal certification.	Journal	j	re	Review	United Kingdom	64	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	artificial intelligence,autonomous vehicles,control systems,intelligent agents
An embedded omnidirectional vision navigator for automatic guided vehicles	2011	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Omnidirectional vision appears the definite significance since its advantage of acquiring full 360° horizontal field of vision information simultaneously. In this paper, an embedded original omnidirectional vision navigator (EOVN) based on fish-eye lens and embedded technology has been researched. Fish-eye lens is one of the special ways to establish omnidirectional vision. However, it appears with an unavoidable inherent and enormous distortion. A unique integrated navigation method which is conducted on the basis of targets tracking has been proposed. It is composed of multi-target recognition and tracking, distortion rectification, spatial location and navigation control. It is called RTRLN. In order to adapt to the different indoor and outdoor navigation environments, we implant mean-shift and dynamic threshold adjustment into the Particle Filter algorithm to improve the efficiency and robustness of tracking capability. RTRLN has been implanted in an independent development embedded platform. EOVN likes a smart crammer based on COMS+FPGA+DSP. It can guide various vehicles in outdoor environments by tracking the diverse marks hanging in the air. The experiments prove that the EOVN is particularly suitable for the guidance applications which need high requirements on precision and repeatability. The research achievements have a good actual applied inspection.  2011 SPIE-IS&T.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic navigation,Embedded system,Fish-eye lens,Omnidirectional vision,Particle filter
Integrated motion control of path tracking and servo control for an automated guided vehicle	2011	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Journal of Mechanical Engineering	An integrated motion control model of path tracking and servo control is proposed for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) that suffers non-holonomic constraints and dynamic effects. Path tracking technique based on multi-step predictive optimal control and intelligent predictive iterative control is used to correct pose errors of AGV, which produces the limited speed difference output with the best coordination for error correction under velocity and acceleration constraints. Target velocities of two driving wheels are set according to this output and AGV moving speed. A multi-objective genetic algorithm takes servo control performances required by path tracking as its decision-making preferences, and it is used to optimize PID parameters of a servo controller that is responsible for eliminating velocity errors of driving wheels and making their actual velocities satisfy the requirements of path tracking. Velocity and acceleration constraints are adjusted as a feedback according to system response performances. AGV path tracking experiment demonstrates that this control model can match the capability of path tracking technique to correct pose errors with that of servo control technique to eliminate velocity errors, which can achieve the overall optimization of AGV motion performance. 2011 Journal of Mechanical Engineering.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	16	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Automated guided vehicle,Motion control,Path tracking,Servo control
An adaptive multi-parameter based dispatching strategy for single-loop interbay material handling systems	2011	Computers in Industry	The automation of interbay systems in 300 mm semiconductor wafer fabrication systems (SWFSs) is complex due to the dynamic, stochastic and mass transportation demands, transportation deadlocks, and vehicle blockages. An adaptive multi-parameter based (AMP) dispatching policy is proposed to obtain better performance of the interbay material handling systems and SWFSs. The system parameters, including vehicle's distance, lot's due date, lot's waiting time, and lot's origin-destination buffer status parameters are simultaneously considered, and the multi-parameter's weight coefficients are adjusted adaptively by Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy logic method. With experimental data from an interbay system of 300 mm SWFSs and running simulation experiments, it is demonstrated that the proposed approach has better performance in terms of cycle time, throughput, due-date satisfaction rate, and vehicle utilization compared to conventional single- and multi-attribute dispatching methodologies.  2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	29	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Adaptive,Interbay material handling system,Multi-parameter,Semiconductor wafer fabrication,Vehicle dispatching
A complete and an incomplete algorithm for automated guided vehicle scheduling in container terminals	2011	Computers and Mathematics with Applications	In this paper, a scheduling problem for automated guided vehicles in container terminals is defined and formulated as a Minimum Cost Flow model. This problem is then solved by a novel algorithm, NSA, which extended the standard Network Simplex Algorithm (NSA). Like NSA, NSA is a complete algorithm, which means that it guarantees optimality of the solution if it finds one within the time available. To complement NSA, an incomplete algorithm Greedy Vehicle Search (GVS) is designed and implemented. The NSA and GVS are compared and contrasted to evaluate their relative strength and weakness. With polynomial time complexity, NSA can be used to solve very large problems, as verified in our experiments. Should the problem be too large for NSA, or the time available for computation is too short (as it would be in dynamic scheduling), GVS complements NSA.  2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	31	Modeling and Simulation,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computational Mathematics	Container terminals,Network Simplex Algorithm,Optimization,Scheduling problems,Search methods
Applying contactless power transfer system to linear track	2011	ICIC Express Letters, Part B: Applications	This paper proposed a model of Contactless Power Transfer System (CPTS), which adopted a transformer with big air-gap and long primary wires. The system has the characters of long leakage inductance, small magnetizing inductance and low coupling coefficient. The proposed model can improve system efficiency by adopting resonance of compensation capacitance and leakage inductance in transferring energy to the load. The Maxwell/IsSpice simulation is applied to verify the feasibility. A contactless power transfer system for linear track is confirmed. The experimental evidence reported 0.21ω primary coil impedance and 7A primary current. The transferring efficiency of CPTS can reach up to 76%.  2011 ISSN 2185-2766.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Computer Science (all)	Contactless power transfer system (CPTS),Contactless transformer
An approach for agent modeling in manufacturing on JADE™ reactive architecture	2011	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Java Agent DEvelopment framework (JADE™) is a leading platform for the development of agent-based systems that are complaint with Foundation for Intelligent Physical Agents specifications. Due to the complexity, concurrency, and dynamic nature of manufacturing, it has been an important application of agent-based systems. Application of multi-agent concept in simulation leads to the agent-based simulation. Modeling the elements of manufacturing system (such as part, machine, and AGV) in reactive agent architecture is a better way of modeling for achieving discrete-event agent-based simulation. This paper focuses on modeling of different agents in manufacturing domain on JADE reactive architecture. Modeling of different agents on a shop floor in JADE reactive architecture led to the development of a simulator known as an agent-based shop floor simulator (ABSFSim). In the modeling process, different agents in the manufacturing domain have been identified by physical and functional decomposition. Internal architecture of individual agents is finalized based on their behavioral requirements. Modeling of the agents is an important development step of ABSFSim. A randomly generated sample manufacturing system has been used for testing and demonstration of ABSFSim. The modeling details provided in this paper are useful for development of agent-based systems in manufacturing domain as well as other discrete systems.  2010 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	22	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agent-based modeling,AGVS,FIPA,JADE,Reactive architecture
Hidden Markov model/Gaussian mixture models (HMM/GMM) based voice command system: A way to improve the control of remotely operated robot arm TR45	2011	Scientific Research and Essays	A speech control system for a didactic manipulator arm TR45 is designed as an agent in a telemanipulator system command. Robust Hidden Markov Model (HMM) and Gaussian Mixture models (GMM) are applied in spotted words recognition system with Cepstral coefficients with energy and differentials as features. The HMM and GMM are used independently in automatic speech recognition agent to detect spotted words and recognize them. A decision block will generate the appropriate command and send it to a parallel port of the Personal Computer (PC). To implement the approach on a real-time application, a PC parallel port interface was designed to control the movement of robot motors using a wireless communication component. The user can control the movements of robot arm using a normal speech containing spotted words. 2011 Academic Journals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Saudi Arabia	6	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Engineering (all),Physics and Astronomy (all)	Artificial intelligence,Automatic guided vehicle,Gaussian mixture models,Hidden Markov model,Human-machine interaction,Robot arm and robotics,Voice command
The modeling and simulation of sheet metal flexible manufacturing system based on eM-Plant	2011	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The components of sheet metal FMS are abstracted corresponding eM-Plant object, the sheet metal FMS's automatic guided vehicle system and parts management system are built in eM-Plant. Adjusting the system parameters in the model, several simulations obtained an ideal simulation result. These research show that, using eM-Plant software to build model and simulate for sheet metal FMS can save time, improve simulation result of sheet metal FMS.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	eM-Plant,FMS,Modeling and simulation,Sheet metal
Research on product development resource allocation modeling based on hierarchical colored Petri net	2011	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The resource restrict in product development processes greatly influences on the cost and progress of the whole project. In this paper, a task priority algorithm that can solve the problem of resource competition, taking the related theory of project management into consideration comprehensively, is proposed. A flexible model of product development process is described based on hierarchical colored Petri net. And then a resource coordination mechanism is modeled according to the characteristic of modern product development processes. Finally, a resource allocation process is analyzed and optimized in order to enhance the utilization efficiency of resource and to shorten the product development time.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Hierarchical colored Petri net,Product development process modeling,Resource allocation mechanism
Revised electromagnetism-like mechanism for flow path design of unidirectional AGV systems	2011	International Journal of Production Research	The flow path design problem is one of the most important issues of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system design and control. A revised electromagnetism-like mechanism is proposed to solve the flow path design problem of unidirectional AGV systems under a reconfigurable manufacturing system environment in this paper. First, the formal model considering both loaded and empty travels is given. Then the preprocessing procedure for the guidepath network is proposed to improve the feasibility of solution and to reduce the computational complexity. In the revised electromagnetism-like mechanism, particles are encoded discretely, and Hamming distance based reduced variable neighbourhood search is adopted in the local search procedure. To reduce computation, only the best particle is searched in the local search procedure. In the moving procedure, each element of a particle is moved according to the ordering probability strategy. To verify the efficiency of the proposed algorithm, several computational experiments are carried out. The computational results show that the proposed algorithm is efficient, which is able to obtain optimal solutions to small scale problems and near optimal ones to large scale problems within reasonable computation time.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicle systems,electromagnetism-like mechanism,flow path design,variable neighbourhood search
Design and implementation of intelligent track-searching vehicle based on photoelectric sensor	2011	Applied Mechanics and Materials	To meet the requirements of smoothness and flexibility, an intelligent track-searching vehicle is designed to run fast and smoothly on different tracks. It is equipped with a MC9S12DG128 SCM as core, a steering engine, a motor-control module and other modules. The continuous path recognition algorithm is applied to collect track information, and the optimized PID control algorithm is used to control the intelligent vehicle's steering engine and motor. The experimental results show that the detection accuracy of intelligent vehicle is significantly increased; its sensitivity and stability are also obviously improved, achieving the fundamental goal of high speed of intelligent track-searching vehicle.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Intelligent vehicle,MC9S12DG128 SCM,Path recognition,Photoelectric sensor,PID control
Design, production, and fuzzy control of an automated guided vehicle robot platform with capability of path following	2011	Proceedings - 2011 2nd International Conference on Control, Instrumentation and Automation, ICCIA 2011	Application of robots and their operation in various industries, as well as involvement of Computer Integrated Manufacturing (CIM) in production systems and processes have been widely used internationally in the last couple of decades. The most important advantage of operating robots and automated systems are acceleration in production speed, higher efficiency, and solving workforce problems involved in the production process, while maintaining standardized levels of safety in dangerous and unfavorable working environment. In the present article different stages of design, building, and operational tests of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AVG) is to be reviewed. Initially, various stages of developing the design of different parts of the robot, with respect to the operational requirements, standards and existing criteria's are considered and duly presented. Additionally, a fuzzy controller is designed, having taken into account the robot operational objectives. Upon finalizing the design development the project shall enter into manufacturing phase, by completion of which, the robot undergoes operational testing process. The test results indicate an acceptable good performance of the robot in path following capability, reduction in error levels, and operation in un-programmed conditions.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Dynamic modeling for optimal scheduling of automatic guided vehicle system	2011	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	This paper proposes a dynamic modeling of transportation systems in semiconductor manufacturing. Utilizing our modeling method, we consider an optimal scheduling problem of AGV (automatic guided vehicle) system transfer problem, which is to control the AGV congestion on the junctions of the transportation road in this paper. The problem is recast as an ILP (Integer Linear Programming) problem within model predictive control framework. This paper presents a numerical example.  2011 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automatic guided vehicle,congestion,model predictive control,scheduling
Efficiency estimation of lifo storage systems managed with automated guided vehicles (AGVs)	2011	21st International Conference on Production Research: Innovation in Product and Production, ICPR 2011 - Conference Proceedings	The paper deals with the design of storage systems. The focus is on storage racks that are accessed in a Last-In-Fist-Out manner (e.g. 'drive-in' racks). Such a type of rack storage is more space-efficient than, e.g., single deep selective racks (less aisle space is required per pallet location); on the other hand, pallets are not independently accessible and replenishing/emptying cycles are required. This leads to a reduction of a performance measure called here storage efficiency. The aim of the study is to present a methodology for computing the storage efficiency with respect to different production/delivery patterns of the allocated items. Then, the overall system performance can be assessed by investigating the trade-off between storage efficiency and space utilization. Moreover, the benefit of integrating LIFO storage with automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is discussed. The methodology is finally applied to a case study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Item classification,LIFO policy,Storage area design,Storage efficiency
Autonomic indoor fire extinguishing system	2011	Key Engineering Materials	The most commonly used indoor fire extinguishing systems are automatic sprinkling fire extinguishing systems. However, such systems have disadvantages of difficult to maintenance and low in reliability. The design of a composite indoor fire distinguishing system has been proposed, which consists of a fixed fire early warning subsystem and a moveable fire detecting and extinguishing subsystem. The moveable fire detecting and extinguishing subsystem is established on an automated guided vehicle. The system is fully autonomic, robust, and easy to maintenance. In addition, it can promptly and precisely detect fire in its early stage, and extinguish it in time. Experiments have demonstrated that the system is applicable.  (2011) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Autonomy,Detection,Extinguishment,Fire,Guidance,Indoor
Coordination of industrial AGVs	2011	International Journal of Vehicle Autonomous Systems	In this paper, we propose an algorithm for coordinating a group of mobile robots that go through predefined paths in a dynamic industrial environment. Coordination diagrams are used for representing the possible collisions among the vehicles. We exploit this information for developing a centralised and incremental planning algorithm that allows to coordinate the vehicles and to take into account unexpected events that can occur in an industrial environment. Simulation tests have been executed in order to compare the performance of our algorithm with the one currently implemented by the company.  2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	30	Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous vehicles,CD,Coordination diagram,Industrial vehicles,Motion coordination,Multi robots,Robot coordination,Scheduling
Design and control of automated guided vehicle systems: A case study	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In this paper, we study the design and control of automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems, with the focus on the quayside container transport in an automated container terminal. We first set up an event-driven model for an AGV system in the zone control framework. Then a number of layouts of the road network (guide-path) are carefully designed for the workspace of the AGVs in a container terminal. Based on our zone control model, a traffic control strategy is proposed, which decouples the motion conflict resolution among the AGVs from the routing problem. A routing algorithm is also constructed with the goal of minimizing the vehicle travel distances and the transportation time. The efficiency of the integrated design and control is demonstrated by computer simulations in terms of a set of defined measures of system performance. Lastly, we point out several possibilities towards improving our current results.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	5	Control and Systems Engineering	None
A study on floor micro-vibration in high technology factories	2011	ISEC 2011 - 6th International Structural Engineering and Construction Conference: Modern Methods and Advances in Structural Engineering and Construction	Copyright  2011 by Research Publishing Services.This study explores vertical floor micro-vibration induced by the automated guided vehicles (AGVs). AGVs move on multiple long-span production floors in TFT-LCD fabs, where many vibration-sensitive tools are installed. A simplified method is proposed here to assess AGVinduced floor vibration, which has rarely been taken into account in the design stage. The statespace procedure (SSP) is adopted to compute theAGV-induced floor vibration as it preserves the desired numerical stability and accuracy in high frequency responses. The dynamic analysis of a AGV moving on an equivalent three-span beam model of a TFT-LCD building is simulated by taking into account various AGV speeds and engine forces. Numerical simulations demonstrate that if proper engine forces and excitation frequency contents of theAGVmoving loads are used, the peak AGV-induced floor micro-vibration level can be predicted by the proposed method. Moreover, the effectiveness of vibration control by span-reduction as well as energy-dissipation by viscoelastic (VE) dampers is also examined. In comparison with span-reduction, application of energy dissipation devices is more effective in vibration suppression as they enhance the dampingcharacteristicsofthemulti-spanfloorsystemwhosenaturalfrequenciesarepotentiallyin resonancewiththe excitationfrequenciesof theAGVmovingloads rangingina broadbandwidth.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Building and Construction,Civil and Structural Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Damper,Micro-vibration,Moving loads,State space procedure,Vibration control
A network model for material handling with split loads using AGVS in machine modules	2011	International Journal of Computer Aided Engineering and Technology	The automatic guided vehicle system (AGVs) is an important element for material handling facility in the computer integrated manufacturing. The essential capability of an AGV is the ability to transfer loads to remote locations or through complex paths under computer control. They are used to move jobs between work stations on a factory floor. Research in this area is directed towards the development of a path layout design and routing algorithms for vehicle movement and control. The problem is to design a path layout and a routing algorithm minimising the distance travelled by AGVs considering sufficient but necessary conditions. Split loads concept is implemented for material handling for effective utilisation of AGVs. The capacity utilisation is analysed in terms of the distance travelled and the time required for AGVs to complete all pickup and drop-off jobs. Numerical results are presented to compare performance of the proposed model.  2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Software,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	automated guided vehicle,dispatching,material handling,network model,split loads
High accuracy mobile robot positioning using external large volume metrology instruments	2011	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	A method of accurately controlling the position of a mobile robot using an external large volume metrology (LVM) instrument is presented in this article. By utilising an LVM instrument such as a laser tracker or indoor GPS (iGPS) in mobile robot navigation, many of the most difficult problems in mobile robot navigation can be simplified or avoided. Using the real-time position information from the laser tracker, a very simple navigation algorithm, and a low cost robot, 5mm repeatability was achieved over a volume of 30m radius. A surface digitisation scan of a wind turbine blade section was also demonstrated, illustrating possible applications of the method for manufacturing processes. Further, iGPS guidance of a small KUKA omni-directional robot has been demonstrated, and a full scale prototype system is being developed in cooperation with KUKA Robotics, UK.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	13	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicle,iGPS,laser tracker,metrology
Locating workstations in tandem automated guided vehicle systems	2011	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper presents a new solution framework to locate the workstations in the tandem automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems. So far, the research has focused on minimizing the total flow or minimizing the total AGV transitions in each zone. In this paper, we focus on minimizing total cumulative flow among workstations. This objective allocates workstations to an AGV route such that total waiting time of workstations to be supplied by the AGV is minimized. We develop a property which simplifies the available mathematical formulation of the problem. We also develop a heuristic algorithm for the problem. Computational results show that our heuristic could yield very high-quality solutions and in many cases optimal solutions.  2010 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Heuristic and meta-heuristic algorithms,Routing AGV,Total cumulative flow,Workstation location
2-D polynomial approach to control of leader following vehicular platoons	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper formulates the problems of stabilization and asymptotic following in infinite platoons of vehicles within the 2-D polynomial framework, that is, the dynamics of the problem are described using a fraction of two bivariate polynomials. In contrast to some previous works, the platoon here assumes a leader (and an infinite number of followers), therefore the often used bilateral z-transform should not be used here since it assumes a doubly infinite vehicular strings. The unilateral z-transform seems better suited. However, it brings about the need to take the boundary conditions into consideration; among other, the leader vehicle comes into the scene. The necessary formalism is introduced in the paper and used to provide elegant alternative proofs of some well-known facts about the platooning problem.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	12	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Matrix polynomial equations,Multidimensional systems,Multivariable polynomials,Polynomial methods
A heuristic approach for optimizing a multiple- load automated guided vehicle system in an integrated flexible manufacturing system	2011	Economic Computation and Economic Cybernetics Studies and Research	In this paper, we develop a heuristic for optimizing the system throughput of a multiple-load automated guided vehicle (AGV) system. This approach combines three mathematical methods such as linear regression, discrete even simulation and linear integer programming to maximize the system throughput. The proposed approach tries to find the best input parameters of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) environment such as the AVG control strategies, fleet size, processing times and buffer capacities. This is the first time that such parameters have been linked to the system throughput in optimization process. Finally, for verifying the effect of the input parameters, we used a sensitivity analysis. As the results show, the proposed approach is efficient enough to be used in real life FMS environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Economics and Econometrics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	AGV,Integrated FMS,Linear regression,Material handling systems,Mathematical programming,Simulation
Global localization and position tracking of an Automated Guided Vehicle	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	A swarm of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) can be used in warehouses, distribution centers and manufacturing plants in order to automate the internal material flow. This swarm can overcome the disadvantages of roll conveyors and belts. The main problems of AGVs are global localization, position tracking, path planning and communication (especially within the swarm). Another technique which provides potential for logistic applications are Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs). They can be used in warehouses to realize a decentralized stock database, monitoring a cold chain as well as for localization of an AGV and communication within the swarm. The paper presents a technique for global localization and position tracking of an omnidirectional AGV equipped with Mecanum wheels, which was designed to transport Euro-bins in a distribution center or warehouse. Global localization is realized through a technique based on range measurements obtained from an IEEE 802.15.4a WSN. The WSN is also used for communication within the swarm as well as for communication with the central warehouse computer. A developed sensor fusion of two safety laser range finders with the range measurements of a WSN solve the position tracking task. Laser range finders are used to detect pairs of landmarks to provide accurate positioning for docking maneuvers. The paper also presents a sensor model for IEEE 802.15.4a range measurements and experimental results. The latter show that the global localization technique guarantees accurate positioning and that the sensor fusion can be used for docking applications.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Flexible manufacturing systems,Positioning systems,Sensor fusion,Warehouse automation
Intelligent automated guided vehicle controller with reverse strategy	2011	Journal of Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	This paper describes the intelligent Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) control system using Fuzzy Rule Interpolation (FRI) method. The AGV used in this paper is a virtual vehicle simulated using computer. The purpose of the control system is to control the simulated AGV by moving along the given path towards a goal. Some obstacles can be placed on or near the path to increase the difficulties of the control system. The intelligent AGV should follow the path by avoiding these obstacles. This system consists of two fuzzy controllers. One is the original FRI controller that mainly controls the forward movement of the AGV. Another one is the proposed reverse movement controller that deals with the critical situation. When the original FRI controller faces the critical situation, our proposed reverse controller will control the AGV to reverse and move forward towards the goal. Our proposed reverse controller utilizes the advantage of FRI method. In our system, we also develop a novel switching system to switch from original to the developed reverse controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	11	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Fuzzy rule interpolation (FRI),Obstacle avoidance
Mission design for a group of autonomous guided vehicles	2011	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	In this paper, a generic approach for the integration of vehicle routing and scheduling and motion planning for a group of autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) is proposed. The AGVs are requested to serve all the work stations in a two-dimensional environment while taking into account kinematics constraints and the environment's geometry during their motion. The problem objective is the simultaneous determination of time-optimum and collision-free paths for all AGVs. The proposed method is investigated and discussed through a number of simulated experiments using a variety of environments and different initial conditions.  2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	37	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Autonomous guided vehicles,Kinematics constraints,Obstacle avoidance,Path planning,Task scheduling
RFID-based indoor positioning system	2011	International Journal of Radio Frequency Identification Technology and Applications	In logistics supply chains, automated guided vehicles are not used owing to the lack of suitable localised positioning systems to guide them. A wide variety of technologies have been researched including vision, sensor networks and radio frequency signals, but there are still issues in cost, accuracy, line of sight and installation of these technologies in situ. This paper describes a low-cost two-dimensional RFID-based positioning system. The position of the RFID reader in two-dimensional space is computed using a weighed function with a localisation exponential function. To find the best value for the localisation exponent, a series of experiments were conducted and the mean error of the expected position was computed on different exponential functions. The research found that the best value for the exponent is 1, and that the accuracy of the system is approximately 76 mm on a 300 mm-spaced RFID array. Copyright  2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Exponential function,Indoor positioning system,Passive RFID array,RFID positioning
Probabilistic feasibility assessment of real-time wireless networks for factory automation with mobile nodes	2011	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper proposes a framework for probabilistic schedulability assessment of a real-time wireless factory automation network consisting of multiple automation cells, in the presence of mobile nodes that roam from one cell to another one to accomplish application tasks along a set of predefined paths. The paper contribution is an offline analysis which, on the basis of information about the parameters of the real-time flows, the network topology and the movement patterns of mobile nodes, allows the designer to obtain the probability that the network, at runtime and in the absence of faults, will be schedulable. A case study shows how to apply the proposed analysis to offline dimensioning of the wireless network.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Research on intelligent tracking control technology for a photoconductive AGV	2011	Key Engineering Materials	In order to improve the stability and reliability of the logistics handling robots, some optical fiber sensors were used to achieve the automatic navigation and tracking of AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle) in this paper, and its key technology were also investigated. On the basis of adopting colored ribbon as tracking path, the layout of optical fiber sensors array is designed, and then a control algorithm based on MCU was presented for AGV. Finally, the practicality and effectiveness of intelligent tracing control technology were discussed, respectively.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Fuzzy control,Optical fiber sensors array,Path recognition
Facilitating trade and adoption of the "intrade" IAV in Dublin port in 2040	2011	13th Int. Conference on Harbor, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modeling and Simulation, HMS 2011, Held at the International Mediterranean and Latin American Modeling Multiconference, I3M 2011	Dublin Port is the largest and busiest port on the island of Ireland. The port?s main function is to facilitate the movement of goods and people which is crucial to the Irish economy, in an efficient and cost effective manner [Dublin Port Company, Materplan, (p.3)]. Dublin Port Company launched a new Master-plan for its long-term development in March 2011. There is a need to optimise the use of Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS) within international ports such as Dublin. Currently in Dublin Port, the movement of cargo is operated by shunter vehicles differing from Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) as in other international ports. The IAV will use a GPS guidance system to move unmanned around port terminals, delivering containers to and from marshalling areas. Although Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles (IAV's) are not a new concept, the different is, it does not require a guidance system such as rails or transponders. Copyright  (2011) by CAL-TEK S.r.l.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ireland	0	Modeling and Simulation	Intelligent autonomous vehicle (IAV),Intermodal transport,Space optimisation,Traffic management
A multi-item multi-rack approach for designing lifo storage systems: A case study from the food industry	2011	10th International Conference on Modeling and Applied Simulation, MAS 2011, Held at the International Mediterranean and Latin American Modeling Multiconference, I3M 2011	In a variety of industrial sectors rack storage is adopted for holding stock-keeping units (SKUs) between production (or purchasing from external supplier) and delivery. It is well known that, among the different types of rack storage, racks accessed in a Last-In-Fist- Out manner are the most economically convenient solutions. Nevertheless, especially when product shelflife is critical as occurs in the food industry, the design of LIFO storage systems is not trivial. Thus, this paper presents an approach able to take into consideration two different measures for assessing the performance of a storage system, with the aim of assigning each item type in inventory to the optimal type of lane racks. Lastly, a significant case study from the food industry is discussed. Copyright  (2011) by CAL-TEK S.r.l.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Modeling and Simulation	Efficiency,Food industry,Lifo storage,Optimal design
Decentralized coordination system for multiple AGVs in a structured environment	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In this paper, we propose a decentralized coordination algorithm for safe and efficient management of a group of mobile robots following predefined paths in a dynamic industrial environment. The proposed algorithm is based on shared resources and proved to guarantee ordered traffic flows avoiding collisions and deadlocks. In consistency with the model of distributed robotic systems (DRS), no centralized mechanism, synchronized clock, shared memory or ground support is needed. A local inter-robot communication is required among a small number of spatially adjacent robotic units.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	17	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous vehicles,Collision avoidance,Distributed control
Obstacle recognition on handling route using investigation robots	2011	21st International Conference on Production Research: Innovation in Product and Production, ICPR 2011 - Conference Proceedings	The obstacle that exists in the transportation route of automatic guided vehicles (AGV) causes the delay of the production plan. There are the following examples of causes of the delay. The first cause is that the AGV cannot move by colliding with the obstacle that has not been detected. The second cause is to take long time that the AGV runs in another route to avoid the detected obstacle. The last cause is that the obstacle is the cargo which should be transported to the destination and the production activity will stop due to the cargo shortage. Therefore, this study aims to propose the method of transportation minimizing the delay of the production plan when an obstacle exists. Although there are some problems that should be solved, this paper suggests the method of the recognition of the obstacle with one camera and two investigation robots by using the image processing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVs,Image processing,Material handling,Obstacle recognition,Production scheduling
Error dynamics-based Lyapunov guidance law for stationary target observation	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Lyapunov guidance law based on error dynamics is proposed to perform observation missions. A new guidance law is designed in the consideration of the characteristics of distance error dynamics. Lyapunov stability theorem is used to analyze the guidance law. The turning direction is related to the difference between the Line-of-sight rate and the heading angle of each UAV. Linear-quadratic regulator is used to design a controller for a linear six degree-of-freedom UAV system. Numerical simulations are performed to validate the performance of the proposed guidance law, and are compared with that of pure error dynamics-based guidance law.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	6	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Error dynamics,Guidance systems,Lyapunov stability,Target tracking
Design and implementation of decentralised supervisory control for manufacturing system automation	2011	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	Supervisory control theory, which was first proposed by Ramadge and Wonahm, is a well-suited control theory for the control of complex systems such as semiconductor manufacturing systems, automobile manufacturing systems, and chemical processes because these are better modelled by discrete event models than by differential or difference equation models at higher levels of abstraction. Moreover, decentralised supervisory control is an efficient method for large complex systems according to the divide-and-conquer principle. This article presents a solution and a design procedure of supervisory control problem for the case of decentralised control. We apply the proposed design procedure to an experimental miniature computer-integrated manufacturing (CIM) system. This article presents the design of fourteen modular supervisors and one high-level supervisor to control the experimental miniature CIM system. These supervisors are controllable, non-blocking, and non-conflicting. After the verification of the supervisors by simulation, the collision avoidance supervisors for automated guided vehicle system have been implemented to demonstrate their efficacy.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	6	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	decentralised control,discrete event systems,manufacturing automation,supervisory control theory
AGV control - The key to successful transport systems with automated guided vehicles in the production environment	2011	9th International Industrial Simulation Conference 2011, ISC 2011	In the production environment of Vector Aandrijftechniek BV, a new AGV system is required to increase flexibility and efficiency of internal transport of parts and products. In this paper we consider which way of control is required in such an environment: centralized or decentralized. Four control architectures are designed according a modular concept and one of these architectures is chosen to be simulated in order to show the feasibility of the concept, which has different functions that each can be located centralized or decentralized. The functions considered are planning, dispatching, traffic control, order execution and routing and route execution and positioning. In a simulation model the routing strategy has been applied both centralized and decentralized to show the differences between both ways of implementation. The results show that there are only very small differences between both strategies and about 3 AGVs can handle the required production of 70000 drives a year (including peak production). The conclusion is that the modular oriented centralized concept works properly. It is recommended to control the AGV as simple as possible. In case of the routing strategy the choice will depend on future requirements and financial inducements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Centralized and decentralized control,Production environment
Crane scheduling of steel-making and continuous casting process using the Mixed-timed Petri net modelling via CPLEX optimization	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The key issues for iron and steel production in terms of improved productivity are to realize a good crane scheduling for a well-organized rhythm of the whole production and to improve the transportation efficiency of cranes in a computational manner to assist the main equipment scheduling. In this paper a Mixed-timed Petri net modeling is introduced to minimize the makespan of the whole steelmaking and continuous casting process. The crane scheduling problem is formulated as the optimization of firing transition sequences based on the Mixed-timed Petri net (i.e., the Petri net that includes time-transitions and zero-time transitions). Then the formulation is converted to a linear model that can be solved using the branch-and-cut method in the standard commercial solver CPLEX. Special methods for the linear conversion are developed. Due to the limited calculation time required for the scheduling and the scale of the problem, special methods for the efficiency tuning are applied according to the characteristics of the problem. Numerical testing supported by Shanghai Bashan steel plant has demonstrated a significant improvement over the traditional manual scheduling results, showing an improved effectiveness in terms of assisting the on-site schedulers to obtain a better strategy for steelmaking and continues casting.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Hierarchical route control in DCV-based baggage handling systems	2011	International Journal of Services Operations and Informatics	Modern baggage handling systems transport baggage at high speeds, on track networks, using Destination Coded Vehicles (DCV). To ensure optimal DCVs routing, we propose a hierarchical control framework that consists of local switch controllers providing switch position instructions and a supervisory network controller. The routing control problem for the network controller is a nonlinear optimisation problem with high computational requirements. Therefore, we present an alternative approach for reducing the computational complexity by approximating the nonlinear optimisation and rewriting it as a Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) problem. The advantage is that for MILP problems solvers are available that can efficiently compute the global optimal solution. The MILP solution is then used for computing optimal switch control actions. For a benchmark case study we compare the hierarchical route control with previously developed switch control approaches. Results indicate that the proposed hierarchical control offers a balanced trade-off between optimality and computational effort.  2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	0	Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Baggage handling systems,DCV route control,Hierarchical control
Performance optimization of an imbalanced flexible manufacturing system using taguchi approach	2011	Global Journal of Flexible Systems Management	Considering the diverse range of manufacturing capabilities of modern manufacturing systems, uniform distribution of load on the workstations (WSs) is difficult to achieve as some of the WSs are required to process more parts than others or sometimes processing time of a WS can differ from one part to the other. These situations lead to unbalancing of the manufacturing system. The objective of this paper is to study and optimize the performance of an imbalanced Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) under different operating environments. The FMS under consideration manufactures three types of parts having different processing characteristics. The experimental variables for the study are buffer capacities at the WSs, reduction in processing time of bottleneck WS, WSs processing time distribution, and parts release control. Throughput, average work-in-process (AWIP) and Average Throughput Time (ATT) are taken as performance measures. Taguchi approach is used to analyze the effects of above variables and establish the combinations of best factor levels to get the optimal performance. All variables are found to affect the performance to some extent. Reduction in processing time of the bottleneck WS and processing time distribution affected the performance of the system severely. The best factor level combinations differ for parts having different processing characteristics. This paper may help industry in analyzing the performance of an imbalanced FMS.  2011, Global Institute of Flexible Systems Management.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management	Bottleneck,Buffer capacity,Imbalanced flexible manufacturing system,Parts release control,Taguchi,Workstation
Simulation-based deadlock avoidance and optimization in bidirectional AGVS	2011	SIMUTools 2011 - 4th International ICST Conference on Simulation Tools and Techniques	Copyright  2011 ICST.Autonomous guided vehicle systems (AGVSs) are popular in production systems, container ports, and intra-logistics. An efficient deadlock avoidance algorithm preventing long vehicle blockings and solutions to idle vehicles blocking others are required for bidirectional AGVSs. A symbiotic simulation resources scheduling decision support method is developed, including identification of route segments where deadlocks can potentially occur and an accordingly integrated banker's algorithm. Based on multiple online what-if simulations, the best deadlock safe resources schedule is determined for each short period just before the vehicles move. This proactive what-if analysis of resources utilization, alternative routes and dynamic parking strategies allows the minimization of the vehicles' total blocking time. Combining symbiotic simulation and a real time control of autonomous guided vehicles increases the AGVS's efficiency - in terms of deadlock safety and minimizing the total vehicle blocking time. This method enables AGVS performance evaluation under arbitrary dispatching, routing, scheduling and guidepath design strategies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Modeling and Simulation	Autonomous guided vehicle,Banker's algorithm,Deadlock avoidance,DES,Idle vehicle dynamic positioning,Symbiotic simulation
Facilitating trade and adoption of the "intrade" IAV in Dublin port in 2040	2011	International Conference on Harbour, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modelling and Simulation	Dublin Port is the largest and busiest port on the island of Ireland. The port's main function is to facilitate the movement of goods and people which is crucial to the Irish economy, in an efficient and cost effective manner [Dublin Port Company, Materplan, (p.3)]. Dublin Port Company launched a new Master-plan for its long-term development in March 2011. There is a need to optimise the use of Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS) within international ports such as Dublin. Currently in Dublin Port, the movement of cargo is operated by shunter vehicles differing from Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) as in other international ports.The IAV will use a GPS guidance system to move unmanned around port terminals, delivering containers to and from marshalling areas. Although Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles (IAV's) are not a new concept, the different is, it does not require a guidance system such as rails or transponders.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Ireland	0	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research,Transportation	Intelligent autonomous vehicle (IAV),Intermodal transport,Space optimisation,Traffic management
Proposal of a new real-time cooperative challenge in mobile robotics	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In this paper it is presented a new robot competition that is going to be included in Robotica 2011, the main Robotics Portuguese Competition. The robot competition takes place in an emulated factory plant, where Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) must cooperate to perform tasks. To accomplish their goals the AGVs must deal with localization, navigation, scheduling and cooperation problems, that must be solved autonomously. One option of prototyping the AGVs is the use of the Lego Mindstorms NXT technology. The presented example can play an important role in education due to the inherent multi-disciplinary concepts that are involved, motivating students to technological areas. It also plays an important role in research and development, because it is expected that the outcomes that will emerge here, will later be transfered to other application areas, such as service robots and manufacturing.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Education,Manufacturing,Robotics
Determining in-transit meeting location in discrete-event simulation	2011	61st Annual IIE Conference and Expo Proceedings	One need in modeling the operation of logistics systems is to have vehicles that are operating independently rendezvous and fulfill a request for service from one of the vehicles. For example, in a military application a supply vehicle, such as a supply ship, needs to rendezvous with a battle group to perform underway replenishment - supply a battle group as it moves between homeport and theaters or between theaters. The challenge is determining where on the modeling surface the vehicles will meet based on the speed of both vehicles, their distance from each other when the request for supply is made, the direction they are heading, and the possible travel paths. This paper describes an approach for handling dynamic rendezvousing within a discrete-event simulation model. The research is based on a model developed for the U. S. Navy to assess logistics support for its combat forces.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Discrete event simulation,Industrial engineering,Logistics
Forklift free factory: A case study of different transportation systems in the automotive industry	2011	9th International Industrial Simulation Conference 2011, ISC 2011	This paper describes the results of a large project executed in the automotive industry. The goal of the project was to simulate different transportation systems (EMS, AGV and tugger) in order to compare their performances. In our simulation, we focused on investigating the following parameters: amount of loading stations, equipment and operators needed, storage place at the line, ⋯.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	2	Modeling and Simulation	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Electrified monorail system (EMS),Kitting,Plant Simulation,Simulation,Tugger
Experimental vehicle that avoids collisions through steer by wire and differential drive systems	2011	ASME 2011 International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition, IMECE 2011	The implementation of Drive-by-Wire systems is increasing due to their advantages. One of these advantages is the capability to be autonomous or semiautonomous. This paper investigates the collisions avoidance in a Steer-by-Wire and Differential Drive experimental vehicle. The Steer-by-Wire system is tested using the Ackerman formulation. Ackerman equations are modified in order to vary the vehicle's steering ratio in function of the vehicle's speed. As a result, better high speed vehicle's control is achieved. The collision avoidance system works using infrared sensors around the vehicle, avoiding frontal and lateral collision. The distance to the obstacles is the parameter selected to avoid collisions (leaving the time for other actions like warnings to the driver). The fusion of the Autonomous Steer-by-Wire and the collisions avoidance system develops a semi-autonomous vehicle. This vehicle avoids collisions automatically, even if the driver does not avoid the collisions by himself, greatly reducing the probability of accidents. Copyright  2011 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	0	Mechanical Engineering	Collision avoidance system,Drive-by-Wire,Steer-by-Wire
RFID based navigation system for indoor mobile robots	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	A new navigation method is described for indoor mobile robots. The robot system is composed of a Radio Frequency IDentification (RFID) tag sensor, a laser range scanner, and a commercial three-wheel mobile platform. The RFID tags are used as landmarks for global path planning and the topological relation map which shows the connection of scattered tags through the environment is used as course instructions to a goal. The robot automatically moves along hallways using the scanned range data until a tag is found and then refers to the topological map for the next movement. Our proposed technique would be useful for real-world robotic applications such as intelligent navigation for motorized wheelchairs.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous mobile robots,Navigation systems,Path planning
Modeling of radio-control car for visual feedback control by closed-loop identification	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper consider usefulness of modeling of radio-control car (RC-car) for visual feedback system by closed-loop identification. For a plant which is the RC-car with camera, steering signal is an input and feature point on image is an output. This research goal is to design a model for visual feedback controller. The RC-car runs not only on straight but curve. For this reason, we need to measure output data on curve driving with random input in order to design the curve model using input and output data sets. Modeling based on system identification has to use the random input, the driving of RC-car with random input is however difficult. It is necessary to get input-output data with controller. Therefore, we have to use a closed-loop identification for taking data of identification. In this paper, we make a model of RC-car by open-loop and closed-loop identifications and we investigate reasonability.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Closed-loop identifications,Curve mode,PO-MOESP,Radio control car,Visual feedback
Intelligent token Petri nets for modelling and control of reconfigurable automated manufacturing systems with dynamical changes	2011	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	Considering dynamical changes in manufacturing systems, such as rework and system reconfiguration, this paper presents a new Petri net (PN) model called an intelligent token PN (ITPN). In this model, tokens representing job instances carry real-time knowledge about system status and changes just like smart cards in practice. By taking this advantage, dynamical changes of a system can be easily modelled. An ITPN can model a system in a modular way, leading to a very compact model. When changes occur, it needs to modify only the changed part from the current model. Thus, an ITPN is highly reusable. Based on the ITPN model, a deadlock-free control (DFC) policy is presented. With this control policy, an ITPN is deadlock-free and reversible. In particular, when an ITPN is changed according to the changes of the system, the policy is still applicable to the modified model. Thus, one need not modify the control policy when an ITPN model is modified.  2011, The Institute of Measurement and Control. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	35	Instrumentation	automated manufacturing system (AMS),modelling and control,Petri nets (PNs)
Study on ladle schedule of steel making process using heuristic scheduling algorithm	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The optimizing matching of ladle is crucial for energy conservation and consumption reduction in the process of iron and steel production. In the steel making process if there are several overhead traveling cranes, it is very difficult to obtain in practice an optimal or near optimal solution under consideration of restrictions concerning crane interference caused between them as well as many restrictions for each device in the production plant. The priorities of the ladle optimization matching are established based on the rules from the experience of the experts, and then proposed a forward heuristic algorithm to solve the crane scheduling problem. Using steel plant's actual data for a digital simulation, Results show that this software can efficiently improve the accuracy of ladle scheduling, reduce the frequency of online adjustment, and conserve more energy.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Integrated manufacturing technology laboratory	2011	21st International Conference on Production Research: Innovation in Product and Production, ICPR 2011 - Conference Proceedings	The integrated manufacturing technology (IMT) laboratory is a future factory facility currently being built in the department of Industrial Engineering and Management (IEM) at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. The main goal of the IMT laboratory is to facilitate teaching and research on the integration of future factory concepts, cutting edge technologies of shop floor automation, and organizational information systems. This will be achieved through the integration of main IEM disciplines, such as intelligent automation, production planning, information systems, and human factors. The laboratory will be constructed to produce physical products, and the main production process will be an assembly process. Digital factory methods will be employed in shop floor control. Human factor methodologies will be employed for designing station controller interfaces and the monitoring screens of the laboratory control center. Green manufacturing concepts and product sustainability considerations will also be demonstrated. The objective of this paper is to describe the key challenges and the main implications for education and research of designing and building such a state-of-the-art integrated manufacturing laboratory.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Israel	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Computer integrated manufacturing,Digital factory,Education,Laboratory
A disjunctive graph and shifting bottleneck heuristics for multi hoists scheduling problem	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In this paper, we studied a multi hoists scheduling problem with transportation constraints. For each job, there are several operations which can be operated on a set of machines (tanks), and their operation times are bounded. The transportation tasks are performed by several available transport resources. The objective is to determine an assignment of processing and transport resources and valid schedules on them without storage for both processing and transport operations while minimizing makespan. The assignments and schedules can be efficiently modeled by a disjunctive graph: negative arcs present the maximum processing and transportation times, and the length of the longest path without positive cycle represents the makespan of a feasible solution without storage. A modified genetic algorithm is used to do the assignment of tasks on resources. A modified Shift ing Bottleneck procedure is applied to find a schedule for both machines' and transports' operations for a specific individual. Computational results for benchmark instances with several transport resources are presented.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	5	Control and Systems Engineering	Disjunctive graph,General job-shop,Genetic algorithm,Hoist scheduling problem,Shifting bottleneck
Robust authentication scheme between user and remote autonomous object in telecommunications system	2011	IEICE Transactions on Information and Systems	Autonomous objects represent active database objects which can be distributed over the Internet. This paper proposes a robust authentication scheme for the remote autonomous object based on AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) symmetric cryptosystem. Compared with related schemes, the proposed scheme not only resists various security attacks but also provides computation and communication efficiency.  2011 The Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	AES,Authentication,Autonomous system,Cryptography,Network security
On the GPS/DR integrated navigation system for AGV	2011	Shenyang Jianzhu Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Shenyang Jianzhu University (Natural Science)	A GPS/DR integrated navigation system is investigated to meet the outdoor automatic guided vehicle(AGV)navigation requirements such as high accuracy and low cost. In this paper, the Dead Reckoning System is assisted with the GPS position, and the problem of GPS signal shielding and interrupting is overcome through the Kalman Filter. By taking full advantages of the information fusion theory, the integrated system can be well satisfied with the demands of AGV navigation orientation. Moreover, the AGV movement control and experimental data acquisition are obtained by using VC++ fusion and experimental control program. The navigation positioning errors of the GPS and integrated GPS/DR were computed as well. The positioning accuracy of the integrated navigation system increases by 50% in comparison with that of the GPS navigation alone. Therefore, the integrated navigation can actualize real-time, credible and exact AGV positioning with a minimum positioning error, and decrease or eliminate the reckoning positioning system error accumulated with time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Multidisciplinary	AGV,Information fusion,Integrated GPS/DR navigation,Kalman filter,Positioning technology
Analysis of dynamic due-date assignment models in a flexible manufacturing system	2011	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	This paper investigates the effects of dynamic due-date assignment models (DDDAMs), routing flexibility levels (RFLs), sequencing flexibility levels (SFLs) and part sequencing rules (PSRs) on the performance of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) for the situation wherein part types to be produced in the system arrive continuously in a random manner. The existing DDDAMs considered are dynamic processing plus waiting time and dynamic total work content. A new model known as dynamically estimated flow allowance (DEFA) has also been developed and investigated. The routing flexibility of the system and the sequencing flexibility of parts are both set at three levels. A discrete-event simulation model of the FMS is used as a test-bed for experimentation. The performance measures evaluated are mean flow time, mean tardiness, percentage of tardy parts and mean flow allowance. The statistical analysis of the simulation results reveals that there are significant interactions among DDDAMs, RFLs, SFLs and PSRs for all the performance measures. The proposed DEFA model provides the minimum percentage of tardy parts in all the experiments. Regression-based metamodels have been developed using the simulation results. The metamodels are found to provide a good prediction of the performance of the FMS within the domain of their definition.  2011 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	35	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Due-date assignment models,Flexible manufacturing system,Metamodels,Part sequencing rules,Routing flexibility,Sequencing flexibility,Simulation
Decision support for yard capacity, fleet composition, truck substitutability, and scalability issues at seaport container terminals	2011	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	This paper presents the results of nine independent studies that link a seaport container terminal's long-run average quay crane rate to various strategic and tactical decisions made by the terminal operating company. New numerical results on yard capacity, fleet composition, truck substitutability, and terminal scalability issues are obtained using a fully-integrated, discrete event simulation model of a vessel-to-vessel transshipment terminal that is designed to reproduce the microscopic, stochastic, real-time environment at a multiple-berth facility. These are the first such studies to be conducted using a fully-integrated simulation model of a non-automated container terminal.  2010 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	70	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Gross crane rate,Seaport container terminal,Simulation,Terminal scalability,Yard capacity
Automatic motion-guided video stylization and personalization	2011	MM'11 - Proceedings of the 2011 ACM Multimedia Conference and Co-Located Workshops	Video stylization transfers a source video into an artistic version while maintaining temporal coherence between adjacent frames. In this paper, we formulate the unsupervised example-based video stylization with Markov random field model. In our algorithm, we implement an improved optical flow algorithm to maintain temporal coherence while improve the accuracy of estimation along motion boundaries. We also extend our algorithm to the application of video personalization, in which human faces keep clear and distinguishable. A series of techniques are fused in video personalization, including face detection and alignment, motion flow, skin detection, and illumination blending. Given a source video and a style template image, our algorithm produces the stylized and/or personalized video(s) automatically. Experimental results demonstrate that our algorithm performs excellently in both video stylization and personalization. Copyright 2011 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	8	Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Human-Computer Interaction	Non-photorealistic rendering,Video personalization,Video stylization
A general knowledge-based framework for conceptual design of multi-disciplinary systems	2011	Design Computing and Cognition '10	Designers are encouraged to explore in wide multi-disciplinary solution spaces for finding novel and optimal principle solutions during conceptual design. However, as cultivated in limited disciplines, they often don't have sufficient multidisciplinary knowledge for fulfilling such tasks. A viable solution to this issue is to develop an automated conceptual design system so that knowledge from various disciplines can be automatically synthesized together. Since conceptual design is often achieved through reusing and synthesizing known principle solutions, this paper proposes a knowledge-based framework for achieving automated conceptual design of multi-disciplinary systems, which comprises three primary parts, i.e. a flexible constraint-based approach for representing desired functions, a situation-free approach for modeling functional knowledge of known principle solutions, and an agent-based approach for synthesizing known principle solutions for desired functions. A design case demonstrates that the proposed framework can effectively achieve automated conceptual design of multi-disciplinary systems. Therefore, designers can then be automatically guided to explore in multi-disciplinary solution spaces during conceptual design.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications	None
Heuristic for the resolution of the Cyclic Hoist Scheduling Problem with multi-items	2011	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The aim of this paper is to present a new heuristic for the resolution of the Cyclic Hoist Scheduling Problem (CHSP). It consists in determining a repetitive sequence of hoist moves that minimizes the duration time (called the cycle time). The obtained cyclic scheduling respects material as well as resource handling constraints. In this approach, time windows are maintained for all soaking operations and overlapping cycles are allowed in order to be as close as possible to optimality. Computational results, including comparison with existing algorithms are presented to show the efficiency of the proposed heuristic. To reduce the cycle time, we integrate in the general heuristic an algorithm with a set of Minimum Part Set (MPS) configurations'. This one allows us to find the best order in which jobs should be introduced into the line.  2011 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Cyclic Schedule,Electroplating facilities,Heuristic,Minimum Part Set (MPS),Time-windows
Modelling and verification of vending machine systems by using timed Petri nets	2011	Key Engineering Materials	This paper focuses on the use of Deterministic timed Petri net (DTPNs) to model a coffee vending machine system. The advantage of the proposed approach is that the clear presentation of the behaviors of the coffee vending machine in terms of conditions and transitions that cause the state alternations. The analysis of the control models is performed by a state transition diagram. Then the dynamic properties of the control method will be obtained. To our knowledge, this is the first work that employs DTPNs to obtain the model of the vending machine control system.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Deterministic timed Petri net,Petri net,Vending machine systems
Petri net-based scheduling of single-arm cluster tools with reentrant atomic layer deposition processes	2011	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	For some wafer fabrication processes in cluster tools, e.g., atomic layer deposition (ALD), wafer revisiting is required. Typically, in such processes, wafers need to visit two consecutive processing steps several times. Such a revisiting process can be denoted as (mi, mi+1 h, where i means the ith-step and mi and mi+1 mean the corresponding quantity of the processing modules in i and (i+1)th steps, and h the number of visiting times. This paper conducts a study for scheduling single-arm cluster tools with such a wafer revisiting process. The system is modeled by Petri nets (PNs) to guarantee the feasibility of robot activities. Based on the model, a deadlock avoidance policy is presented. With the control policy, cycle time analysis for the revisiting process is made. With the fact that wafer processing times are much longer than robot movement times in cluster tools, it is shown that, when mi = mi+1 = 1, i.e., each step has only one processing module, the optimal one-wafer cyclic schedule is deterministic and unique, and the minimal cycle time can be calculated by an analytical expression. It is also shown that, when m i = 1 and mi+1 = 2 or mi = 2 and m i+1 = 1, the optimal one-wafer cyclic schedule can be obtained by finding h deterministic schedules and the one with the least cycle time. A novel analytical method is finally presented to schedule the overall system containing such reentrant wafer flow. This represents a significant advance in single-arm cluster equipment automation.  2010 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	121	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,optimization,Petri nets (PNs),scheduling,semiconductor fabrication
Resource-transition circuits and siphons for deadlock control of automated manufacturing systems	2011	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	The resource-transition circuit ( RTC) and siphon are two different structural objects of Petri nets and used to develop deadlock control policies for automated manufacturing systems. They are related to the liveness property of Petri net models and thus used to characterize and avoid deadlocks. Based on them, there are two kinds of methods for developing deadlock controllers. Such methods rely on the computation of all maximal perfect RTCs and strict minimal siphons (SMSs), respectively. This paper concentrates on a class of Petri nets called a system of simple sequential processes with resources, establishes the relation between two kinds of control methods, and identifies maximal perfect RTCs and SMSs. A graph-based technique is used to find all elementary RTC structures. They are then used to derive all RTCs. Next, an iterative method is developed to recursively construct all maximal perfect RTCs from elementary ones. Finally, a one-to-one correspondence between SMSs and maximal perfect RTCs and, hence, an equivalence between two deadlock control methods are established.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	109	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system (AMS),controller,deadlock,discrete event systems,Petri net,resource-transition circuit (RTC),siphon
Min-max model predictive controller for trajectory tracking of awheeled mobile robot with slipping effects	2011	IEICE Transactions on Fundamentals of Electronics, Communications and Computer Sciences	A min-max model predictive controller is developed in this paper for tracking control of wheeled mobile robots (WMRs) subject to the violation of nonholonomic constraints in an environment without obstacles. The problem is simplified by neglecting the vehicle dynamics and considering only the steering system. The linearized tracking-error kinematic model with the presence of uncertain disturbances is formed in the frame of the robot. And then, the control policy is derived from the worstcase optimization of a quadratic cost function, which penalizes the tracking error and control variables in each sampling time over a finite horizon. As a result, the input sequence must be feasible for all possible disturbance realizations. The performance of the control algorithm is verified via the computer simulations with a predefined trajectory and is compared to a common discrete-time sliding mode control law. The result shows that the proposed method has a better tracking performance and convergence. Copyright  2011 The Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Signal Processing,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Disturbances,Min-max model predictive control,Trajectory tracking,Wheeled mobile robot
Autonomous pallet localization and picking for industrial forklifts: A robust range and look method	2011	Measurement Science and Technology	A combined double-sensor architecture, laser and camera, and a new algorithm named RLPF are presented as a solution to the problem of identifying and localizing a pallet, the position and angle of which are a priori known with large uncertainty. Solving this task for autonomous robot forklifts is of great value for logistics industry. The state-of-the-art is described to show how our approach overcomes the limitations of using either laser ranging or vision. An extensive experimental campaign and uncertainty analysis are presented. For the docking task, new dynamic nonlinear path planning which takes into account vehicle dynamics is proposed.  2011 IOP Publishing Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	14	Instrumentation,Engineering (miscellaneous),Applied Mathematics	autonomous forklift,logistics automation,pallet localization
A survey of dispatching rules for operational control in wafer fabrication	2011	Production Planning and Control	Production scheduling in semiconductor wafer fabs is a non-trivial task owing to the complexity of wafer fabrication. Dispatching rules are the most commonly used tools for shop floor control in this industry. Over the years, advanced dispatching rules, capable of impacting multiple performance measures and utilising both upstream and downstream information in assigning lot priorities, have been introduced. This article aims to provide an overview of these rules and explores the effectiveness of their performance as they pertain to different areas in a wafer fab. Based on this overview, several future directions on developing new dispatching rules are also proposed.  2011 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	54	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated material handling systems,batch processing,dispatching rules,photolithography scheduling,scheduling,sequencing,wafer fabrication
Robust behavior and perception using hierarchical state machines: A pallet manipulation experiment	2011	Journal of Physical Agents	Interacting with simple objects in semi-controlled environments is a rich source of challenging situations for mobile robots, particularly when performing sequential tasks. In this paper we present the computational architecture and results obtained from a pallet manipulation experiment with a real robot. To achieve a good success rate in locating and picking the pallets a set of behaviors is assembled in a hierarchical state machine. The behaviors are arranged in such a way that the global uncertainty of the task is progressively reduced when approaching the goal. To do so, actions are generated in each stage that increase the confidence of the robot of being in that particular relation to the world. In order to set up this experiment, it is required a non-trivial set of working senso-motor behaviors. We build on this set to design and test a pallet moving task in which the robot has to locate, approach, obtain the pose, pick up and, finally move the pallet to its target position. The only sensory sources of information available to the robot are a binocular vision system and its internal odometry. To carry out this task we have equipped a RobEx robot with a 1 DOF forklift and a 4 DOF binocular head. We present the conceptual and computational models and the results of the experiments in a real setup.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Active Perception,Autonomous Robots,Mobile Manipulators
Software modeling and design: UML, use cases, patterns, and software architectures	2011	Software Modeling and Design: UML, Use Cases, Patterns, and Software Architectures	Hassan Gomaa 2011.This book covers all you need to know to model and design software applications from use cases to software architectures in UML and shows how to apply the COMET UML-based modeling and design method to real-world problems. The author describes architectural patterns for various architectures, such as broker, discovery, and transaction patterns for service-oriented architectures, and addresses software quality attributes including maintainability, modifiability, testability, traceability, scalability, reusability, performance, availability, and security. Complete case studies illustrate design issues for different software architectures: a banking system for client/server architecture, an online shopping system for service-oriented architecture, an emergency monitoring system for component-based software architecture, and an automated guided vehicle for real-time software architecture. Organized as an introduction followed by several short, self-contained chapters, the book is perfect for senior undergraduate or graduate courses in software engineering and design, and for experienced software engineers wanting a quick reference at each stage of the analysis, design, and development of large-scale software systems.	Book	b	bk	Book	United States	85	Computer Science (all)	None
Modelling and analysis of routing flexibility, sequencing flexibility and scheduling decisions in a flexible manufacturing system	2011	International Journal of Applied Decision Sciences	This paper focuses on a simulation-based experimental study of the interaction among routing flexibility, sequencing flexibility and part sequencing rules in a typical FMS. Two scenarios are considered for experimentation. Three routing flexibility levels, five sequencing flexibility levels and four scheduling rules for part sequencing decision are considered for detailed investigation. The performance of the FMS is evaluated using various measures related to flow time and tardiness of parts. The simulation results are subjected to statistical analysis. The analyses of results reveal that deterioration in system performance can be minimised substantially by incorporating either routing flexibility or sequencing flexibility or both. However, the benefits of either of these flexibilities diminish at higher flexibility levels. Part sequencing rules such as earliest due date and earliest operation due date provide better performance for all the measures at higher flexibility levels.  2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Economics and Econometrics,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Flexible manufacturing system,FMS: routing flexibility,Part sequencing rules,PSR,Sequencing flexibility
Determination of an optimal return-path on road attributes for mobile robot recharging	2011	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	Optimal path-planning for mobile robot recharging is a very vital requirement in real applications. This paper proposes a strategy of determining an optimal return-path in consideration of road attributes which include length, surface roughness, road grade and the setting of speed-control hump. The road in the environment is partitioned into multiple segments, and for each one, a model of cost that the robot will pay for is established under the constraints of the attributes. The cost consists of energy consumption and the influence of vibration on mobile robot that is induced by motion. The return-path is constituted by multiple segments and its cost is defined to be the sum of the cost of each segment. The idle time, deduced from the cost, is firstly used as the decision factor for determining the optimal return-path. Finally, the simulation is given and the results prove the effectiveness and superiority of the strategy.  2011 Liu et al.; licensee InTech.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Idle time,Mobile robot recharging,Road attribute,Road grade,Surface roughness
Switching fuzzy tracking control for mobile robots under curvature constraints	2011	Control Engineering Practice	In this paper a switching fuzzy logic controller for mobile robots with a bounded curvature constraint is presented. The controller tracks piece-wise linear paths, which are an approximation of the feasible smooth reference path. The controller is constructed through the use of a map, which transforms the problem to a simpler one; namely the tracking of straight lines. This allows the use of an existing fuzzy tracker deployed in a previous work, and its simplification leading to a 70% rule reduction. Simulation results and a comparison analysis with existing trackers are also presented along with some stability considerations on the impulsive error dynamics which emerge.  2010 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	34	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Fuzzy logic,Impulsive systems,Non-holonomic mobile robots,Path tracking,Strip-wise affine map,Switching control
Atlas-guided automated analysis of small-animal PET studies	2011	IEEE Nuclear Science Symposium Conference Record	This work aims to develop a methodology for automated atlas-guided analysis of small animal PET data through deformable registration to an anthropomorphic mouse atlas. A non-rigid registration technique is used to put into correspondence relevant anatomic regions of rodents to the predefined atlas. The technique consists in registering CT images from actual mouse PET/CT data to corresponding CT images of the Digimouse atlas, thus providing a pre-segmented anatomical model consisting of 21 anatomical regions suitable for automated analysis. Image registration is performed using the Elastix package, which is a modular toolbox based on the ITK library allowing the implementation of various image registration algorithms. Once the optimal parameters were derived, these were applied to all data sets. The accuracy of image registration was assessed by segmenting mice CT images into 7 regions: brain, lungs, heart, kidneys, bladder, skeleton and rest of the body. This was realized previous to image registration in a semiautomated way using the ITK-Snap toolbox. Each segmented mouse was transformed using the output transformation parameters obtained during CT image registration. The resulting segmentation was compared with the original Digimouse atlas to quantify image registration accuracy using established figures of merit such as Dice coefficient and Hausdorff distance showing fair to excellent agreement and a mean registration mismatch distance of about 6 mm. Pre-registration was applied to some PET images which were slightly misaligned with the corresponding CT images. PET images were then transformed using the same method used earlier. The results demonstrate good quantification accuracy in most regions, especially the brain. As expected, relatively large deviations were obtained for the bladder. It can be concluded that the proposed automated technique is reliable and suitable for fast quantification of preclinical PET data in large serial studies.  2011 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Switzerland	1	Radiation,Nuclear and High Energy Physics,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	atlas,deformable registration,mouse,PET/CT,quantification
Efficient computation of strict minimal siphons for a class of Petri nets models of automated manufacturing systems	2011	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	As a structural object of Petri nets, siphons play a key role in the development of deadlock prevention policies for resource allocation systems. The siphon solution in Petri nets has been extensively investigated in the literature. Since the number of siphons in a net grows quickly and in the worst case grows exponentially with respect to the size of a net, their computation is expensive. This paper aims to find the strict minimal number of siphons in a class of Petri nets, called extended systems of linear simple sequential process with resources, which can model flexible manufacturing systems where there exist no flexible processing routings except for the idle state and each operation state may require more than one sort of resources. First, a relationship between structural properties and strict minimal siphons in the class of Petri net is verified. Second, we define the resource digraph of the class net. Finally, based on the obtained results, a method to find the set of strict minimal siphons is proposed. A running example is used to demonstrate the proposed methods.  2011, The Institute of Measurement and Control. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Instrumentation	digraph,flexible manufacturing system,Petri net,strict minimal siphon
Simulation-based comparative analysis of the performance of a flexible manufacturing system operating under part movement policy and tool movement policy	2011	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	This paper focuses on the simulation studies conducted to evaluate the performance of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) operating under two different scenarios: part movement policy and tool movement policy. A typical configuration of an FMS is considered for the purpose of experimentation. A discrete-event simulation model of the FMS is developed for each of the two scenarios. A number of scheduling rules are incorporated in the simulation model for part scheduling decision. The performance measures considered are mean flow time, mean tardiness, percentage of tardy parts and mean utilization of machines. The simulation results are subjected to statistical analysis. For the FMS considered in this study, tool movement policy is found to perform significantly better when compared with the part movement policy. Copyright  2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,Industrial systems engineering,Part movement,Scheduling,Simulation,Tool movement
Simulation modelling and analysis of routing flexibility of a flexible manufacturing system	2011	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	Routing flexibility is a major contributor of the flexibility of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). This paper focuses on the evaluation of the routing flexibility of an FMS with the dynamic arrival of part types for processing in the system. A typical FMS configuration is chosen for detailed study and analysis. The system is set at five different levels of routing flexibility. Operations of part types can be processed on alternative machines depending upon the level of routing flexibility present in the system. Two cases have been considered with respect to the processing times of operations on alternative machines. A discrete-event simulation model has been developed to describe the operation of the FMS. The routing flexibility of the system has been evaluated using the measures such as routing efficiency, routing versatility and routing variety. The flexibility levels are ranked based on the routing flexibility measure for the system.  2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,Industrial systems engineering,Routing flexibility,Simulation
Decomposition techniques for hybrid MILP/CP models applied to scheduling and routing problems	2011	Springer Optimization and Its Applications	Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.This chapter provides a review of decomposition algorithms for models that are formulated as hybrid mixed-integer linear/constraint programming problems, such as logic Benders Decomposition and Constraint Programming-Based Column Generation. We first focus the decomposition techniques on single stage scheduling problems with parallel machines where the hybrid model provides a natural representation as the decisions decompose into assignment and sequencing decisions. We describe a general decomposition algorithm for the hybrid MILP/CP model in terms of a Benders decomposition scheme, as well as in terms of a branch and cut framework. We then consider Vehicle Routing and Crew Rostering applications to illustrate how a Hybrid Branch-and-Price method can be applied, and we discuss the different models that have been proposed in the literature.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Portugal	4	Control and Optimization	None
