Research on feeding vehicle control system for drug packaging	2012	Journal of Convergence Information Technology	In modern industry, the feeding vehicle is a very efficient way of material conveying on the packing line, control system is the key of the vehicle design. To devise a kind of control system on the hanging feeding vehicle, which is applied to traditional Chinese Medicine pills packaging workshop. To use Single-chip Microcomputer as the core, wireless communication technology, step motor driver, which have realized the precise positioning of the vehicle, speed control, communication and so on. To study control system overall project, hardware design and software design including wireless communication module and driver module of the vehicle etc., and explains the driver program design for the vehicle. To achieve automatic delivery in the Chinese Medicine pills production line.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Automatic control,Feeding vehicle,Position,Wireless communication
Steering control algorithm for intelligent vehicle based on support vector machine	2012	Journal of Convergence Information Technology	The traditional steering control method is to get the model of vehicle through strict derivation and using LQ or PID algorithms et al. to design the controller for the vehicle. These algorithms require accurately dynamic and mechanic model which are very difficult. Aiming at the intelligent vehicle model, a vision-based support vector machine (SVM) steering control algorithm is brought forward. According to the characteristics of intelligent vehicle, the SVM control model is designed. With the input of white-line position value of a road map, the algorithm outputs the steering angle of the steering wheels. 153 groups of image data are trained by SVM, which contain 17 groups of linear state models as well as 136 groups of turning state model. The test indicates that the algorithm can learn the control tactic of the operator very well, and has better stability and robustness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Intelligent vehicle,Steering control algorithm,Support victor machine
The optimized point stabilization control for robots based on bézier planning	2012	Applied Mechanics and Materials	In this paper, the optimized point stabilization control of nonholonomic wheeled mobile robot has been researched, and point stabilization control of constraint nonholonomic wheeled system has been achieved through the geometry planning method based on Bézier, and constrained system is converted to un-constraint optimized question based on introducing penalty functions. The optimized control parameters has been got through Hooke-Jeeves method to achieve the perfect combination of the optimized route planning and optimized control, which can make the robot achieve the target pose under the constraint condition and improve the smooth of move path and reduce the stable time. The controller's validity is proved by the experiment.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Bézier planning,Optimized control,Point stabilization,Wheeled mobile robot
Evolutionary approaches for scheduling a flexible manufacturing system with automated guided vehicles and robots	2012	International Journal of Industrial Engineering Computations	This paper addresses the scheduling of machines, an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) and two robots in a Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) formed in three loop layouts, with objectives to minimize the makespan, mean flow time and mean tardiness. The scheduling optimization is carried out using Sheep Flock Heredity Algorithm (SFHA) and Artificial Immune System (AIS) algorithm. AGV is used for carrying jobs between the Load/Unload station and the machines. The robots are used for loading and unloading the jobs in the machines, and also used for transferring jobs between the machines. The algorithms are applied for test problems taken from the literature and the results obtained using the two algorithms are compared. The results indicate that SFHA performs better than AIS for this problem.  2012 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	7	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Artificial immune system,FMS scheduling,Multi objective optimization,Robots,Sheep flock heredity algorithm
Fault-tolerant controller design for automated guided vehicle systems based on Petri nets	2012	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	In this paper, we propose an approach for the design of fault-tolerant controllers for automated guided vehicle systems (AGVs) that are modeled by Petri nets. In particular, we consider multiple faults detection and identification in Petri nets that have state machine structures (i.e., every transition in the net has only one input place and one output place). We develop an approximation algorithm to design the fault-tolerant Petri net controller so as to minimize the sum of the arc weights in the (input and output) incident matrices of the redundant controller. A design example for an AGV system is also provided to illustrate our approach.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
The summary of AGV guidance technology	2012	Advanced Materials Research	AGV is short for automated guided vehicle. AGV is unmanned automated guided carriage car equipped with a non-contact guidance with microcontroller as controlling core and battery as power. The basic functions of the AGV are driving automated, recognizing the site to stop and transfering loads. AGV has been more widely used, because it is a key equipment of flexible manufacturing systems and an important mean of modern logistics systems. Guidance technology is the most critical core technology in AGV system. In this paper the author consult a lot of relevant books and mainly compares principle of a variety of AGV navigation technologies,analyzes the advantages and disadvantages and forecast the trend of the agv guidance technology development in the future so that relevant researchers can do further research.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Engineering (all)	Advantage and disadvantage,AGV,Comparison,Guidance technology
The AGV controller system design based on CPAC	2012	Advanced Materials Research	According to the material handling AGV in accurate,timely and flexible requirements, proposed based on Googol GE-400SV motion controller AGV control system. Constructed to CPAC core AGV control system hardware structure. Constructed as GE-400SV motion controller for the core of AGV control system hardware structure, and using VC ++6.0 completed system software realization. Experimental results show that: use GE-400SV motion controller and the development software as control core of AGV can meet the hardware and software design of Automated Guided Vehicle precise positionig, automatic walk.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Motion controller,VC++
A new method of complex logistics planning scheduling based on super cubic path link algorithm	2012	Advanced Materials Research	The paper mainly aimed at the complex manufacturing system of high-end special equipment which is multiple and nested.To search and establish a transmitting structure model.The model is about complex logistics operations distribution and it has a reconfigurable organization form. Research a new theory about all-around logistics operations which is cooperative multitasking planning scheduling based on super cubic path dynamic link algorithm. It solve the key theory problem caused by not real-time scheduling for logistics operations dynamic planning and not sensitive conduction for self-response required by the reconfigurable of production organization form in the operation of complex manufacturing system which has a great varietal model varieties and great varietal process sequences.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Complex manufacturing,Logistics planning,Reconfigurable,Super-cubic
Simulation modeling approach to maritime container terminals: A state-of-the-art review	2012	Proceedings of the 2012 - Summer Computer Simulation Conference, SCSC 2012, Part of SummerSim 2012 Multiconference	An overview of relevant literature is conducted on research focusing on the applicability of simulation modeling approach in the solution of port container terminals' decision problems. The container terminals' decision problems have been dominantly addressed by Operational Research discipline based on its two main approaches math modeling and simulation. Extensive container terminals' research has been addressed by using Discrete -Event Simulation, but the literature review suggests that Agent-Based Modeling and Simulation is now emerging as a more suitable approach for studying operations container terminals, but this still needs to be verified by more deployed systems. A general conclusion from our study is that is necessary to increment the use of Agent-Based Modeling and Simulation tools in the container terminals modeling to provide more adequacies in the modeling and simulation activity.  2012 SIMULATION COUNCILS, INC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	1	Modeling and Simulation	Agents,Container terminals,Maritime ports
The undirected m-Capacitated Peripatetic Salesman Problem	2012	European Journal of Operational Research	In the m-Capacitated Peripatetic Salesman Problem (m-CPSP) the aim is to determine m Hamiltonian cycles of minimal total cost on a graph, such that all the edges are traversed less than the value of their capacity. This article introduces three formulations for the m-CPSP. Two branch-and-cut algorithms and one branch-and-price algorithm are developed. Tests performed on randomly generated and on TSPLIB Euclidean instances indicate that the branch-and-price algorithm can solve instances with more than twice the size of what is achievable with the branch-and-cut algorithms.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	6	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Branch-and-cut,Branch-and-price,Capacity,Peripatetic Salesman Problem,Traveling Salesman Problem
Virtual manufacturing cell for 3 types of pieces	2012	Quality - Access to Success	The virtual technology is more and more accessible and therefor used in the industrial environment. It can be blended with all the Product Lifecycle's stages and it provides the advantage of seeing /analyzing/changing everything before anything is physically created. The present paper is focused on a study case involving the concept and development of a flexible manufacturing cell for 3 types of pieces by means of the virtual technology. The manufacturing cell is composed of a plasma cutting machine, CNC milling machines, automated guided vehicles, shape identification camera and robots. The accent is laid on the cell layout development based on the technological data and on the virtualization process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Romania	0	Management Information Systems,Business and International Management,Strategy and Management	None
Standard test procedures and metrics development for automated guided vehicle safety standards	2012	Performance Metrics for Intelligent Systems (PerMIS) Workshop	The National Institute of Standards and Technology's Intelligent Systems Division has been researching automated guided vehicle (AGV) control based on advanced two-dimensional (2D) imaging sensors that detect dynamic, standard test pieces representing humans towards improving AGV safety standards. Experiments and results are presented in this paper showing the measurement of dynamic standard test pieces from an automated guided vehicle as compared to ground truth. The experimental results will be used to develop standard test methods and to recommend improved standard stopping distance exception language to AGV standards. Copyright  2012.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	2D/3D imagers,AGV,ANSI/ITSDF B56.5,Ground truth
Power-assisted wheelchair design based on a lyapunov torque observer	2012	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	The objective of this paper is to present, describe and experimentally verify a novel sensorless power-assisted wheelchair (PAWC) of significantly lower cost and higher performance than contemporary designs. The proposed PAWC is built around a torque observer using the Lyapunov stability theorem. The design is essentially sensor-less, having only two conventional commercial opticoupler speed sensors, one for each of the two pulse width modulated motors. The only other input is voltage feedback produced by the motor drivers. The novel adaptive torque observer estimates the impact torque and predicts the system state, outputting a control signal for a proportional-integral controller through a digital signal processor. Experiments were conducted by simulation and also with a lab-built prototype to verify that the proposed method has good performance and meets the requirements for safe and stable PAWC design. Also, the proposed torque observer is found more accurate than a conventional torque observer. Because the proposed sensorless PAWC demonstrates better performance, lower intrinsic cost and superior maintenance probability than conventional PAWCs, the presented system is a likely candidate for the next-generation of PAWCs.  2012.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	6	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Lyapunov stability theorem,Power-assisted wheelchair,Torque observer
Control of automatic robot with guided manipulator integrated into flexible manufacturing system using Hybrid Petri Nets	2012	2012 16th International Conference on System Theory, Control and Computing, ICSTCC 2012 - Joint Conference Proceedings	An analysis of the transportation and handling systems used in assembly/disassembly flexible manufacturing line (A/D-FML) is presented in this paper. Based on the analysis, an approach of the modeling and control a new class of automatic guided vehicles (AGV) is presented, the automatic robot with guided manipulator (ARGM). We propose to use Hybrid Petri Nets (HPN) for modeling the ARGM tasks and for implementing the control strategy of A/D-FML in order to make complete reversible the assembly line, i. e., in order to execute full disassembly.  2012 Dunarea de Jos University.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	3	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Control and Systems Engineering	None
On the design of AGV obstacle avoidance system based on fuzzy-PID dual-mode controller	2012	Proceedings of 2012 IEEE Conference on Control, Systems and Industrial Informatics, ICCSII 2012	The design of obstacle avoidance system for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is widely known as a challenging task. This paper addresses this issue by exploiting a novel approach to combine the fuzzy logic control and conventional PID control into the controller design. Such dual-mode design can significantly promote the real-time performance of the obstacle avoidance system and effectively eliminate the blind spots and enables the system to reach the equilibrium points faster. The moving velocity and rotation angle of AGVs are proactively controlled via the fuzzy-PID dual-mode controller to avoid obstacles with graceful path and velocity changes.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,fuzzy-PID dual-mode controller,Obstacle avoidance
Proposal for an AGV communication system using a cellbot framework	2012	2012 10th IEEE/IAS International Conference on Industry Applications, INDUSCON 2012	Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) are considered one of the key strategic systems when coping with current manufacturing environments. FMS uses various technologies integrated in a system, including Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). An AGV which serves an FMS environment usually has four components: the vehicles (uni or multiloaded), the load/deposit stations, the orientation and traffic control system and the communication system. In this research, we specified and implemented a communication system for AGVs intended as a resource for FMS. We used a cellbot framework (MIT App Inventor Beta) in order to make the infrastructure easily available for researchers. The methodology used was based on evolutionary and incremental prototyping. The main contribution of this research is to supply the communication system as an aid in establishing a development basis for orientation, traffic control and even hardware in the loop simulations where online communication with the AGV is required.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	2	Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Vision guidance system for AGV using ANFIS	2012	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper presents a study of vision guidance system of AGV using ANFIS(adaptive network fussy inference system). The vision guidance system is based on driving method that recognize obvious characteristic object like driving line and landmark. It has an advantage in its ability to get more data points than other induction sensor of AGV. However, it is hard to build such a system because the camera used for vision guidance system is severely affected by disturbance factor caused by varying brightness of light. Therefore, we have designed and created a dark-room environment to minimize this disturbance factor. However, due to the reduction of viewing-angle by minimized darkroom design, it is difficult to control using PID which is commonly used in driving control, on fast converted driving line. Therefore, this paper proposes vision guidance method of AGV using ANFIS. AGV modeling is done through kinematic analysis for camera and created dark-room environment. Steering angle by double wheel input is revised through FIS. This data is trained by hybrid ANFIS training method, and it is used for driving control. To do performance test of proposed method, we have conducted series of experiments by creating a simulation model of AGV. We also conducted a comparative analysis of proposed method with PID control.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2012.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV,ANFIS,Driving control,PID,Vision guidance system
Inbound logistics and vehicle routing	2012	Graph Theory for Operations Research and Management: Applications in Industrial Engineering	One of the most important factors in the design of automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) is the flow path design. The unidirectional/ conventional flow path design in automated guided vehicle (AGV) routing problem considers aisles to be undirected so that each pair of cells could be reached mutually. Regarding the flow between cells, this chapter presents a novel algorithm to minimize the total distance traveled by the loaded vehicles on the block layout graph. The algorithm is an efficient branch-and-band method with branches on the feasible solutions to solve the strongly connected graph layout. To find the feasible and efficient flow path, the authors use the Revised-DFS based on testing connectivity of the graph.  2013, IGI Global.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United Kingdom	0	Decision Sciences (all)	None
Priority-based genetic algorithm for conflict-free automated guided vehicle routing	2012	Procedia Engineering	This study presents an algorithm for automated guided vehicle system routing. Priority-based genetic algorithm was used for genetic representation. The objective is minimal path transverse time. Weight mapping crossover (WMX) and insertion mutation was used as genetic operators. Conflict detection and avoidance was incorporated into the system using node and arc occupation time mapping for detection and replacement of the individual with faultless individual from the population for avoidance. Numerical experimentation was conducted to test the effectiveness of the algorithm.  2012 Elsevier B.V.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	11	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicles (agvs),Conflict avoidance,Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Priority-based encoding,Routing
Improved time window based conflict-free automated guided vehicle system routing	2012	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	In flexible manufacturing system, Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV)could not operate in planned routes of time window under dynamic uncertain environment. Aiming at this problem, the updating AGV operating pass was proposed by changing the priority of AGV passing through the nodes and adjusting the passing sequences of corresponding nodes. Meanwhile, time-window algorithm was improved to realize multiple AGV route planning in dynamic environment. In simulation experiment, rain line system with eight AGV was used to compare the unimproved time-window algorithm with the improved time-window algorithm, and the realization process of the algorithms was illustrated. Through the simulation, the proposed algorithm was proved to have better robustness and flexibility, and could reduce the number of conflicts, realize conflict-free effectively and improve system efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Path planning,Real-time conflict-free,Time window
An embedded control system for automatic guided vehicle	2012	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	An embedded control system with a Real-Time Operating System (RTOS) is designed and developed for a vision based Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) in this paper. In order to get high performance and reliability, the dual-core processor embedded system is used, including a main-controller for vehicle motion control, and a sub-controller for vision navigation. The embedded RTOS uC/OS-II is used to construct a software development platform, by which tasks schedule and system services software are realized.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2012.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automatic Guided Vehicle,Embedded system,Real-time operating system
Intelligent path planning for automated guided vehicles system based on topological map	2012	Proceedings of 2012 IEEE Conference on Control, Systems and Industrial Informatics, ICCSII 2012	Path planning is one of the key aspects of designing and implementing intelligent robots. This paper presents a novel path planning approach for automated guided vehicles (AGVs). In the proposed approach, the overall AGV control system is introduced and the environment is modeled as topological map. An improved version of classical Dijkstra's algorithm is developed aiming to find the globally optimal path which is a set of nodes of the warehouse topological map. Also, the local path planning is addressed by using a heuristics-based algorithm-A* algorithm which searches for the local minimum path between every two neighbor nodes of the global path. To assess the performance of the suggested algorithms, a number of simulation experiments are carried out for a range of scenarios. The result demonstrates the effectiveness of the algorithmic design and the AGV path planning solution.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	A*algorithm,AGVS,improved Dijkstra's algorithm,path planning
A hybrid evolutionary algorithm for fms optimization with AGV dispatching	2012	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	Scheduling is one of the most significant fields in manufacturing system. In this paper, we also consider how to handle materials during searching the optimal solutions of scheduling problem, because its impact in practical flexible manufacturing system (FMS) cannot be ignored. So we used the state-of-art automated guided vehicle (AGV) as a material-handling system in the FMS. We focus on the combination of an operation scheduling, which means to obtain the optimization of manufacturing scheduling, and the routing of AGVs, which is to transport materials of different operations between different machines in FMS. We use network structure to model FMS with AGV system as a material handling system. System constraints and decision variables about FMS especially related to AGVs dispatching can be presented on the network. That is to say that network modeling describes both operation scheduling information and AGV routing path information on a directed network model. We propose a random key-based particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm with crossover and mutation operation to avoid premature convergence and to maintain diversity of the swarm. Numerical analyses for case study show the effectiveness of proposed approach comparing with Genetic Algorithm (GA).  2012 CIE & SAIIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV),Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS),Network model,Random key-based particle swarm optimization (PSO)
Unpredicted trajectories of an Automated Guided Vehicle with chaos	2012	Wireless Technologies in Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks: Present and Future Challenges	Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) are the future of transportation. As a result of emerging standards, vehicles will soon be able to talk to one another as well as their environment. A number of applications will be made available for vehicular networks that improve the overall safety of the transportation infrastructure. This chapter develops a method to impart chaotic motions to an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). The chaotic AGV implies a mobile robot with a controller that ensures chaotic motions. This kind of motion is characterized by the topological transitivity and the sensitive dependence on initial conditions. Due the topological transitivity, the mobile robot is guaranteed to scan the whole connected workspace. For scanning motion, the chaotic robot neither requires a map of the workspace nor plans global motions. It only requires the measurement of the workspace boundary when it comes close to it.  2012, IGI Global.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Brazil	0	Computer Science (all)	None
Bar code detection using omnidirectional vision for automated guided vehicle navigation	2012	IET Conference Publications	In this paper, a study on detectability and readability of barcodes using omnidirectional vision system for automated guided vehicle is presented. Images from omnidirectional camera are known to be distorted against the height of the object. We present an algorithm for detecting and reading barcodes successfully without correcting the image distortion. Experiments were conducted both when the AGV was in motion and at rest. Three contributing factors were identified for successful barcodes detection and reading.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	4	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Barcode,Landmark,Omnidirectional vision
Ontology development and agent communication in agent-based simulation of AGVS	2012	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	For effective information exchange in agent-based systems, domain-specific ontology is strongly needed, which is the vocabulary representing facts and relations of objects in the domain. In this paper, a semi-formal domain-specific ontology for shop floor focusing on Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) is presented. The domain-specific ontology is developed on Protégé, a leading frame-based ontology editor, and is further converted into JADE™ (Java Agent DEvelopment Framework) compliant java classes. The developed ontology has been used in agent-communication of a simulator known as agent-based shop floor simulator (ABSFSim). Agent communication used in the ABSFSim is discussed. Agent-based simulation model of a sample manufacturing system is built with ABSFSim and the working of the model is verified and validated by comparing the output with an equivalent model developed in ProModel. The ontology development process presented in this paper is useful for developing agent-based models in different sections of manufacturing and also for developing high level agent-based software platforms for manufacturing systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	ABSFSim,Agent-Based Simulation,AGVS,JADE™,Protégé Ontology Editor
Global localization of automated guided vehicles in wireless networks	2012	2012 IEEE 1st International Symposium on Wireless Systems - Within the Conferences on Intelligent Data Acquisition and Advanced Computing Systems, IDAACS-SWS 2012	Flexible warehouse systems gain in importance as the demand for seamless transportation of products increases. Conventional consignment systems rely on conveyors and human operators who assemble the goods. In a new approach, a swarm of small automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is employed to collect items from storage shelves and take them to a picking station. A challenging issue connected with this approach is to provide efficient localization and tracking techniques in order to obtain the AGV's position at any point in time. In this paper the localization is realized by sensor fusion of wheel encoder data and range measurements obtained from an IEEE 802.15.4a CSS network. The choice of the filter algorithm is often crucial for the performance of the localization. For this reason this paper provides a comparison of three implementations of a Bayes Filter: the Extended Kalman Filter, Unscented Kalman Filter and the Particle Filter. Experimental results show how accurate position estimation can be performed by each of the filter algorithms.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computer Networks and Communications	None
Wireless locating and data communication in Harsh industrial environments	2012	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	In this paper, a concept of a system for wireless locating and data communication for industrial applications is proposed. The proposed system employs ultra-wide band radio for decentralized spatial localization of mobile sensor nodes and for communication. Due to the robustness UWB radio transmissions, it can be used in shop floor environments, e. g. for self-tracking of automated ground vehicles in factory plants. A prototypical implementation of the proposed system is presented and verified by experiments in an industrial environment.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	12	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
A declarative approach to cyclic processes coupling and scheduling	2012	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	Cyclic scheduling is an effective scheduling method in the repetitive discrete manufacturing environment where material-handling devices such as automated guided vehicles, robots and hoists are widely used to transfer parts between workstations in advanced manufacturing facilities. In this paper we address the problem of coupling cyclic material-handling tasks to produce a specified coordinated behavior. A new technique for modeling and performance evaluation of a loosely synchronized system composed of a set of cyclic processes interacting via shared and reusable resources is presented. Declarative model relating system desired behavior to its cooperating periodic component processes and an analytic model enabling to schedule coupled tasks is considered. Since our framework is iterative, properties and restrictions can be reviewed and refined as well. The analysis is illustrated using the example of a robotized flexible manufacturing system, where one of the main concerns is finding the structure of system such that an assumed steady cyclic state can be achieved.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Real time dispatching control of multi-dollies material handling systems in general assembly lines	2012	ASME 2012 International Manufacturing Science and Engineering Conference Collocated with the 40th North American Manufacturing Research Conference and in Participation with the Int. Conf., MSEC 2012	Material handling process on assembly lines is important because poor planning and control policies lead to low utilization of workforce and resources, which will cause more inadequate part delivery (part starvation) and reduce the overall system performance. Therefore, the delivery system must be optimized such that minimum number of workforce can be achieved without sacrificing production rate. In real assembly process, for better safety and higher efficiency, dolly trains are widely used to replace traditional forklifts for part delivery, which allows drivers to deliver more than one parts per trip and raises problems: how to choose proper number of parts and the delivery order at the beginning of each trip to achieve optimal dispatching control. Effective algorithms and strategies are addressed and compared in this study to provide practical guidelines for dolly material handling system. Copyright  2012 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Matrix model based control of flexible manufacturing systems using banker's algorithm	2012	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Control Applications	Manufacturing systems belong to a class of discrete-event systems. Main research objectives here include development of suitable models for manufacturing systems and their analysis. Moreover, various control algorithms are being developed to maximize utilization and throughput, while trying to achieve acceptable level of time and space complexity. In general, there is always a trade off between given objectives. In this paper we propose an exact mathematical procedure to relate matrix model of manufacturing systems and control policy based on Banker's algorithm. Matrix model allows straightforward application in industrial systems as well as structural analysis. On the other side, it gives a framework for application of various versions of Banker's algorithm.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Mathematics (all)	None
Empirical evaluation of multi-agent routing approaches	2012	Proceedings - 2012 IEEE/WIC/ACM International Conference on Intelligent Agent Technology, IAT 2012	In multi-agent route planning, there is a set of autonomous vehicles (agents), each with their own start and destination locations. Agents want to reach their destinations as quickly as possible while avoiding conflicts with other agents. We present a single-agent route planning algorithm that finds an optimal conflict-free route plan given a set of reservations from higher-priority agents. We also present an approach that constructs a conflict-free schedule along a fixed path. In order to obtain low-cost multi-agent plans, the fixed paths must provide the agents with sufficiently different alternatives in case certain parts of the infrastructure are more congested than others. We tried both a k shortest paths algorithm, and an algorithm for node-disjoint paths, and compared both approaches to the routing algorithm, and investigated how performances depend on characteristics of the infrastructure.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	3	Artificial Intelligence,Software	autonomous agents,path planning
Optimization and scheduling of AGV in automated warehouse system based on immune algorithm	2012	IET Conference Publications	AGV as an important part of automated warehouse system, it can improve the efficiency of the system. One way travelling path of AGV is simple, but always leads to deadlock and lower efficiency. On consideration of bidirectional AGV travelling path, an alternative path policy is proposed to avoid deadlock. The transporting tasks of AGV are constructed by bipartite graph and a task allocation based on maximumweight matching in bipartite graph is proposed. The steps of allocation method are described in detail. An algorithm based on immune algorithm is given to solve the problem. The simulation result shows that the proposed method is effective and can be used in practical.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Automated warehouse system,Deadlock avoidance,Immune algorithm,Scheduling optimization
Accuracy improvement of magnetic guidance sensor using fuzzy inference system	2012	6th International Conference on Soft Computing and Intelligent Systems, and 13th International Symposium on Advanced Intelligence Systems, SCIS/ISIS 2012	This paper proposes performance improvement of a magnetic guidance sensor using fuzzy inference system. The magnetic guidance sensor is used in measuring the location of AGV (automated guided vehicle). The magnetic guidance sensor had low positioning accuracy and it is inefficient because it is generally on/off digital type and can measure only N magnetic polarity. To solve those problems, it is improvement of accuracy using by fuzzy inference system, in addition, facilitates in two polarities to measure using by analog magnetic guidance sensor produced directly. For evaluate the improvement of accuracy of proposed method, analog magnetic sensor is necessary to compare it with digital magnetic guidance sensor presently. As a result, the performance of proposed method is more accuracy improvement and analog magnetic guidance sensor is possible to measure in two polarities.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Artificial Intelligence,Software	AGV,fuzzy,hall sensor,magnet guidance sensor,positon
A bilevel decomposition approach to railway crew rostering problems for fair labor condition	2012	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	The railway crew rostering problem is a scheduling problem to find a set of rosters that is feasible assignment of crew duties satisfying several labor conditions. We propose a novel decomposition approach to solve railway crew rostering problems with the objective of fair labor condition in order to reduce the computational effort. The upper level master problem determines an assignment of crew duties to the set of rosters and the lower level subproblem generates a feasible sequence of rosters including several labor conditions. The effective cuts are proposed to reduce feasible search space to tighten the duality gap between solutions of two level problems. Computational results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method compared with that of the constraint programming technique.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Simulation study for a proposed segmented automated material handling system design for 300-mm semiconductor fabs	2012	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	With the increase in the size and weight of 300-mm wafers, the factory area must be enlarged accordingly. Due to the flow of material over long distances, the elimination of manual wafer handling has become necessary. Consequently, an automated material handling system (AMHS) is required for 300-mm semiconductor manufacturing facilities. The design of an AMHS must not only be capable of meeting numerous complex material handling requirements, but it must also simplify control and reduce capacity loss. In this study, a segmented dual-track bidirectional loop (SDTBL) design for an AMHS is proposed. The configuration is based on a double-loop flow path structure that is divided into non-overlapping segments, each containing a certain number of vehicles operating in bidirectional mode. A transfer buffer is set to enable conversion between segments and connect each independent zone. This structure eliminates congestion and blocking without requiring additional investment by operating vehicles on mutually exclusive tracks. The segmentation strategies and steps for two scenarios are developed in this research, and a simulation is performed to evaluate the performance of each segmented strategy. The simulation results show that the proposed strategies can reduce the cycle time and increase stocker utilization by up to 55.55% and 39.39%, respectively, while the throughput remains the same. The proposed design has great potential for practical application.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	14	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Automated material handling system,Flow path design,Segmented dual-track bidirectional loop,Semiconductor Manufacturing,Simulation
A simplified control for robot convoy	2012	2012 International Conference on Control, Automation and Information Sciences, ICCAIS 2012	This paper presents a simplified control of robot convoy. This control is a multi-level 'bang-bang' derived by integration of Sensory Input Map (SIM) and Control Output Map (COM). We demonstrate that the robots are able to follow the leader while keeping a safe constant distance between them. The developed control is validated in simulation and tested with up-to five mini-robots.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	0	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Integrated scheduling of SP-AS/RS and handling equipment in automated container terminals	2012	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	Conventionally, the containers are stacked in storage yards inside the container terminals. However, in recent years a new storage system called split-platform automated storage/retrieval system (SP-AS/RS) has been introduced in the literature. On the other hand, integrated scheduling of handling equipment has been introduced as an essential concept to improve the performance of the automated container terminals. Improving the performance of container terminals would result in reduction of seaborne trade costs. In this paper a mixed integer programming model is formulated for the integrated scheduling of handling equipment (including the SP-AS/RS) in automated container terminals. In the formulation of the problem, tasks of cranes are scheduled considering the availability of the vehicles. Moreover, the vehicles are scheduled in accordance with the SP-AS/RS operations. The integrated scheduling has been proved as an NP-hard problem. Thus, a simulated annealing algorithm is developed to find near optimal solutions for the problem in relatively low computational time. Using a set of numerical test cases it is justified that the proposed simulated annealing algorithm is suitable to solve the problem. Further analyses on the number of available vehicles are the final notes of this paper.  2012 CIE & SAIIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	7	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Optimizing assembly line supply by integrating warehouse picking and forklift routing using simulation	2012	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	The significance of system orientation in production and logistics optimization has often been neglected in the past. An isolated view on single activities may result in globally suboptimal performance. We consider a manufacturing process where assembly lines are supplied from a central logistics center. The different steps, such as storage, picking and transport of work-in-process materials to and from the assembly lines, strongly influence each other. For instance, if the picking process batches orders that need to be transported to the same target, a reduction of travel distances can be achieved. The individual problems are coupled and validated via simulation, which leads to more robust and applicable results in practice. We test our approach on a scenario based on real-world data from Rosenbauer, one of the world's largest suppliers of firefighting vehicles. Our results indicate that warehouse optimization can lead to a more efficient transport in an integrated problem formulation.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Austria	6	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Comparing context-aware routing and local intersection management	2012	Belgian/Netherlands Artificial Intelligence Conference	In multi-agent routing, there is a set of mobile agents each with a start location and destination location on a shared infrastructure. An agent wants to reach its destination as quickly as possible, but conflicts with other agents must be avoided. We have previously developed a single-agent route planning algorithm that can find a shortest-time route that does not conflict with any previously made route plans. In this paper, we want to compare this route planning approach with non-planning approaches, in which intersection agents determine which agent may enter an intersection next, and where the agent will subsequently go (given its destination). When making these decisions, the intersection agents use only locally observed traffic information. Our experiments show that context-aware routing produces more efficient results in case no incidents disrupt the execution. However, in the face of unexpected incidents, the performance of the intersection management policies proves very robust, while context-aware routing only produces good results when coupled with effective plan repair mechanisms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
ACtivity-oriented Petri Net for scheduling of resources	2012	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	This work presents a new methodology for modeling discrete systems in which activities compete for resources. The new methodology known as Activity-Oriented Petri Net (AOPN) allows modelers to concentrate on modeling activities, and the resources are assumed to be managed by the underlying system; this approach allows compact and much simpler models even for large and complex systems. General Purpose Petri Net Simulator (GPenSIM) is a realization of AOPN methodology on MATLAB platform. In addition to comparison of AOPN methodology with the other existing methodologies, a case study is also provided in this paper to better explain how an AOPN model of a resource scheduling problem can be modeled and simulated with GPenSIM.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	22	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Activity-Oriented Petri net,discrete event dynamic systems,GPenSIM,resource sharing
Hedging manufacturing systems against assorted random disruptions in a dynamic environment	2012	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	Manufacturing facilities need flexible production scheduling systems to increase productivity and reduce operational or production costs. These production costs become high when production systems are subject to unforeseen disruptions. Due to the complexity and dynamic nature of these systems, they are constantly haunted by large amount of random disruptions. Occurrence of these unannounced disruptions normally triggers rescheduling of production operations to take place. This study presents a literature review related to the subject matter presented herein, and also addresses the challenges of avoiding and/or coping with production disruptions. A model is developed and simulated. The starting point of this research is to measure stability of the production schedules which also serves as a subject matter in this paper. This paper presents a new concept with simulation results as a case study. The manufacturing facility consists of five machines and for the scope of the study only machine breakdowns and material shortages are considered. The results show how the rescheduling parameters and the emerged disruptions affect the efficiency and mainly stability of the schedule execution.  2012 CIE & SAIIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Dynamic scheduling,Manufacturing disruptions,Rescheduling,Schedule stability
Petri net decomposition approach to deadlock-free scheduling for dual-armed cluster tools	2012	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	Semiconductor cluster tools are used to process a variety of silicon wafers for the fabrication of microelectronic components. The cluster tool system consists of several loadlock modules, processing devices, and material handling armed robots for transferring wafers between them. In order to improve total throughput of cluster tools, a deadlock-free scheduling is highly required for various types of wafer flow patterns or various equipment configurations. In this paper, we propose a Petri net decomposition approach to the optimization of scheduling of dual-armed cluster tools for semiconductor manufacturing. A timed Petri net model is introduced to represent scheduling problems for dual-armed cluster tools. In order to obtain a deadlock-free schedule, we develop a deadlock avoidance control policy that restricts the marking to prevent unmarked siphons. The developed control policy is combined with the Petri net decomposition approach to generate a feasible solution. Computational results show the effectiveness of the proposed method combined with deadlock avoidance policy.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Feasibility study of a novel method for real-time aerodynamic coefficient estimation	2012	AIAA Atmospheric Flight Mechanics Conference 2012	In this work, a novel technique for the real time identification of uncertain nonlinear aircraft aerodynamic coeffIcients has been developed and analyzed. The major objective of this paper is to develop and demonstrate a system for parameter identification in a real time flight environment. This system should be able to calculate aerodynamic coefficient information using typical pilot inputs while ensuring robust, stable, and rapid convergence. The parameter estimator investigated is based upon the nonlinear sliding mode control schema; one of the main advantages of the sliding mode estimator is the ability to guarantee a stable and robust convergence. Stable convergence is ensured by choosing a sliding surface and function that satisfies the Lyapunov stability criteria. After a proper sliding surface has been chosen, the nonlinear equations of motion for an F-16 aircraft are substituted into the sliding surface yielding an estimator capable of identifying a single aircraft parameter. Multiple sliding surfaces are then developed for each of the different flight parameters that will be identified. Sliding surfaces and parameter estimators have been developed and simulated for the pitching moment, lift force, and drag force coefficients of the F-16 aircraft. Comparing the estimated coefficients with the reference coefficients shows rapid and stable convergence for a variety of pilot inputs. Starting with simple doublet and sin wave commands, and followed by more complicated continuous pilot inputs, estimated aerodynamic coefficients have been shown to match the actual coefficients with a high degree of accuracy. This estimator is also shown to be superior to model reference or adaptive estimators, it is able to handle positive and negative estimated parameters and control inputs along with guaranteeing Lyapunov stability during convergence.  2012 by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Inc. All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Computer Science Applications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Scalability and robustness analysis of a multi-agent based self-healing resource-flow system	2012	2012 Federated Conference on Computer Science and Information Systems, FedCSIS 2012	In resource-flow systems e.g. production lines resources are processed by agents applying certain capabilities to them. Such systems profit from self-organization like self-healing as they become more robust against failures. In this paper the development of a decentralized coordination process for such a system is described. The system is realized as a multi-agent system for the purpose of simulating large systems. Furthermore, a stochastic model is developed and compared to the simulation results. The scalability and robustness of the proposed coordination process is shown in good agreement of simulation results and analytic results for the stochastic model.  2012 Polish Info Processing Socit.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Information Systems	None
Mission planning of mobile robots and manipulators for service applications	2012	Service Robots and Robotics: Design and Application	The purpose of this chapter is to present a mission planning approach for a service robot, which is moving and manipulating objects in semi-structured and partly known indoor environments such as stores, hospitals, and libraries. The recent advances and trends in motion planning and scheduling of mobile robots carrying manipulators are presented. This chapter adds to the existing body of knowledge of motion planning for Service Robots (SRs), an approach that is based on the Bump-Surface concept. The Bump-Surface concept is used to represent the entire robot's environment through a single mathematical entity. Criteria and constraints for the mission planning are adapted to the service robots. Simulation examples are presented to show the effectiveness of the presented approach.  2012, IGI Global.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Greece	1	Engineering (all)	None
PSO-based parameters optimization of multi-robot formation navigation in unknown environment	2012	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	This paper proposed a PSO-based agorithm for parameters optimization of multi-robot formation navigation in unknown environment. In order to achieve formation navigation in unknown environment, each robot in formation adopts motor schema-based reactive control architecture which has four primitive behaviors called move-to-goal, keep-formation, avoid-static-obstacle and avoid-robot behaviors.The behavior output to direct the movement of robot is made by the combination of four primitive behaviors. Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm as an unsupervised learning method for a reactive control architecture greatly reduces the effort required to configure reactive control parameters of multi-robot formation system. The validity of this method is verified through computer simulations in different types of in environments by robot simulation software MissionLab.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	formation,MissionLab,motor schema,multi-robot,PSO,reactive control
Modeling resource management problems with activity-oriented Petri nets	2012	Proceedings - UKSim-AMSS 6th European Modelling Symposium, EMS 2012	This work presents a new methodology known as Activity-Oriented Petri Net (AOPN). AOPN is designed for modeling discrete systems where many activities compete for common system resources. AOPN let resource management issues to be handled by the underlying system in the background so that modelers can focus on modeling the activities, rather than on the resource management trivialities. By the AOPN methodology, allowing the resources managed by the underlying system provides much simpler models even for large and complex systems. Thus, the models become easy to understand, verify, and to conduct performance analysis. General Purpose Petri Net Simulator (GPenSIM) is a toolbox of functions that realizes AOPN methodology on MATLAB platform. In this work, the AOPN methodology and GPenSIM is described through a case study that involves modeling resource management for a software development project.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	10	Modeling and Simulation	Activity-Oriented Petri net,discrete event dynamic systems,GPenSIM,resource management,scheduling
CUDA code support in multiagent platform JADE	2012	International Conference on Intelligent Systems Design and Applications, ISDA	This paper describes a new feature of multi-agent framework which enables execution of GPU kernels. This brings a novel implementation of JADE CUDA Agent that accepts PTX/CUDA-C code and runs this code on GPUs. All such agents can receive PTX code or CUDA source code via ACL messages. Beyond integration of CUDA support, this paper is also focused on performance measurement of proposed solution and evaluation of final results.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Control and Systems Engineering	ACL messages,CUDA,JADE,Multi-Agent System,PTX code
Derivative-free Kalman Filtering for autonomous navigation of unmanned ground vehicles	2012	ICSCS 2012 - 2012 1st International Conference on Systems and Computer Science	The paper proposes derivative-free nonlinear Kalman Filtering and state estimation-based control for MIMO nonlinear dynamical systems, such as unmanned ground vehicles. The considered nonlinear filtering scheme which is based on differential flatness theory can be applied to the autonomous vehicle model without the need for calculation of Jacobian matrices, and in general extends the class of MIMO nonlinear systems for which derivative-free Kalman Filtering can be performed. Nonlinear systems such as unmanned ground vehicles, satisfying the differential flatness property, can be written in the Brunovsky (canonical) form via a transformation of their state variables and control inputs. After transforming the nonlinear system to the canonical form it is straightforward to apply the standard Kalman Filter recursion. The performance of the proposed derivative-free nonlinear filtering scheme is tested through simulation experiments on the problem of state estimation-based control for autonomous navigation of unmanned ground vehicles.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	1	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering	None
Game theory in wireless and cognitive radio networks- Coexistence perspective	2012	IEEE Symposium on Wireless Technology and Applications, ISWTA	The coexistence of traditional radio systems in factory automation operating in parallel may be achieved by decoupling the spectrum either in time, frequency, space or code. There is a growing interest in cognitive radio (CR) to overcome a spectrum scarcity problem. The CR is intended to coexist with primary users (PUs) by using either of the white, grey or black spectrum holes by using the software and the hardware re-configurability. It is considered as a future radio technology that will be aware of its surrounding environment, internal state and can make the strategic decisions about its radio operating behavior to achieve the predefined objectives. The game theory is a dominating paradigm which can be used to analyze the strategic interaction for decision makers (cognitive nodes) in cooperative or competitive environments for complex decision situations. This contribution focuses firstly on how game theory can be applied in industrial wireless systems, especially concerning the interference reduction interests for mobile industrial applications and their real-time QoS requirements e. g. automated guided vehicles in industrial automation network for connecting the field devices: sensors and actuators. Secondly, it focuses on how the Bayesian games of incomplete information can be applied in industrial cognitive radio networks, where the moving nodes (e. g. Robotics) have some uncertainty about the other player's payoffs. The statistical learning techniques and a radio environment map (REM) can be used to map the uncertainties (by Bayes' rule).  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	6	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing	Bayesian games,coexistence,cognitive radio networks,cooperative games,dynamic spectrum access,game theory,Nash equilibrium,non-cooperative games
Design patterns for distributed automation systems with consideration of non-functional requirements	2012	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	The consequence of the increase of automation and therefore the growing complexity of automation tasks is a necessity for using distributed control architectures. This implicates a support for developers in the engineering of such distributed automation systems. For this reason, this paper focuses on the design support of distributed automation systems by use of design patterns. Important aspects are the consideration of non-functional requirements in design patterns and the integration of design patterns into the engineering workflow. This paper presents a design pattern template which supports developers with predefined automation functions which are assigned to a system function and in their selection of an appropriate distribution of automation functions, taking relevant non-functional requirements into account.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	16	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Communication architecture based on intelligent autonomous vehicles for container terminals	2012	2012 12th International Conference on ITS Telecommunications, ITST 2012	Automated container terminal is one of the most important confined areas that have attracted extensive research interests over last decade. To improve productivity, as well as enhance operational efficiency of a sea port, automated container terminals must play an important role in global cargo transportation by saving energy consumption, reducing the service cost and increasing the cargo throughput. To achieve these requirements, the development of reliable heterogeneous communication system among all communicating objects such as Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles (IAV), Confined Base Station (CBS) and RFID-based container that communicate inside container terminals, becomes a paramount objective. This communication system has specific challenges comparing to classical vehicular communication systems ones by emphasizing mainly on IAV-to-IAV, IAV-to-CBS and IAV-to- RFID-based container communications. Our aim in this paper is to introduce the IAV architecture dealing with IAVs based communication system, and then present candidate communication technologies for port container terminals. Further discussions about challenging issues will also be provided.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	1	Computer Networks and Communications	Graph theory,Intelligent autonomous vehicles,Intelligent transportation system,Model based supervision,Port container terminals,Wireless technologies
Accurate FMCW radar-based indoor localization system	2012	2012 IEEE International Conference on RFID-Technologies and Applications, RFID-TA 2012	An accurate ranging system based on FMCW (Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave) Radar is presented. The system ensures a centimetre precision even in environments with high multipath, such as warehouses packed with metallic objects or extremely dusty sites where conventional RF, laser, ultrasonic or video technologies present severe limitations. The proposed solution has been experimentally applied in Automatic Guided Vehicle for warehouses. The architecture of the system and the obtained results are presented in detail.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	6	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	None
A control oriented model for manual-pick warehouses	2012	Control Engineering Practice	Nowadays the low cost of wireless communications allows the real time monitoring of the state of manual-pick warehouse systems making possible the real time control of these systems. At this aim, an approach based on a two-level model is presented in this paper. At the lower level, Petri nets are used to build online a model representing the active missions state and to detect conflicts among resources. At the upper level, logical expressions are used to add constraints for a single mission or item. The model is proved to be effective for online monitoring, scheduling and rescheduling of warehouse activities.  2012 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Colored Timed Petri nets,Discrete event systems,Optimization,Petri nets,Warehouse automation
Collaborative exploration based on simultaneous localization and mapping	2012	Robotic Vision: Technologies for Machine Learning and Vision Applications	This chapter focuses on the study of SLAM taking into account different strategies for modeling unknown environments, with the goal of comparing several methodologies and test them in real robots even if they are heterogeneous. The purpose is to combine them in order to reduce the exploration time. Indubitably, it is not an easy work because it is important to take into account the problem of integrating the information related with the changes into the map. In this way, it is necessary to obtain a representation of the surrounding in an efficiently way. Furthermore, the author is interested in the collaboration between robots, because it is well-known that a team of robots is capable of completing a given task faster than a single robot. This assumption will be checked by using both simulations and real robots in different experiments. In addition, the author combines the benefits of both vision-based and laser-based systems in the integration of the algorithms.  2013, IGI Global.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Spain	1	Computer Science (all)	None
Networks flow applications	2012	Graph Theory for Operations Research and Management: Applications in Industrial Engineering	In this chapter, some applications of network flow problems are addressed based on each type of problem being discussed. For example, in the case of shortest path problems, their concept in facility layout, facility location, robotics, transportation, and very large-scale integration areas are pointed out in the first section. Furthermore, the second section deals with the implementation of the maximum flow problem in image segmentation, transportation, web communities, and wireless networks and telecommunication areas. Moreover, in the third section, the minimum-cost flow problem is discussed in fleeting and routing problems, petroleum, and scheduling areas. Meanwhile, a brief explanation about each application as well as some corresponding literature and research papers are presented in each section. In addition, based on available literature in each of these areas, some research gaps are identified, and future trends as well as chapter's conclusion are pointed out in the fourth section.  2013, IGI Global.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	1	Decision Sciences (all)	None
Networks	2012	Graph Theory for Operations Research and Management: Applications in Industrial Engineering	This chapter sheds light on various aspects of network theory and relevant concepts including basic definitions, the most common types of network flow problems that have been studied by literature, and the main algorithms and solution approaches proposed for solving network problems.  2013, IGI Global.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	0	Decision Sciences (all)	None
Path optimization for automatic guided vehicle based on fusion algorithm of particle swarm and ant colony	2012	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Aim at search precocity of particle swarm algorithm and slow convergence speed problem for ant colony algorithm, in the automatic guided vehicle path optimization a path optimization algorithm is proposed, which is fused by particle swarm algorithm and ant colony algorithm. Firstly, robot motion space model of the algorithm is created using link figure. After got fixed circulation rapid global, search to get more optimal path by means of improved fastest convergence ant system, then using a particle ants information communication method to update pheromone, finally, optimal path is drew. The simulation experiment shows that, even in the complex environment, this algorithm can also has the advantage of ant colony algorithm to optimize the result accurately and particle swarm algorithm local optimization accurately and rapidly, and a global security obstacle avoidance of optimal path is plot, the route is shorten 8% compare than the general ant colony algorithm.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	AGV,Ant colony algorithm,Global optimization,Particle swarm algorithm
Design and control of material transport system for automated guided vehicle	2012	Proceedings of the 2012 UKACC International Conference on Control, CONTROL 2012	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) is used widely in many industrial applications to transport materials. A long-travel material transport system is designed and controlled in this paper for a unit load AGV to transfer the material pallet from AGV to the load stand and back, including a both-side three-level push-pull load-transfer mechanism and a programmable logic controller (PLC). AGV follows the path of the magnetic tapes in the floor, and locates itself according to the RFID tags beside the load stand. The PLC detects the docking position of AGV and the load stand, and controls the horizontal and vertical movement of the load-transfer mechanism by using a stepper motor and an electric push rod. The load transfer experiments of our AGV testify the performance of this material transport system.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicle,load transfer,material transport,mechanism control
The study on production performances of part transporter in flexible manufacturing system by using simulation method	2012	Advanced Materials Research	Material handling is one of major components in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). Any improvement of material handling capability is to affect the performance of the whole system. This paper discusses the simulation study on the effect of part arrival rate and dispatching rules to the average waiting time and production rate of the FMS. The facilities of the system were modeled into simulation environment by using Arena Simulation Software. The production parameters such as machine processing times, part transportation speed and type of products were put into the model to represent the behaviors of the real system. Two rules have been considered in the study, i. e. first come first served (FCFS), and shortest processing time (SPT). Average waiting time and productivity were taken into account as performance measures of the system. The result of the study showed that SPT rule gives shorter average waiting time and higher productivity. Based on this result, the SPT rules would be used to control part transporter in order to have a better performance of the FMS.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Engineering (all)	Flexible Manufacturing System,Part transporter,Production performance and simulation study
Design of automatic guided vehicles based on computer control	2012	Advanced Materials Research	The automated Guided Vehicles is the development trend of modern automated warehousing technology, which can realize the flexible transport, the use of flexible, high transport efficiency, energy saving, no pollution, significant savings in labor costs. The paper gave a brief introduction about the structure and function of the AGV, and a detailed description about the movement mathematical model and navigation calculation of the AGV. In the end the paper designed the control system of the AGV.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Agv,Motion model,Navigation calculate,Structure and composition
Development of a component-based machining centre selection model using AHP	2012	International Journal of Production Research	Machining centres are widely used in manufacturing companies all over the world. Since investments in machining centres are long-term and expensive, selection of the most appropriate machining centre is an important decision for manufacturing companies. There has been considerable effort spent in developing crisp and fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) models that use technical specifications provided by machining-centre manufacturers such as, axis size, power, spindle speed, tolerance, repeatability, cutting-tool change time, and number of cutting tools along with other economical and commercial factors. However, the technical specifications are directly taken from machining-centre manufacturers catalogues without checking their correctness, adequacies, or ability to represent the areas that are used for measurement. In such a case, one cannot be sure whether the outcomes are sound or not without a detailed check of the technical specifications, which can only be performed after actual usage of the machine itself. To overcome all such problems, an analytic hierarchy process (AHP) model that evaluates the machining centre components is developed in this paper. The new component-based AHP model is then compared with two MCDM models that use only technical specification values.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	19	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analytic hierarchy process (AHP),Machine selection,Machining-centre components
Most permissive liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisors for flexible manufacturing systems	2012	International Journal of Production Research	This paper presents a deadlock prevention approach to find a maximally permissive liveness-enforcing pure Petri net supervisor, expressed by a set of monitors, for a flexible manufacturing system (FMS), if such a supervisor exists. Otherwise, it derives the most permissive one in the sense that there are no other Petri net supervisors that are more permissive than it. The proposed approach computes the reachability graph of a plant model only once. By using a vector covering approach, the sets of legal markings and first-met bad markings (FBMs) are reduced to two smaller ones, namely the minimal covering set of legal markings and the minimal covered set of FBMs. At each iteration, an FBM is selected. By solving an integer linear programming problem (ILPP), a place invariant (PI) is designed to prevent the FBM from being reached while no marking in the minimal covering set of legal markings is forbidden. If the ILPP has no solution, implying that there is no maximally permissive Petri net supervisor for the plant net model, another ILPP is designed to remove the least number of legal markings whose reachability conditions contradict others. Then, a PI is redesigned to ensure that the remaining legal markings are reachable. This process is carried out until no FBM can be reached. Finally, a most permissive liveness-enforcing supervisor is obtained. FMS examples are presented to illustrate the proposed approaches.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Behavioural permissiveness,Deadlock prevention,Discrete event simulation,FMS,Petri nets
Real-time indoor surveillance based on smartphone and mobile robot	2012	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN)	The purpose of this study is to integrate image processing techniques, fuzzy theory, wireless communications, and smartphone to a wheeled mobile robot (WMR) for real-time object recognition, tracking and indoor surveillance. Image processing and fuzzy control algorithms are coded by C# language. Zigbee is utilized to transmit command signals between webcam, WMR, and computer. The WMR uses webcam to capture its surroundings. Classification of color features is based on Hue-Saturation-Value (HSV) color space. The WMR calculates the relative position of the target object through image processing and distance computation algorithms. Fuzzy system is applied to servo motor of the WMR and robot controller design. The WMR is applied to surveillance usage, it can be controlled remotely by a smartphone via WIFI and perform indoor patrol and monitor its surroundings. The home site conditions can be clearly seen on the smartphone. Experiments show that the proposed control design and system integration of the wheeled mobile robot works well in indoor real-time surveillance.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	12	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	autonomous mobile robot,fuzzy control,image process,smartphone,surveillance
Fuzzy based obstacle avoidance for mobil robots with Kinect sensor	2012	LINDI 2012 - 4th IEEE International Symposium on Logistics and Industrial Informatics, Proceedings	This article describes an improved version of a fuzzy-based navigational system and compares the developed system with the Caversan [11] navigational method that was used as a basis of our approach. Our system (which uses a Mamdani-type fuzzy controller that has sixteen rules, three inputs and one output) has better algorithms for both the path planning and for the avoiding of obstacles. This is because our approach takes into consideration both the point-like obstacles in the front, the close walls, and the obstacles on the left as well; these are the aspects where the reference system makes a false assumption and the robot continues going straight forward. Our new system does a sharp turn if it detects an obstacle that is close, and goes on an almost ideal track if the obstacles are further away. The developed system was tested both in the MATLAB fuzzy simulator and using an autonomously moving robotic car as well; and it was determined that the robot is capable of navigation in real time while it avoids the obstacles. Since the evaluation of the environment is done using Kinect and infra-based distance-detection sensors, we introduced a new fuzzyfication method. Because of this, the parameters of the original method had to be adjusted to match the sensor's field of view and area of detection (this had to be done separately for the distances on the sides and in the front as well).  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	20	Information Systems	None
Workflow and decision support for the design of distributed automation systems	2012	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN)	Distribution of automation functions onto several controllers has become a widely applied answer to the demands of huge and complex automated systems. Distributed networked automation systems offer advantages regarding various nonfunctional requirements, such as flexibility, availability and maintainability. On the other hand, they impose additional challenges, e.g. for fulfilling the real-time requirements. Control engineers face difficulties in coping with all non-functional requirements when designing distributed networked automation systems, as there are trade-offs between them. A complete and detailed model of the automation system, including all computation and network effects, is usually not available. Therefore, control engineers have a demand for support when making design decisions for distributed networked automation systems. In this contribution, the authors propose an engineering workflow which allows dealing with the design decisions and the non-functional requirements in an appropriate order, and underpins the need for additional support regarding design alternatives.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	automation,distributed application,distributed networked automation system,engineering workflow,model
The establishment and solution of coupling model on coordinated scheduling of handling facilities in container terminals	2012	Applied Mathematics and Information Sciences	The logistics operation of container terminal can be exploded into several subsystems which are correlative, these subsystems connect by some handling facilities. This paper study the coordinated scheduling of three main kinds of facilities-Quay Crane(QC),Yard Truck(YT) and Yard Crane(YC), use multidisciplinary variable coupling design optimization method(MVCDO) to build YT coordinated scheduling coupling model based on QC, obtain the YT coordinated scheduling scheme faced multi- working lanes. This paper presents a new way of studying the coordinated scheduling of handling facilities in container terminals through building coupling model.  2012 NSP Natural Sciences Publishing Cor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Analysis,Numerical Analysis,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	Container terminals,Coordinated scheduling,Coupling model,Handling facilities,Multidisciplinary variable coupling design optimization method
A novel strategy for yard trailer scheduling in container terminals	2012	Journal of Convergence Information Technology	In this paper, a novel strategy is proposed for yard trailer scheduling in container terminals. Firstly a novel scheduling approach is proposed, which is an enriched scheduling strategy oriented to the entire terminal, but not to a specific operation line. And then, an integer programming model is developed for the problem based on scheduling strategy. Accordingly, the objective functions of the model are subject to the minimization of the total transportation time and total transportation energy consumption of all tasks. Due to the computational scale with regard to the problem, a heuristic algorithm based Hungarian algorithm is then employed. Furthermore, by considering the dynamic feature of generation and completion of tasks, a novel approach of algorithm implementation is proposed. Finally, computational experiments are conducted to validate the performance of the proposed approaches for yard trailer scheduling.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Container terminal,Hungarian algorithm,Integer programming,Oriented to the entire terminal,Yard trailer scheduling
A new targets matching method based on epipolar geometry	2012	Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Virtual Environments, Human-Computer Interfaces, and Measurement Systems,VECIMS	In this paper, a multi-targets matching method to the epipolar line is proposed. The method, which is combined with a bundle of adjustment processes, is based on the epipolar plane, as opposed to method which is based on the 2D intersection of the epipolar line. During the procedure, the photogrammetric network is refined and strengthened as matching targets are gradually identified and introduced. An epipolar plane is defined such that the cause of such ambiguities can be eliminated by restricting the viewpoints used in the matching process. The new method has been found to be valid in the general case, and appears particularly suited to accurate industrial measurement.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	adjustment,epipolar line,multi-targets matching,photogrammetric network
Topological arrangements of M/G/c/K, M/G/c/c queues in transportation and material handling systems	2012	Computers and Operations Research	Finite buffer, single server queues with general service times along with state dependent queues were shown to be robust with respect to the general flow processes in transportation and material handling systems (MHS). This paper examines the integration of multi-server and state dependent queues and the robustness properties in these queueing network models. It is also shown that the topological arrangements problem (TAP) in a finite queueing network is NP-Hard. Extensive computational results are included to test the properties of these network models to changes in service times, buffers, and other MHS network parameters.  2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	13	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Material handling systems,Topological network design
Evolutionary pinning control and its application in UAV coordination	2012	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	Maximizing the controllability of complex networks by selecting appropriate nodes and designing suitable control gains is an effective way to control distributed complex networks. In this paper, some novel particle swarm optimization (PSO) approaches are developed to enhance the controllability of distributed networks. The proposed PSO algorithm is combined with a global search scheme and a modified simulated binary crossover (MSBX). In addition, the node importance-based method is introduced to study the controllability of distributed complex networks. A set of experiments show that the PSO with the global search and the MSBX (PSO-GSBX) can outperform some well-known evolutionary algorithms and pinning schemes. Following the PSO-GSBX approach, some interesting findings about pinned nodes, coupling strengths and the eigenvalues for enhancing the controllability of distributed networks are revealed. The obtained results and methods are applied in unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) coordination to show their effectiveness. These findings will help to understand controllability of complex networks and can be applied in control science and industrial system.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	111	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed complex networks,evolutionary computation,particle swarm optimization (PSO),pinning control,unmaned aerial vehicle (UAV)
Stacker-reclaimer scheduling in a dry bulk terminal	2012	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	A dry bulk terminal acts as a multi-modal interface for transhipping iron ores. Stacker-reclaimers are the dedicated equipments in storage yard for iron ore handling. Both unloading and loading processes are supported by stackerreclaimers in most cases. The operation efficiency of dry terminals heavily depends on the productivity of stackerreclaimers. This paper discusses the stacker-reclaimer scheduling problem with the objective of minimising the maximum completion time. The scheduling problem is formulated as a mixed integer programming model, and a lower bound for it is introduced. Using two types of chromosome representations and related operators, genetic algorithms are developed for solving the considered problem since it is NP-hard in nature. Computational experiments are carried out to compare and evaluate the performances of the proposed genetic algorithms. Computational results show that the one-string chromosome presentation with greedy assignment strategy performs better than the existing two-string chromosome presentation in the implementation of genetic algorithms.  2012 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dry bulk terminal,Genetic algorithm,Lower bound,Stacker-reclaimer scheduling
A study of optimal allocation of computing resources in cloud manufacturing systems	2012	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	As a new advanced service-oriented networked manufacturing model, cloud manufacturing (CMfg) has been proposed recently. The optimal allocation of computing resources (OACR) is a core part for implementing CMfg. High heterogeneity, high dynamism, and virtualization make the OACR problem more complex than the traditional scheduling problems in grid system or cloud computing system. In this paper, a new comprehensive model for OACR is proposed in the CMfg system. In this model, all main computation, communication, and reliability constraints in the special circumstances are considered. To solve the OACR problem, a new improved niche immune algorithm was presented. Associated with the niche strategy, new heuristics are designed flexibly based on the characteristics of the problem and pheromone is added for adaptive searching. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the designed heuristic information and show NIA's high performances for addressing the OACR problem compared with other intelligent algorithms.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2012.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	108	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cloud manufacturing (CMfg),Computing resources,Intelligent algorithms,Optimal allocation
A vision-based guidance method for autonomous guided vehicles	2012	2012 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2012	Guiding technology is one of the key technologies for the automated guided vehicles (AGV). A vision-based guiding system obtains the environment image with a camera, gets the parameters of the road by processing the image and guides the AGV navigations. Although pasting color or reflecting tape on the ground as a guide line can provide road information for an AGV, but since the tape can not provide position information for the AGV, it is necessary to use other devices to get the position information. A new vision-based guiding method which makes use of a novel artificial landmark called MR (Mobile Robot) code, is presented in this paper, and a localization algorithm using the MR code is also given. Since the paper-made MR codes can be pasted on the path easily, and can provides position and navigation information for an AGV, it can be used easily in a production line. Experiments have also been carried out to show the effectiveness and practicality of the proposed method.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,artificial landmark,localization,navigation
Rainfall prediction in the northeast region of Thailand using Modular Fuzzy Inference System	2012	IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems	In water management systems, accurate rainfall forecasting is indispensable for operation and management of reservoir, and flooding prevention because it can provide an extension of lead-time of the flow forecasting. In general, time series prediction has been widely applied to predict rainfall data. The conventional time series prediction models or artificial neural networks can be used to perform this task. However, such models are difficult to interpret by human analyst. From a hydrologist's point of view, the accuracy of the prediction and understanding the prediction model are equally important. This study proposes the use of a Modular Fuzzy Inference System (Mod FIS) to predict monthly rainfall data in the northeast region of Thailand. The experimental results show that the proposed model can be a good alternative method to provide both accurate results and human-understandable prediction mechanism.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	6	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	Fuzzy Inference System,Northeast Region of Thailand,Rainfall Prediction,Seasonal Time Series
Non-blocking supervisors synthesis for a class of generalized Petri nets based on proper resource allocation	2012	2012 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2012	This work presents a deadlock prevention policy in polynomial complexity for a class of generalized Petri nets, namely G-systems, which allows multiple resource acquisitions and flexible routings with assembly and disassembly operations. The proposed method aims to properly adjust resource allocation requirements of the various requesting processes in terms of different resource partial orders. Consequently, the supervised system has no deadlock state by imposing on the operation places a set of linear inequality controllability constraints that are implemented by monitors. Moreover, a structurally simple liveness-enforcing net supervisor can be obtained after the redundant constraints are removed. The proposed method can usually lead to a suboptimal supervisor with high computational efficiency than the existing methods. Finally, an application of this method to a G-system is presented.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Deadlock Prevention,G-systems,Petri nets,Resource allocation
Design and analysis of visualization techniques for mobile robotics development	2012	Journal of WSCG	Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) algorithms are of vital importance in mobile robotics. This paper presents novel Augmented Reality (AR) visualization techniques for SLAM algorithms, with the purpose of assisting algorithm development. We identify important algorithm invariants and parameters and combine research in uncertainty visualization and AR, to develop novel AR visualizations, which offer an effective perceptual and cognitive overlap for the observation of SLAM systems. A usability evaluation compares the new techniques with the state-of-the-art inferred from the SLAM literature. Results indicate that the novel correlation and color-mapping visualization techniques are preferred by users and more effective for algorithm observation. Furthermore the AR view is preferred over the non-AR view, while being at least similarly effective. Since the visualizations are based on general algorithm properties, the results can be transferred to other applications using the same class of algorithms, such as Particle Filters.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	0	Software,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computational Mathematics	Algorithm visualisation,Augmented reality,Human-robot interfaces,Robot programming
Towards implementation and autonomous navigation of an intelligent Automated Guided Vehicle in Material Handling Systems	2012	Iranian Journal of Science and Technology - Transactions of Mechanical Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) have been a conventional solution and choice made by many manufacturing enterprises as means for Flexible Material Handling Systems (FMHS). In recent years, a considerable number of these vehicles have been installed on shop floors worldwide, effectively proving the usefulness of material handling systems. However, the increasing complexity of demand as well as a need for "make to order" rather than "make to stock" policy implies usage of more intelligent material handling solutions. This paper discusses the usage of an intelligent AGV as means for FMHS which should have Intelligent Material Handling System (IMHS) as the final outcome. This paper presents the experimental results of hybrid robotic control architecture. To evaluate the performance of the architecture, a mobile robot built on LEGO ® Mindstorms NXT technology was used. Some of the architectural modules are based on the implementation of Artificial Neural Networks in order to achieve the needed robustness in exploitation. Then, through simulation using AnyLogic ® 6 software, the performance in terms of manufacturing system effectiveness and workstation utilization is analyzed. Based on the experimental results, the proposed IMHS can have significant advantages over conventional material handling systems.  Shiraz University.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	7	Computational Mechanics,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Artificial Neural Networks,Discrete event simulation,Flexible Material Handling System,Intelligent automated guided vehicle
Genetic algorithm solving capacitated automatic guided vehicle system for scheduling problems	2012	Advanced Materials Research	In this article, through the in-depth analysis of handling techniques of scrap material in a cigarette factory and working trait of automatic guided vehicle (AGV), and considering the capacitated of AGV transportation, a new scheduling policy is proposed for its transit of the scrap in one manufacture unit, a capacitated GA model is also proposed to solve AGV scheduling problems. Based on self-learning and the improved GA, and considering the compromising solutions for the capacitated of AGV, the real-time scheduling policy of AGV is provided. The rule of encoding, selecting, crossover selection and variation probability is studied. The results of the simulation calculation and application in the cigarette factory have been effectively improved, and the example proves that the research is feasible and effective.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Genetic algorithm (GA),The compromising solution
An integrated scheduling and material-handling approach for complex job shops: A computational study	2012	International Journal of Production Research	We suggest an extension of the shifting bottleneck heuristic for complex job shops that takes the operations of automated material-handling systems (AMHS) into account. The heuristic is used within a rolling horizon approach. The job-shop environment contains parallel batching machines, machines with sequence-dependent setup times, and re-entrant process flows. Jobs are transported by an AMHS. Semiconductor wafer fabrication facilities (wafer fabs) are typical examples for manufacturing systems with these characteristics. Our primary performance measure is total weighted tardiness (TWT). The shifting bottleneck heuristic (SBH) uses a disjunctive graph to decompose the overall scheduling problem into scheduling problems for single machine groups and for transport operations. The scheduling algorithms for these scheduling problems are called subproblem solution procedures (SSPs). We consider SSPs based on dispatching rules. In this paper, we are also interested in how much we can gain in terms of TWT if we apply more sophisticated SSPs for scheduling the transport operations. We suggest a Variable Neighbourhood Search (VNS) based SSP for this situation. We conduct simulation experiments in a dynamic job-shop environment in order to assess the performance of the suggested algorithms. The integrated SBH outperforms common dispatching rules in many situations. Using near to optimal SSPs leads to improved results compared with dispatching based SSPs for the transport operations.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	23	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated material handling,complex job shops,rolling horizon,shifting bottleneck heuristic,simulation-based performance assessment
Optimal buffer allocation in flexible manufacturing systems using genetic algorithm and simulation	2012	Journal of Advanced Mechanical Design, Systems and Manufacturing	Over the past few decades, buffer allocation problems have been investigated extensively. It is widely known that buffers play important roles in the manufacturing system, including preparing disruption and improving efficiency. However, due to a physical limit for buffer space and the related cost burden, optimal buffer allocation has become an important issue. In this paper, a solution for optimal buffer allocation in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) with finite buffers is presented. Unlike most previous studies, which mainly focused on input buffers only and operation dispatching in simple production lines, this paper considers both input and output buffers together in complex production lines where multiple workstations, multiple automatic guided vehicles, and complicated paths exist. Also, we address a practical buffer allocation problem by increasing total number of buffers and changing a buffer profile (capacities of multiple input/output buffers). A simulation and a genetic algorithm are used to solve our problem. While the simulation models the process of the complex FMS, the genetic algorithm determines the optimal buffer allocation. The proposed solution performs better than the conventional heuristic used in practice. Copyright  2012 by JSME.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Buffer Allocation,Flexible Manufacturing System,Genetic Algorithm,Simulation
Optimal vehicle allocation for an Automated Materials Handling System using simulation optimisation	2012	International Journal of Production Research	The Automated Materials Handling System (AMHS) in the semiconductor industry plays a vital role in reducing wafer cycle times and enhancing fabrication facility (fab) productivity. Due to the complexity of the manufacturing process and the stochasticity introduced by the inherent variability of processing times, the vehicle allocation for the AMHS is a challenging task, especially in 300mmwafer fabs where the AMHS comprises both the interbay and intrabay systems to perform the timely deliveries. This paper studied the vehicle allocation problem in a typical 300mmwafer fab. We formulated it as a simulation optimisation problem and proposed a conceptual framework to handle the problem. A discrete event simulation model was developed to characterise the AMHS, and the technique of simulation optimisation was applied to obtain the optimal vehicle allocation for both the interbay and intrabay systems. To demonstrate the feasibility and advantages of the simulation optimisation approach, a photobay example was used to compare the solution derived from the analytical model and simulation optimisation model. Finally, an empirical problem based on real data was conducted to show the viability of the proposed framework in practice.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	20	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Materials Handling System (AMHS),semiconductor manufacturing,simulation optimisation
Scheduling of vehicles in the material handling systems based on the Mixed Integer Programming model	2012	Proceedings of 2012 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, SOLI 2012	Material handling system is widely required in various segments of manufacturing and logistics industries. Optimizing the schedule of its vehicles is very important for reducing costs and increasing efficiency. A new Mixed Integer Programming (MIP) model is presented in this paper for scheduling the vehicles of a practical material handling system within a given time window. By selecting the decision variables appropriately, the objective function and the constraints are simplified, and it is formulated as a linear mixed integer problem with reasonable scale. The system dynamics is incorporated analytically within the optimization framework so that the efficient MIP solver CPLEX can be applied to obtain the optimal schedule. Numerical results demonstrate the effectiveness of the new model in comparison with the models and the methods used in industry.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Strategy and Management,Information Systems	None
Heuristics on optimal vehicle routing for permutation circulation-type vehicle routing system with short-cut	2012	CSAE 2012 - Proceedings, 2012 IEEE International Conference on Computer Science and Automation Engineering	We treat with an automated material handling system which we call Permutation Circulation-type Vehicle Routing System with short-cut (denoted PCVRS). In the PCVRS a fleet of vehicles unidirectionally and repeatedly circulates on a single loop, and carry items to stations which are placed along the loop. One of the important issues for the PCVRS to be efficiently operated is to minimize interference or blocking between vehicles, which may deteriorate system performances. We analyze three vehicle routing rules which allocate jobs to station and show effect of optimization for a real system by means of simulation.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Artificial Intelligence	interferences,material handling system,optimization,routing rules,vehicle routing
Vehicle requirement analysis of an AGV system using discrete-event simulation and data envelopment analysis	2012	Proceedings - 2012 8th International Conference on Computing Technology and Information Management, ICCM 2012	Deployment of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) as a material transportation system (MTS) within a manufacturing plant is becoming more common. It is due to the reasons that AGV systems provide higher flexibility and reliability attributes compared to the other transportation system. In order to establish an AGV system, it is critical for an organization to determine their vehicle requirements. This paper proposes simulation-based vehicle requirement estimation for multi-load AGV operation in manufacturing industry.  2012 AICIT.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Automated Guided Vehicle,Data Envelopment Analysis,material transportation system,multi-load capacity
Exact and heuristic solutions to minimize total waiting time in the blood products distribution problem	2012	Advances in Operations Research	This paper presents a novel application of operations research to support decision making in blood distribution management. The rapid and dynamic increasing demand, criticality of the product, storage, handling, and distribution requirements, and the different geographical locations of hospitals and medical centers have made blood distribution a complex and important problem. In this study, a real blood distribution problem containing 24 hospitals was tackled by the authors, and an exact approach was presented. The objective of the problem is to distribute blood and its products among hospitals and medical centers such that the total waiting time of those requiring the product is minimized. Following the exact solution, a hybrid heuristic algorithm is proposed. Computational experiments showed the optimal solutions could be obtained for medium size instances, while for larger instances the proposed hybrid heuristic is very competitive. Copyright  2012 Amir Salehipour and Mohammad Mehdi Sepehri.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	4	Management Science and Operations Research	None
Approach to methods of network services exploitation	2012	Advances in Intelligent and Soft Computing	The chapter is focused on the methods of network services exploitation. The approach is based on two streams of data: dependability factors and the features defined by the type of business service realized. The dependability means the combination of the reliability and functional parameters of the network. We try to analyze two types of sophisticated systems: discrete transport systems and the computer networks. The proposed method is based on modeling and simulating of the system behavior. This way it is possible to operate with large and complex networks described by various-not only classic-distributions and set of parameters. The results are converted to the unified system description and generic model. The model can be used as a source to create different measures-also for the economic quality of the network systems. The presented problem is practically essential for defining and organization of network services exploitation.  2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Poland	0	Computer Science (all)	None
Task assignment and agent coordination in a warehouse environment	2012	2012 20th Mediterranean Conference on Control and Automation, MED 2012 - Conference Proceedings	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely used in warehouse and manufacturing facilities for point to point transportation of cargo. A typical objective in such facilities is space efficiency (store as many items as possible in a limited space) and throughput maximization. The two objectives are conflicting. Storing more items limits the available space for paths that can be used by the AGVs to transport goods within the facility, forcing the AGVs to take longer, more congested paths limiting the facility's throughput. Therefore, to maintain acceptable throughput, an efficient task allocation and vehicle coordination is required. In this paper we study the automation of such vehicles in a warehouse with a specific topology. In the topology considered, vehicle movement is extremely constrained making the overall system prone to deadlocks. Delays caused by deadlocks are significant and seriously affect operational performance of the warehouse. Our main objective is to derive an efficient task assignment and agent coordination policy such that the overall system throughput is maximized. We present a problem transformation derived by the constraints and we propose a specific policy which is scalable and requires minimal computational power therefore it can be applied in real time.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Cyprus	3	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Fuzzy-PID based deviation-correcting control system for laser guided AGV	2012	Proceedings of 2012 International Conference on Modelling, Identification and Control, ICMIC 2012	The primary focus of this work is exploitation of an intelligent control scheme to carry out deviation-correcting control for automated guided vehicles (AGVs). The proposed solution aims to be less sensitive to the parameter uncertainty, load and parameter variations, as well as meet the real-time requirement. This paper describes the deviation-correcting (position deviation and orientation deviation) control system based on fuzzy-PID analyze its performance with the laser guided AGV. The performance is evaluated through simulation experiments and the result demonstrates that the adopted fuzzy-PID control outperforms the conventional PID schemes, particularly in terms of many aspects, including response speed, steady-state error, control chatter, deviation correcting and robustness.  2012 Huazhong Univ of Sci & Tec.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	AGV,deviation-correcting,Fuzzy-PID control,laser position system
Real-time multi-attribute dispatching method for automatic guided vehicle system	2012	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	Aiming at the dispatching problem of automatic guided vehicle system under manufacturing environment, a Real-time Multi-attribute Dispatching Method(RMDM)was proposed. A manufacturing system model considering both processing subsystem and transportation subsystem was built. The system attributes such as input and output buffer statuses were selected to evaluate the urgency of tasks. All non-urgent tasks were temporarily forbidden to improve the efficiency of processing subsystem. To ensure the manufacturing system to be deadlock-free, heuristic dispatch rules were employed to temporarily forbid critical tasks. Empty travel distance based task assignment decision was made to improve the efficiency of transport subsystem. The simulation results showed that the proposed RMDM was more efficient than three commonly used dispatching methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Deadlock,Multi-attribute dispatching method,Scheduling
Study of AGV fleet size in flexible manufacturing environment based on simulation optimization	2012	Wuhan Ligong Daxue Xuebao (Jiaotong Kexue Yu Gongcheng Ban)/Journal of Wuhan University of Technology (Transportation Science and Engineering)	According to AGV fleet size in flexible manufacturing environment problem, a simulation optimization method is presented, and from setting up system model by simulation software Plant Simulation to solve the problem. The model consists of estimation module, simulation module, optimization module. Firstly, estimate model calculates estimate fleet size by relevant parameter, to determine the initial simulation scope. And then, related simulation has been done based on estimated values. To obtain the optimal result, the iteration between optimization algorithm and simulation experiment according to the results of ANOVA. An illustrative example verifies the feasibility and effectiveness of this proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Fleet size,Flexible manufacturing,Simulation optimization
A survey of automated guided methods	2012	Proceedings of the 2012 24th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2012	In recent years, with the rapid development of modern science and technology, more and more logistics transportation systems have already entered the era of unmanned automation. While, in this area, automated guided technologies play a key role, and new automated guided methods will constantly be put forward. Firstly, this paper introduces the automated guided methods; secondly, it introduces the key technologies in the application of automated guided; finally, it investigates the trend of the automated guided methods.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	Infrared Digital Signal,Laser,RFID (Radio Frequency Identification),Vision-Guided
Heuristics for puzzle-based storage systems driven by a limited set of automated guided vehicles	2012	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Storage systems play a vital role in industrial operations, and containment of their cost can be an important managerial issue. One way to achieve this aim is to increase storage density, i.e. to increase the area dedicated to storage and to reduce the size of aisles used to access goods. Innovative "puzzle-based" storage systems, in which shelves are moveable and hence allow the flexible arrangement of aisles, can be a promising solution, as long as retrieval times are fast enough and the required investment is not too high. The paper proposes the study of an innovativemanagement solution for puzzle-based storage systems based on AGV tractors instead of self-propelled shelves. These systems have been studied by analyzing density and retrieval time as focal design variables.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	15	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	AGV tractors,Handling strategies,Puzzle-based storage systems,Storage system design
Coincidence measurement system of concentricity and horizontality using polarizing laser for unmanned assembly of T-50 supersonic advanced trainer	2012	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	The main wings of a T-50 supersonic advanced trainer (T-50) are assembled on the fuselage using an automated guided vehicle (AGV). An AGV carrying a main wing approaches the fuselage and aligns the concentricity and horizontality of each bolt hole. Therefore, quantitatively measured concentricity and horizontality has to be fed back to the AGV in a short time span to ensure accurate alignment. Further, no electrical sensing devices are allowed in the fuselage of a T-50 during assembly because of its anti-electric shock environment. To satisfy these demands, a coincidence measurement system of concentricity and horizontality using a polarizing laser is proposed. Optical components without any electrical circuits are packaged in a small cylindrical container and positioned in a small bolt hole on the fuselage. A polarizing laser, beam splitters, analyzers, and electrical circuits are positioned on the AGV with the main wing. By analyzing the reflected polarizing laser light, concentricity and horizontality are measured quantitatively with high sensitivities, 14μm and 0.007°, respectively. Further, the feedback rate to the AGV is 3Hz and above.  KSPE and Springer 2012.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	2	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Concentricity,Horizontality,Laser,Measurement,Polarizing
A variable neighborhood search approach for planning and scheduling of jobs on unrelated parallel machines	2012	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	In this paper, we study a planning and scheduling problem for unrelated parallel machines. There are n jobs that have to be assigned and sequenced on m unrelated parallel machines. Each job has a weight that represents the priority of the corresponding customer order, a given due date, and a release date. An Automated Guided Vehicle is used to transport at maximum Loadmax jobs into a storage space in front of the machines in a given period of time. We consider tmax consecutive periods.We are interested in minimizing the total weighted tardiness of the jobs across the periods. This measure is important when we are interested in a good on-time delivery performance.We present an appropriate mixed integer program. To solve this NP-hard problem, we develop a heuristic methodology based on decomposition and variable neighborhood search (VNS). The proposed approaches are assessed using randomly generated problem instances.We compare them with a simple heuristic based on decomposition and list scheduling using the Apparent Tardiness Cost dispatching rule. The results demonstrate that the heuristic approach based on VNS performs comparably to the mixed integer program while having reasonable solution times and outperforms the simple heuristic and a genetic algorithm (GA) from previous research.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	21	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Computational experiments,Decomposition,Parallel machines,Planning,Scheduling,Variable neighborhood search
GPS/DR vehicle integrated navigation system based on Central Difference Kalman Filter	2012	Journal of Information and Computational Science	In this paper we use Central Difference Kalman Filter (CDKF) and Federal Kalman Filter (FKF) to integrate Global Positioning System (GPS) and Dead Reckoning (DR). After analyzing principles and characters of navigation and positioning system of GPS and DR, we found mathematical model of integrated system, and then we give GPS and DR data fusion of specific algorithms. At last the simulation with the integrated system is implemented. The results demonstrate that GPS/DR integrated system using CDFK has a good performance both in stability and estimation accuracy.  2012 Binary Information Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Information Systems,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Library and Information Sciences	CDKF,DR,EKF,GPS,Integration,Vehicle location
Recognition and classification for vision navigation vehicle in agricultural environment based on MSBN	2012	Proceedings of the 2012 24th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2012	To solve the uncertain problem in the agricultural environment recognition and classification for vehicles, an environment recognition algorithm for vehicles based on inference in the multiply sectioned Bayesian network (MSBN) is proposed. This method represents multiple image sensor systems into sub-Bayesian networks in the MSBN. With the existing local and global exact inference algorithm in MSBN, the presented method can improve the recognition performance by fusion multi-source partial observation evidences from sub-Bayesian networks via their effective updated belief communication among the subnets. Experimental results illustrate that this MSBN-based agricultural environment recognition and classification approach for vehicles' navigation system can provide more accurate results than the existing Bayesian network method, with the attractive handling with uncertain and incomplete observation in the single sensor system.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	Agricultural Environment,Inference,Multiply Sectioned Bayesian Network (MSBN),Recognition and Classification
The heuristic preemptive dispatching method of material transportation system in 300mm semiconductor fabrication	2012	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	The production lot of higher priority should enjoy the privilege of transportation on the shop floor because of either tough market competition or customer's urgent requirements in 300mm semiconductor manufacturing. However, based on the long term observation of wafer diffusion factories, the traffic jams happen frequently, when the overhead hoist transport is loading or unloading. This kind of traffic jams will definitely hamper the performance of the delivery of the products, specifically for those high priority lots. Therefore, this paper develops an effective dispatching rule, named heuristic preemptive dispatching rule to resolve this critical subject. This study uses a simulation method for a 300mmwafermanufacturing factory to analyze the issue and verify the results. Compare with the recent differentiated preemptive dispatching, the results demonstrate that the proposed method by this study can expedite the movement of lots and reduce lot transport time significantly with no additional investment of resources. This is a very big advantage for the capital intensive wafer manufacturing companies.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2010.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	16	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	300mm,AMHS,OHT,Preemptive,Semiconductor manufacturing
Infrared motion sensing system for human-following robots	2012	Sensors and Actuators, A: Physical	This paper presents an infrared motion sensing system for human-following robots. The proposed sensing system consists of two layers: a geometric sensing layer and a cooperative sensing layer. Through a modulation of the sensor field of view (FOV), the geometric sensing layer can generate bearing measurements of a moving human target from multiple perspectives. Through a fusion of bearing measurements from multiple perspectives, the cooperative sensing layer can localize the target and predict its moving direction for the robot to perform related actions. In this study, pyroelectric infrared (PIR) sensor arrays and Fresnel lenses are used for geometric sensing. The least square method is used for data fusion. The performance of the sensing system is evaluated through experiments of human localization and human following.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Instrumentation,Condensed Matter Physics,Surfaces, Coatings and Films,Metals and Alloys,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Human motion localization,Human-following robots,Least squares method,Pyroelectric infrared sensors,Reference structure tomography
Collision free cooperative navigation of multiple wheeled robots in unknown cluttered environments	2012	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	When employing autonomous wheeled robots, it is desirable to use navigation approaches that always prevent collisions. In this paper, we consider the problem of navigating multiple vehicles through an unknown static environment with limited sensing and communication capabilities available. We propose a decentralized, cooperative, reactive, model predictive control based collision avoidance scheme that plans short range paths in the currently sensed part of the environment, and show that it is able to prevent collisions from occurring. An auxiliary controller is employed to follow previously planned paths whenever the main path planning system fails to update the path. Simulations and real-world testing in various scenarios confirm the methods validity.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	23	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Cooperative collision avoidance,Path planning,Robot navigation,Robust model predictive control
On structural minimality of optimal supervisors for flexible manufacturing systems	2012	Automatica	This paper develops a place invariant based deadlock prevention method to obtain an optimal, i.e.; maximally permissive, liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisor with a minimal supervisory structure that means the minimal number of control places. Maximal permissiveness can be achieved by designing place invariants that make all legal markings reachable while all first-met bad markings unreachable. An integer linear programming problem is formulated to compute all place invariants and its objective function minimizes the number of place invariants, aiming to yield a minimal supervisory structure. Importantly, we develop a technique to greatly improve the efficiency of the proposed method by reducing the number of constraints and variables in the integer linear programming problem under consideration. A number of examples from the literature are used to illustrate the proposed approaches.  2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	53	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock prevention,First-met bad marking (FBM),Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net,Place invariant (PI)
Analysis of successes and failures with a tele-operated mobile robot in various modes of operation	2012	Robotica	The effect on failure rates of the way tele-operators interact with mobile robots is investigated. Human tele-operators attempted to move a robot through progressively more complicated environments with reducing gaps, as quickly as possible. Tele-operators used a joystick and either watched robots, while operating them, or used a computer screen to view scenes remotely. Cameras were either mounted on the robot to view the space ahead of the robot or mounted remotely so that they viewed both the environment and robot. Tele-operators completed tests both with and without sensors. Both an umbilical cable and a radio link were used.  2011 Cambridge University Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	28	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Mobile Robot,Sensor,Tele-Operation,Ultra-Sonic
Compressed infrared bearing sensor for human localization: Design and implementation	2012	2012 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2012	This paper presents the design and implementation of a compressed infrared bearing sensor for human localization. The developed bearing sensor consists of multiple planar co-located pyroelectric infrared (PIR) detectors with the same planar sensing coverage. The observed space of the bearing sensor is defined by partitioning the sensing area into discrete fan-shaped sampling cells. The spatial mapping from the observed space to the measurement space is built by applying the visibility masks to the Fresnel lens arrays associated with the PIR detectors. We explore the use of a compressive sensing paradigm in designing visibility masks with desirable sensing efficiency. The proposed bearing sensor is experimentally validated in the context of the cross-bearing localization of a human target with a mobile robot.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	bearing sensor,compressed sensing,cross-bearing localization,sensing efficiency
A heuristic for the container stacking problem in automated maritime ports	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In this paper, we are interested in finding efficient practical approaches to solve the Container Stacking Problem in Maritime Ports. Given container arrivals in a container port terminal, the objective is to assign a slot to each one in a storage area at least cost with respect to pre-defined constraints. The cost is expressed in term of number of expected relocation movements. The constraints to respect are stack height, stack number, and departure dates. We propose to improve a previous heuristic model proposed by Mark B. Duinkerken and Ottjes (2001) based on the computation of an indactor called the "remaining stack capacity".  2012 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Container stacking,Heuristics,Maritime port,Optimization,Transportation
The machine layout within a TFT-LCD bay with a multiple-stacker crane in-line stocker	2012	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, we study the machine layout problem in a TFT-LCD (thin-film transistor liquid-crystal display) bay with a multiple-stacker crane in-line stocker. Unlike other material-handling systems, such as automated guided vehicles and conveyors that only have a transportation function, in-line stockers have both transportation and storage functions. They rely on stacker cranes to perform their transportation function. The in-line stocker in a TFT-LCD bay is often divided into zones. Each zone is served by a stacker crane. Due to its multiple-zone in-line stocker, solving a TFT-LCD bay's machine layout requires us to determine not only the positions of the machines, but also the zone division design. The objectives include the minimisation of total flow distance and the workload balance between stacker cranes. We propose a layout procedure that adopts heuristic and mathematical approaches to assist us in accomplishing the aforementioned tasks. An example problem mimicking a real-case problem was solved to illustrate the proposed layout procedure. The layout design found by the proposed layout procedure was validated with computer simulations. It was also compared with layouts obtained by approaches proposed by other researchers. The simulation and comparison results demonstrate the capability of the proposed layout method in producing a feasible and good machine layout in a TFT-LCD bay with a multiple-stacker crane in-line stocker.  2012 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	In-line stocker,Machine layout problem,TFT-LCD bay
Adaptive backstepping control of wheeled mobile robots with parameter uncertainties	2012	Kongzhi Lilun Yu Yingyong/Control Theory and Applications	Based on the dynamics model of wheeled mobile robots, an adaptive backstepping method is used to design the controller for tracking the trajectory of wheeled mobile robots with parameter uncertainties. The adaptive control laws based on the state feedback are developed with backstepping approach through a step-by-step selection of appropriate Lyapunov function. The motion stability of the wheeled mobile robot is proved by using the Lyapunov stability theory. Simulation results show that the proposed method greatly compensates the effects of parameter uncertainties and improves the system tracking accuracy and robustness, in comparison with traditional PID control laws.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive backstepping control,Parameter uncertainties,Trajectory tracking,Wheeled mobile robot
A differential game theoretic approach for two-agent collision avoidance with travel limitations	2012	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	This work presents a collision avoidance control strategy that solves the Hamilton-Jacobi-Isaacs (HJI) equation for an agent to quickly take action assuming a worst-case scenario. By doing so, the agent can develop a control strategy that is robust to the strategies of other agents with whom collision is possible. Consequently, if the governing dynamics of the agent are sufficient, then a collision can be avoided. We build on the idea of finding control solutions by using a differential game theoretic approach (Mettenheim and Breitner, 2009). This is beneficial because the opposing agent's strategy is incorporated into the control by assuming it plays the worst-case actions. The approach in this work solves the zero-sum aspects of the control on-line using a fast solution method that operates over partitions in the state space (Goode et al.; ASME J Dyn Syst Meas Control, 2011). We form the solution to the Homicidal Chauffeur game which is used to provide the control for an evader attempting to avoid a pursuer, an agent that deviates from its normal path and into that of the evader. Furthermore, the evader is constrained to remain within defined boundaries of its assigned travel area, such as a road lane, water channel, etc. The control strategy consists of three parts: (1) a zero-sum approximation of collision avoidance, (2) high-level path planning, and (3) low-level vehicle control. Each component is explained, and an example is given using a real robotic vehicle control system. Here, we show how the control can be implemented using a simple processor located on a vehicle that seeks to avoid a collision with another oncoming vehicle, making a left turn.  2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous agents,Collision avoidance,Differential games,Nonholonomic vehicles,Path planning,Pursuit-evasion
Software quality assessment using flexibility: A systematic literature review	2012	International Review on Computers and Software	Software flexibility has been viewed as one of the software quality determinant factors apart from usability, reliability and maintainability. Software expected to achieve high level of flexibility in order to comply with current dynamic nature of user requirement. However, there is no effort on systematically collect, review and synthesize article that relate to this topic. This trigger a need for a systematic literature review whereby it covers software flexibility concept in the context of software quality assessment and various perspective of quantifying it. Literature search related to software quality and flexibility reveal 360 papers, and after further reading, 29 articles identified as primary paper. Traceability metrics and mind map used to locate the current research and resolved problem in the field of software flexibility. Information regarding software flexibility measurement in assessing software quality also been extracted through literature review. This paper serves as tool for software developer to anticipate the available software flexibility measurement method and tools in the process of assessing software quality.  2012 Praise Worthy Prize S.r.l. - All rights reserved.	Journal	j	re	Review	Malaysia	2	Computer Science (all)	Extensibility,Flexibility measurement,Maintenance evaluation,Software quality assessment,Systematic literature review
An evaluation of the NERJIT priority rule in a kanban-controlled flowshop	2012	Production and Operations Management	Significant progress in production and information technologies and innovations in management of operations during the last couple of decades have made the production of small lots and deployment of Just-In-Time (JIT) concepts in flowshops possible. As a result, some researchers and practitioners have been seeking to improve the performance of non-repetitive systems using JIT concepts. In this process, the JIT concepts that were originally designed for mass production have been modified to adapt JIT to non-repetitive systems. This article uses a priority rule that is based on real-time demand and production information for sequencing jobs in a kanban-controlled flowshop. The analysis of the effect of this priority rule; the number of kanbans; the length of the withdrawal cycle; First-Come, First-Served (FCFS); and Shortest Processing Time (SPT) on four performance measures-customer wait time, total inventory, input stock-point inventory, and output stock-point inventory, shows that the use of this priority rule results in a significant reduction of customer wait time and a slight decrease in inventory.  2012 Production and Operations Management Society.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	flowshops,Just-In-Time,priority rule,simulation
A finite-time approach to formation control of multiple mobile robots with terminal sliding mode	2012	International Journal of Systems Science	In this study, a new finite-time synchronised approach is developed for multiple mobile robots formation control based on terminal sliding mode control principle and system synchronisation theory. Associated stability analysis is presented to lay a foundation for analytical understanding in generic theoretical aspects and safe operation for real systems. An illustrative example of multiple mobile robots formation control is bench tested to validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.  2012 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	57	Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications	finite-time stability,formation control,multiple mobile robots,synchronisation,terminal sliding mode
Cascade control of boiler drum with interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems	2012	ICIC Express Letters, Part B: Applications	During the boiler operation process, drum level is an important controlled variable that can determine the boiler operation state. Since the boiler drum has complex dynamical characteristics, such as the uncertainty, nonlinearity, and disturbances, it is difficult to obtain the satisfactory control performance by using the traditional PID cascade control. In this paper, a novel interval type-2 fuzzy cascade control method for the boiler drum is proposed. In the control design, the interval type-2 fuzzy logic is utilized to deal with the uncertainty and nonlinearity of the boiler drum; by establishing the fuzzy-inference rules and using Mamdani reasoning algorithm, a novel interval type- 2 fuzzy cascade controller is developed. The simulation experiments are implemented to show the effectiveness of the proposed control method.  2012 ICIC International.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all)	Boiler drum,Cascade control,Interval type-2 fuzzy logic control
Petri net decomposition approach for bi-objective routing for agv systems minimizing total traveling time and equalizing delivery time	2012	Journal of Advanced Mechanical Design, Systems and Manufacturing	In this paper, we propose Petri net decomposition approach for bi-objective optimization of conflict-free routing for AGV systems. The objective is minimizing total traveling time and equalizing delivery time simultaneously. The dispatching and conflictfree routing problem for AGVs is represented as a bi-objective optimal firing sequence problem for Petri Net. A Petri net decomposition approach is proposed to solve the bi-objective optimization problem efficiently. The convergence of the proposed algorithm is improved reducing search region by the proposed coordination method. The effectiveness of the proposed method is compared with that of a nearest neighborhood dispatching method. Computational results are provided to show the effectiveness of the proposed method. Copyright  2012 by JSME.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV routing,Bi-objective optimization,Conflict-free routing,Decomposition,Petri net,Pickup and delivery
A mission plan representation for autonomous reasoning of consequences	2012	16th Conference on Behavior Representation in Modeling and Simulation 2007, BRIMS	For an autonomous agent, the ability to assess the impact of an event on the agent's current course of action is essential if the agent is to react to events encountered during a mission. One aspect of achieving such a reasoning capability is to develop a representation for the mission plan amenable to assessment. We present the Mission Plan Dependence Graph (MPDG) and discuss its uses with respect to autonomous reasoning of consequences and replanning. This is an initial definition of the MPDG, which is part of larger reasoning model being developed. The MPDG represents a mission plan as a directed, acyclic graph explicitly representing actions, actions sequences, and dependences between actions. The model leverages concepts developed within the Program Dependence Graph program representation by applying them to planning graphs. The MPDG directly supports reasoning of primary and secondary effects of events on a mission plan, mission execution, and replanning operations. The MPDG also support multi-agent and multi-echelon planning environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Modeling and Simulation	Autonomous reasoning,Dependences,Replanning
Demo: Context-model generation for safe autonomous transport vehicles	2012	Proceedings of the 6th ACM International Conference on Distributed Event-Based Systems, DEBS'12	Autonomously operating vehicles highly depend on the quality of its sensors as they have to be aware of its surroundings to react appropriately. Currently operating automated guided vehicles cover only a limited area with their sensors and therefore can only drive at low speeds. However, as more and more sensors are available, it is essential to build a context-model, which fuses information of different sensors to cover a larger area and allow for an increased level of autonomy. In this paper, we present a context-model based on a Bayesian occupancy filter which can be queried via a data stream management system in order to provide the necessary information at any point in time. Additionally, the Bayesian filter is pessimistically as it is constructed such that probability of occupancy is always upper bounded, to ensure a sufficient level of safety. Copyright  2012 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computational Theory and Mathematics	Context model,Data stream management system,Occupancy grid
Manual convoying of automated urban vehicles relying on monocular vision	2012	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	This paper deals with platooning navigation in the context of innovative solutions for urban transportation systems. More precisely, the case of a manually driven vehicle leading a convoy of automated ones is considered. Vehicle localization relies solely on monocular vision: a 3D map of the environment is built beforehand from reference video sequences, and then used to derive vehicle absolute location from the current camera image. The 3D vision map presents however distortions w.r.t. a metric world, but these latter can be shown to be locally homogeneous. They can then be accurately corrected via a 1-dim. function evaluated with a nonlinear observer relying on odometric data. Next, the platoon reference trajectory is built as a B-Spline curve extended on-line via local optimization from the successive locations of the lead vehicle, and a global decentralized control strategy, supported by intervehicle communication, is designed to achieve accurate platooning with no oscillation within the convoy. Experimental results, carried out with two urban vehicles, demonstrate the capabilities of the proposed approach.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	5	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	automatic guided vehicles,monocular vision,nonlinear control,platooning,trajectory generation
Experimental results of an indoor navigation method based on bionic behaviors	2012	2012 IEEE International Conference on Automation, Quality and Testing, Robotics, AQTR 2012 - Proceedings	The present proposal is inspired by bionics; in this way, local path planning is developed by using the perception system under a deliberative strategy. Indoor global navigation is attained by solving local goals within an occupancy grid framework. Path-planning is computed at each perception step by using the on-robot monocular perception system and considering the detected obstacles. In this context, artificial potential fields are used for attracting the robot towards the desired coordinates. Trajectory tracking is based on reactive behaviors that are performed by using local model predictive control techniques. Global navigation is done by considering a set of local points that have to be reached using reactive behaviors. Dead reckoning problems are set to zero by selecting natural structured landmarks as local passage points that act as local attraction fields towards the goal. The research work is completed with a set of local experiments developed on a wheeled mobile robot.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
A hybrid metaheuristic algorithm for flexible job-shop scheduling problems with transportation constraints	2012	GECCO'12 - Proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Genetic and Evolutionary Computation	In this paper, we aim at solving flexible job shop scheduling problems with transportation constraints and bounded processing times. We propose a hybrid method of genetic algorithm, tabu local search and a modified shifting bottleneck procedure. The genetic algorithm is used to generate and evolve assignment for each task (processing tasks and transportation tasks). The modified shifting bottleneck procedure is used to generate initial solutions and regenerate solutions when no improvement occurs during some generations. The tabu local search is then used to improve initial solutions during a limited number of iterations. To evaluate solutions, we elaborate a modified disjunctive graph which contains not only processing nodes, but also transportation and storage nodes. There are positive and negative arcs for bounded processing times, transportation times and minimum and maximum allowed storage time before and after each processing task. Our objective is to minimize makespan. Various types of instances with fixed or bounded processing times are tested. Computational results show that this hybrid method is able to solve efficiently these kinds of problems.  2012 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	6	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	bounded processing times,genetic algorithm,job shop scheduling problem,shifting bottleneck procedure,tabu search,transportation constraint
Petri net modeling and wafer sojourn time analysis of single-arm cluster tools with residency time constraints and activity time variation	2012	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	With wafer residency time constraints, it is crucial to schedule a cluster tool in semiconductor fabrication such that the wafer sojourn time in a processing module is in a given range. However, because of the activity time variation in wafer fabrication by cluster tools, a feasible schedule obtained under the assumption of deterministic activity times may become infeasible. To solve this problem, it is critically important to reveal the wafer sojourn time fluctuations with bounded activity time variation. This paper targets at single-arm cluster tools. They are modeled by a Petri net to describe the fabrication processes. Based on the net, a real-time control policy is proposed such that its use offsets the effect of the activity time variation as much as possible. Then, the wafer sojourn time delay is analyzed and analytical expressions are given to calculate the upper bound. With the proposed method, we can check if a given schedule is feasible under bounded activity time variation. Examples are given to show the applications of the research results.  1988-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	67	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,Petri net (PN),scheduling,semiconductor manufacturing
A revised electromagnetism-like mechanism for layout design of reconfigurable manufacturing system	2012	Computers and Industrial Engineering	The layout design problem is one of the most important issues for manufacturing system design and control. A revised electromagnetism-like mechanism (REM) is proposed in this paper for the layout design of reconfigurable manufacturing systems utilizing automated guided vehicle. First, the formal model considering both loaded and empty flows is given. Then the REM is developed to solve the proposed model. In the REM, particles are encoded discretely. The charge of a particle is calculated according the total material handling cost of the particle. In the local search procedure, variable neighbourhood search strategy based on Hamming distance is adopted. In the moving procedure, the particles are moved according to the ordering of each element. To verify the effect of the proposed method, several computation cases are carried out. The computation results show that the proposed method is able to get optimal solutions for small scale problems and near optimal solutions within limited computation time for large scale problems. This indicates that the proposed method is effective and efficient. 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	28	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Electromagnetism-like mechanism,Layout design,Variable neighbourhood search
Controlling and modeling of an automated guided vehicle	2012	Proceedings of the 2012 13th International Carpathian Control Conference, ICCC 2012	In this paper the designing aspects of a path controlled three wheeler vehicle is discussed. Two of the three wheels are driven independently by DC motors. Incremental encoders are used to give feedbacks. The position of the vehicle is calculated by kinematical model assuming ideal rolling of the driven wheels. PWM signals are used to drive the motors with a given angular velocity. The separate driving electronic is controlled via I 2C protocol. A comparison is made between the real and the calculated positions of the vehicle.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	1	Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicle,path control
Creating model of open application interface for material flow control systems	2012	Proceedings of 9th International Conference, ELEKTRO 2012	The article deals with a model of application gateway and creation of an open application interface for generic Material Flow Control Systems (MFCs). The developed interface is to cover fundamental requirements of production systems for customization and real-time control of material flow within manufacturing processes. Designed solution has been tested and evaluated for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) supply system in real production environment.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	application gateway,automated guided vehicle,enterprise resource planning,manufacturing execution system,material flow control
An agent-based dynamic scheduling approach for flexible manufacturing systems	2012	Proceedings of the 2012 IEEE 16th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, CSCWD 2012	The paper presents a dynamic scheduling approach for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). The scheduling approach is implemented based on the negotiation and collaboration between agents in a multi-agent system (MAS) which represents the FMS. Through the collaboration between the agents in the MAS, the system exhibits the behavior that response to the disruption caused by dynamic events arise randomly in FMS such as jobs arrive over time and machines breakdown in real time and globally. The scheduling and controlling process is done on-line, without interrupting the system's operation and without user intervention. An experiment is conducted to evaluate the efficiency of the scheduling strategies exhibited by the proposed agent-based scheduling approach. The results demonstrate the superiority of the suggested scheduling approach as well as its capacity to cope with a fast changing environment.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software	dynamic scheduling,flexible manufacturing system,jobs arrive over time,machines breakdown,multi-agent system
Design of a control system for an autonomous vehicle based on adaptive-PID	2012	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The autonomous vehicle is a mobile robot integrating multi-sensor navigation and positioning, intelligent decision making and control technology. This paper presents the control system architecture of the autonomous vehicle, called "Intelligent Pioneer™, and the path tracking and stability of motion to effectively navigate in unknown environments is discussed. In this approach, a two degree-of-freedom dynamic model is developed to formulate the path-tracking problem in state space format. For controlling the instantaneous path error, traditional controllers have difficulty in guaranteeing performance and stability over a wide range of parameter changes and disturbances. Therefore, a newly developed adaptive-PID controller will be used. By using this approach the flexibility of the vehicle control system will be increased and achieving great advantages. Throughout, we provide examples and results from Intelligent Pioneer and the autonomous vehicle using this approach competed in the 2010 and 2011 Future Challenge of China. Intelligent Pioneer finished all of the competition programmes and won first position in 2010 and third position in 2011.  2012 Zhao et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	53	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Adaptive-PID control,Autonomous vehicle,Path-tracking,Vehicle control
Agent-oriented embedded control system design and development of a vision-based automated guided vehicle	2012	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	This paper presents a control system design and development approach for a vision-based automated guided vehicle (AGV) based on the multi-agent system (MAS) methodology and embedded system resources. A three-phase agent-oriented design methodology Prometheus is used to analyse system functions, construct operation scenarios, define agent types and design the MAS coordination mechanism. The control system is then developed in an embedded implementation containing a digital signal processor (DSP) and an advanced RISC machine (ARM) by using the multitasking processing capacity of multiple microprocessors and system services of a real-time operating system (RTOS). As a paradigm, an onboard embedded controller is designed and developed for the AGV with a camera detecting guiding landmarks, and the entire procedure has a high efficiency and a clear hierarchy. A vision guidance experiment for our AGV is carried out in a space-limited laboratory environment to verify the perception capacity and the onboard intelligence of the agent-oriented embedded control system.  2012 Xing et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicle,Control System,Embedded System,Multi-agent System,Vision Guidance
Fault detection isolation and estimation in a vehicle steering system	2012	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	Recently, a bond-graph-based fault detection and isolation (FDI) framework has been developed with a new concept of global analytical redundancy relations (GARRs) (Low, Wang, Arogeti, and Luo, 2009, 2010; Low, Wang, Arogeti, and Zhang, 2010). This new concept allows the fault diagnosis for hybrid systems which consist of both continuous dynamics and discrete modes. A failure of a safety critical system such as the steering system of an automated guided vehicle may cause severe damage. Such failure can be avoided by an early detection and estimation of faults. In this paper, the newly developed FDI method is studied in details using an electrohydraulic steering system of an electric vehicle. The steering system and faults are modeled as a hybrid dynamic system by the hybrid bond graph (HBG) modeling technique. GARRs are then derived systematically from the HBG model with a specific causality assignment. Fault detection, isolation, and estimation are applied, experimental setup is described, and results are discussed.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	64	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fault detection and isolation,fault estimation,global analytical redundancy relations,hybrid bond graph
A comprehensive constraint programming approach for the rolling horizon-based scheduling of automated wet-etch stations	2012	Computers and Chemical Engineering	This contribution introduces a novel and comprehensive way of dealing with the automated wet-etch station (AWS) scheduling problem. It first analyzes the field and points out some very important problem aspects that have not been properly addressed yet. Then, an expressive constraint programming (CP) formulation that considers all types of AWS transfer device movements is proposed. The model accounts for both (i) loaded trips the robot makes to transfer wafer lots between consecutive baths, and (ii) empty movements that take place when the device moves itself from a bath, where it has dropped a wafer lot, to another bath where it is required to pick up a different lot. The CP approach is afterward generalized in order to implement an innovative rolling horizon methodology. The proposed method allows the continuous operation of the wet-etch station, minimizing the unproductive intervals that would otherwise appear between the scheduling periods that correspond to different wafer lot sets that are fed by the previous manufacturing step. The formulation has been extensively tested with problem instances of various dimensionalities in productivity maximization scenarios, in which makespan was chosen as the performance measure. The results have demonstrated that robot unloaded movements cannot be neglected; otherwise, they may lead to incorrect schedules. Furthermore, they have shown that AWS scheduling needs to be addressed as an on-line activity.  2012 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Argentina	20	Chemical Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated wet-etch station,Constraint-programming,Multiproduct batch plants,Resource-constrained scheduling,Semiconductor manufacturing systems
Control of AGVs in decentralized autonomous FMS based on a mind model	2012	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper describes a system that can efficiently control the motion of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in decentralized autonomous flexible manufacturing systems (DA-FMS). In particular, a mind model called the minimum unit of the mind (MUM) is proposed. Because of the change of mind characteristic of MUM, the AGVs can efficiently avoid route interferences even when many AGVs are operating in DA-FMS. The components of MUM are two stimulation cells, a box, and an arrow. Using application simulations, it is ascertained that MUM is effective for avoiding AGV route interferences.  2012 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Decentralized Autonomous Systems,FMS,Mind Model,Production System
A multiple-attribute method for concurrently solving the pickup-dispatching problem and the load-selection problem of multiple-load AGVs	2012	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	The pickup dispatching and the load selection are two control problems in multiple-load AGVs. Although they affect each other and are affected by various attributes, many researchers have solved them as separate problems and adopted single-attribute methods for them. In this paper, we propose a multiple-attribute method that can solve them simultaneously. The proposed method has four stages: preparation, clustering, evaluation and execution. At the preparation stage, we calculate the weights for three attributes (i.e., slack time, waiting time and distance) that are important to our problems based on the system's current status. These weights will be useful at the second and third stages. At the clustering stage, parts needing vehicle service are clustered into part groups based on their similarity in these three attributes. At the evaluation stage, part groups are evaluated by considering these three attributes. The part group with the greatest evaluation value will be served by the AGV. At the execution stage, a procedure is proposed to assist the AGV in picking up parts efficiently. Simulations were conducted to test the performance of the proposed method in throughput, flow time, and tardiness. The results show that the proposed method outperforms not only single-attribute methods, but also methods that solve pickup dispatching and load selection separately.  2012 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	23	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Load selection,Multiple-attribute,Multiple-load AGVs,Pickup dispatching
Integrated scheduling of flexible manufacturing system using evolutionary algorithms	2012	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Effective sequencing and scheduling of the material handling system (MHS) have an impact on the productivity of the flexible manufacturing system (FMS). The MHS cannot be neglected while scheduling the production tasks. It is necessary to take into account the interaction between machines and MHS. This paper highlights the importance of integration between production schedule and MHS schedule in FMS. The Giffler and Thompson algorithm with different priority dispatching rules is developed to minimize the makespan in the FMS production schedule. Its output is used for MHS scheduling where the distance traveled and the number of backtrackings of the automated-guided vehicles are minimized using an evolutionary algorithms such as an ant colony optimization algorithm and particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. The proposed evolutionary algorithms are validated with benchmark problems. The results available for the existing algorithms are compared with results obtained by the proposed evolutionary algorithms. The analysis reveals that PSO algorithm provides better solution with reasonable computational time.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2011.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	ACO algorithm,FMS,MHS scheduling,Production scheduling,PSO algorithm
A genetic algorithm with tabu search procedure for flexible job shop scheduling with transportation constraints and bounded processing times	2012	Computers and Operations Research	In this paper, we propose a model for Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problem (FJSSP) with transportation constraints and bounded processing times. This is a NP hard problem. Objectives are to minimize the makespan and the storage of solutions. A genetic algorithm with tabu search procedure is proposed to solve both assignment of resources and sequencing problems on each resource. In order to evaluate the proposed algorithms efficiency, five types of instances are tested. Three of them consider sequencing problems with or without assignment of processing or/and transport resources. The fourth and fifth ones introduce bounded processing times which mainly characterize Surface Treatment Facilities (STFs). Computational results show that our model and method are efficient for solving both assignment and scheduling problems in various kinds of systems.  2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	96	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Bounded processing times,Disjunctive graph,Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problem with transportation,Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Robotic cell,Surface treatment facility,Tabu search
Effects of storage block layout and automated yard crane systems on the performance of seaport container terminals	2012	OR Spectrum	As a decoupling point between waterside and landside transport, the container yard plays a major role for the competitiveness of container terminals. One of the latest trends in container yard operations is the automated rail-mounted-gantry-crane system, which offers dense stacking along with high productivity. In this paper, the strategic design of rail-mounted-gantry-crane systems is investigated. A simulation study is conducted to evaluate the effects of four rail-mounted-gantry-crane systems and 385 yard block layouts-differing in block length, width, and height-on the yard and terminal performance.  2011 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	42	Management Science and Operations Research	Automated stacking cranes,Block dimensions,Container terminal,Rail-mounted-gantry-crane systems,Simulation,Terminal design
Hypergraph models for system of systems supervision design	2012	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	This paper deals with model-based supervision of a class of system of systems (SoS). The SoS is modeled using hypergraphs, where their architectural representation allows the application of a supervision strategy, from ascending or descending directions directly on the graph. From ascending direction, it is possible to detect local or global faults on a system, when some constraints are no longer satisfied. This is done using the concept of "degree of satisfaction," where the new operating mode of SoS is deduced using the principle of automata. In the descending direction and based on the constraint satisfaction problem, we can check from the hypergraphs a possible structural reconfiguration of SoS in the presence of faults. This reconfiguration is possible when the available systems satisfy a maximum number of constraints. Finally, an application of a SoS is presented. This is done using intelligent autonomous vehicles in a platoon configuration within a seaport terminal.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	16	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Constraint satisfaction problem (CSP),hypergraph,intelligent autonomous vehicle (IAV),modeling,supervision,system of systems (SoS)
Shunting yard operations: Theoretical aspects and applications	2012	European Journal of Operational Research	Almost ever since freight has been transported via rail, shunting yards (also called classification or marshaling yards) are operated in order to separate freight trains and reassemble new trains. The efficient use of shunting yards has a deep impact on the efficiency and reliability of rail freight services. Thus, much research on shunting yards has been published, starting from the 1950s. Lately, several publications mostly focusing on the sorting procedures have livened up research on shunting yards. This paper reviews the literature on the operational processes at shunting yards over the last 40 years and discusses the operational challenges of freight transshipment. The approaches are classified according to different sorting strategies which allows an easy access to the models for both, researchers and practitioners. The paper concludes with an overview on future research challenges.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	67	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Classification yards,Container transshipment,Shunting yards
Deadlock control of automated manufacturing systems based on petri nets-a literature review	2012	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics Part C: Applications and Reviews	Deadlocks are a rather undesirable situation in a highly automated flexible manufacturing system. Their occurrences often deteriorate the utilization of resources and may lead to catastrophic results in safety-critical systems. Graph theory, automata, and Petri nets are three important mathematical tools to handle deadlock problems in resource allocation systems. Particularly, Petri nets are considered as a popular formalism because of their inherent characteristics. They received much attention over the past decades to deal with deadlock problems, leading to a variety of deadlock-control policies. This study surveys the state-of-the-art deadlock-control strategies for automated manufacturing systems by reviewing the principles and techniques that are involved in preventing, avoiding, and detecting deadlocks. The focus is deadlock prevention due to its large and continuing stream of efforts. A control strategy is evaluated in terms of computational complexity, behavioral permissiveness, and structural complexity of its deadlock-free supervisor. This study provides readers with a conglomeration of the updated results in this area and facilitates engineers in finding a suitable approach for their industrial scenarios. Future research directions are finally discussed.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	223	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock avoidance,deadlock prevention,discrete-event system,flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net
Research on smart substation equipment condition monitoring system based on wireless sensor networks	2012	Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering	Reference to characteristics of wireless sensor networks (WSNs) technology and the three-tier architecture of smart substation, the paper designs an on-line condition monitoring system of smart substation equipment based on WSNs. The system is designed as a hierarchical distributed structure and is divided into perception level, convergence level and application level. Then the paper proposed some of the key issues resolved in the design of monitoring system. These key issues include sensor node design, network topology, error handling, information management, network security, time-synchronized, integrating with substation communication network. It provides a new solution for improvement and optimization of substation equipment monitoring system and contributes to improving the running speed and flexibility.  2012 ICST Institute for Computer Science, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computer Networks and Communications	hierarchical distributed architecture,key issues,on-line condition monitoring,smart substation,wireless sensor networks
Fleet sizing of automated guided vehicles: A linear programming approach based on closed queuing networks	2012	International Journal of Production Research	We use multi-class closed queuing networks to model operations of automated guided vehicles in a manufacturing or distribution environment. We approximate the dynamics of the system using the first moment balance equations of the embedded stochastic chain representing the network under the steady-state conditions. These moments account for loaded and empty-travel times, as well as times when vehicles are being loaded/unloaded or waiting to be dispatched. We model the steady-state behaviour of the closed queuing network by a linear program whose optimal value is the estimate of the required fleet-size. The result of the analytical model is compared with those of the simulation studies for a set of numerical examples. The comparison shows that the analytical model provides a good estimate for the required number of vehicles.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	18	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVS,closed queuing networks,facility logistics,fleet-sizing,linear programming
Evaluation of energy-efficient production for container terminal	2012	Advanced Materials Research	With the continuous development of economy and changing of the environment, Green Production aiming at lowering the environment pollution and reducing resource consumption is paid more and more attention by all countries. How to improve the energy-efficient production for container terminal and obey the conception of Green Production is becoming the new oriental of research. Firstly, a hierarchy and evaluation factors of energy-efficient production for container terminal are developed. Furthermore, fuzzy AHP is then employed to determine the weight of all indices, evaluation vectors, evaluation matrix and evaluation value. Finally, computational cases are applied to verify the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed evaluation model.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	Container terminal,Energy-efficient,Evaluation,Fuzzy AHP,Production
Dynamic routing of automated guided vehicles based on time window	2012	Shanghai Jiaotong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Shanghai Jiaotong University	This paper studied the routing algorithm of AGVs which is used in flexible manufacturing systems. A dynamic routing plan algorithm based on time window was proposed. It can avoid collisions, deadlocks and some other problems, the route is time optimization. According to time window's initialization, arrangement and updating, the route algorithm can be used in multi-AGV with conflict-free. The simulation and practical experiments show that the time window algorithm used on multi-AGV system can achieve no conflicts, the time optimal path planning function.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Multidisciplinary	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Dynamic path planning,Time window
A multi-agent based approach to dynamic scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles in manufacturing systems	2012	Applied Soft Computing Journal	In real manufacturing environments, the control of system elements such as automated guided vehicles has some difficulties when planning operations dynamically. Multi agent-based systems, a newly maturing area of distributed artificial intelligence, provide some effective mechanisms for the management of such dynamic operations in manufacturing environments. This paper proposes a multi-agent based scheduling approach for automated guided vehicles and machines within a manufacturing system. The proposed multi-agent based approach works under a real-time environment and generates feasible schedules using negotiation/bidding mechanisms between agents. This approach is tested on off-line scheduling problems from the literature. The results show that our approach is capable of generating good schedules in real time comparable with the optimization algorithms and the frequently used dispatching rules.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	73	Software	Automated guided vehicles,Manufacturing systems,Multi-agent systems,Online scheduling
Scheduling optimization for multi-AGVs in batching area of flexible production system	2012	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To solve the multiple Automated Guided Vehicles(AGVs) scheduling problem in a batching area for materials transportation, a mathematical model was built and an improved genetic algorithm was proposed to minimize material handling time for materials supplement in a batching area of flexible production system. The combination method of integer coding and multi-parameter coding was used in the algorithm. To solve the problem of illegal solutions were easily produced by the conventional crossovers and mutations, a sectional type of crossover method and mutating method were used, and method of expansion on chromosome in discrete random population was also used to initialize the population generation. From the optimization results, this multi-AGVs task allocation and scheduling scheme could be obtained. Through the example of heavy machine assembly workshop and the comparison between this improved genetic algorithm and branch and barrier algorithm as well as conventional genetic algorithm, the feasibility and effectiveness of the method were proved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Genetic algorithms,Mathematical optimization model,Scheduling,Task assignment
Flexible transportation in warehouses	2012	Automation in Warehouse Development	2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.In recent years, autonomous mobile robots (AMR) have emerged as a means of transportation system in warehouses. The complexity of the transport tasks requires efficient high-level control, i.e. planning and scheduling of the tasks as well as low-level motion control of the robots. Hence, an efficient coordination between robots is needed to achieve flexibility, robustness and scalability of the transportation system. In this chapter, we present a methodology to achieve coordination in different control layers, namely high-level and low-level coordination. We investigate how the coordination strategies perform in an automated warehouse. We use simulation results to analyse the system performance. We take into account typical performance indicators for a warehouse, such as time to accomplish the transportation tasks and total cost of the system. In addition to the simulation results, we conduct experiments in a small-scale representation of the warehouse.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	3	Engineering (all)	None
Navigation of vision-guided intelligent vehicle based on adaptive navigation parameters	2012	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	In order to obtain better robustness and real-time processing of path recognition, the binary segmentation image, noise searching and filtering procedures were employed. The whole path was classified into far part and near part, and the difference between the two parts was used as a threshold for selecting target road. So the navigating parameters were adapted to the changing path. Based on a model of four-wheel intelligent vehicle, a path tracking simulation was performed. Then, the navigation system based on path tracking was designed by using two digital signal processors. The experiments showed the accuracy and robustness of the system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Adaptive navigation parameters,Intelligent vehicle,Path tracking,Vision navigation
Yard crane scheduling at container terminals: A comparative study of centralized and decentralized approaches	2012	Maritime Economics and Logistics	This article presents a comparative study of two contrasting approaches for modeling the yard crane scheduling problem: centralized and decentralized. It seeks to assess their relative performances and factors that affect their performances. Our analysis shows that the centralized approach outperforms the decentralized approach by 16.5 per cent on average, due to having complete and accurate information about future truck arrivals. While it underperforms the centralized, the decentralized approach can dynamically adapt to real-time truck arrivals, making it better suited for real-life operations. Overall, our analysis suggests that the two approaches offer complementary features that could be integrated into a hybrid approach.  2012 Macmillan Publishers Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	container terminals,multi-agent systems,optimization,yard crane scheduling
Using logic-based benders decomposition to solve the capacity- and distance-constrained plant location problem	2012	INFORMS Journal on Computing	We address an optimization problem that requires deciding the location of a set of facilities, the allocation of customers to those facilities under capacity constraints, and the allocation of customers to trucks at those facilities under truck travel-distance constraints. We present a hybrid approach that combines integer and constraint programming using logic-based Benders decomposition. Computational experiments demonstrate that the Benders model is able to find and prove optimal solutions up to three orders-of-magnitude faster than an existing integer programming approach it also finds better feasible solutions in less time when compared with an existing tabu search algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	22	Software,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Facility location,Fleet management,IP/CP hybrid,Logic-based Benders decomposition
A wireless data collection system using PIC16F877 and GPRS	2012	Proceedings - 2012 International Conference on Computer Science and Electronics Engineering, ICCSEE 2012	This paper introduces a data collection system that uses wireless communication components PIC16F877 and GPRS to transfer and capture the data remotely. The key data collection terminal is insisted by a micro controller named PIC16F877 which is responsible for controlling several parts such as LED screen, MC39i working in GPRS as well as various data operating modules. MC39i is responsible for sending the captured data to information processing center via GPRS network. This system is significant for the industry control under remote situations such as real-time supervision with certain distance so as to avoid harmful substance.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Data Collection,GPRS,PIC16F877,Wireless
A structured TDMA-based V2I MAC protocol for automated guided vehicle control systems	2012	International Conference on Information Networking	Recently, IEEE 802.11p based vehicular communication has been widely studied in different area of vehicular applications. In this paper, we mainly focus on the automated guided vehicle (AGV) applications which have a strict communication requirement for very low transmission delay and very high reliability. However, CSMA-based 802.11p standard has problems with unbounded channel access delay and multiple consecutive packet losses due to random access the channel without any control. With this motivation, this paper proposes a novel TDMA-based MAC protocol in order to deliver the vehicle control information with high reliability and bounded latency to satisfy the proposed V2I based AGV system. The proposed TDMA-based MAC protocol is evaluated in comparison with the IEEE 802.11p, i.e., WAVE standard. Simulation results show that the proposed MAC protocol is performed better than IEEE 802.11p in terms of end-to-end delay and packet delivery ratio in desired vehicular applications.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	AGV,IEEE 802.11p,MAC,TDMA,V2I(Vehicle-to-Infrasturcture)
Robot navigation system with RFID and sensors	2012	Proceedings - 2012 International Conference on Computer Distributed Control and Intelligent Environmental Monitoring, CDCIEM 2012	The paper proposed a method enable robot to navigate in indoor space is indicated.The system use RFID tags as landmarks to locate the robot.A topological map corresponding to the real environment is used for robot navigation.The robot goes along the ways,and turn to the right direction at each intersection of the hallways.The robot navigation system can be used in real life and do efficient work.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Artificial Intelligence,Environmental Engineering	RFID,Robot navigation system,Ultrasonic sensor
Compact climbing robot rolling on flexible magnetic rollers, for generator inspection with the rotor still installed	2012	Industrial Robot	Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to describe the design and prototype implementation of a compact climbing robot with magnetic adhesion, which is only 8?mm high and allows for moving in any direction on the stators or rotors of power generators. Design/methodology/approach - After a brief description of the industrial environment where it is supposed to be used (inspection of generator stators with the rotor still installed), this paper describes the basic mechanical concept, pointing to the core innovation and the advantages towards previous designs. The paper concludes with a prototype implementation and some test results; and provides an outlook on future extensions in the final industrial version. Findings - Thanks to a new locomotion system based on flexible magnetic rollers (= magnetic wheels fixed on motorized flexible shafts; patented technology), the robot is able to span over gaps and non-magnetic zones, both in axial and circumferential direction, while still being flexible enough for adapting to the large curvature of the rotor/stator (~0.5?m-2?m). Originality/value - With this new design, it is now possible, for the first time, to access all types of large power generators (amp;gt;100?MW) with only one device - while still keeping the mechanical complexity at a level which allows for realizing the robot in a robust way and at reasonable cost. Copyright  2012 Emerald Group Publishing Limited. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Climbing,Electric generators,Industrial robotics,Inspection,Miniature,Power generation,Robots
Unidirectional guided-path network design method based on hybrid genetic algorithm	2012	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	Aiming at the unidirectional guided-path network design problem of automated guided vehicle system, a Hybrid Genetic Algorithm (HGA) was proposed. The formal model considering both empty and loaded travel distance was given, and the guide-path network was preprocessed to reduce computation complexity. HGA used binary coding, and each binary chromosome determined the direction of a unidirectional segment. To improve the convergence speed of Genetic Algorithm (GA), tabu search was adopted after selection, crossover and mutation operation. To keep a high degree of population diversity, Hamming distance based Niche competition operation was adopted when a new population was generated. The experimental results showed that the proposed HGA was more efficient than traditional GA and tabu search algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle system,Hybrid genetic algorithms,Tabu search,Unidirectional guided-path network
DCA for solving the scheduling of lifting vehicle in an automated port container terminal	2012	Computational Management Science	The container was introduced as a universal carrier for various goods in the 1960s and soon became a standard worldwide transportation. The competitiveness of a container seaport is marked by different success factors, particularly the time in port for ships. Operational problems of container terminals is divided into several problems, such as assignment of vessels, loading/unloading and storage of the containers, quay cranes scheduling cite, planning yard cranes cite and assignment of storage containers cite. In this work, the study will focus on piloting yard trucks. Two different types of vehicles can be used, namely automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and lifting vehicles (LVs). An AGV receives a container from a quay crane and transports containers over fixed path. LVs are capable of lifting a container from the ground by itself. The model that we consider is formulated as a mixed integer programming problem, and the difficulty arises when the number of binary variables increases. There are a lot of algorithms designed for mixed integer programming problem such as Branch and Bound method, cutting plane algorithm,... By using an exact penalty technique we treat this problem as a DC program in the context of continuous optimization. Further, we combine the DCA with the classical Branch and Bound method for finding global solutions.  2012 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	12	Management Information Systems,Information Systems	Automated lifting vehicle,Branch and Bound,Container port terminal,DCA,Programmation DC
Scheduling jobs on identical parallel machines with unequal future ready time and sequence dependent setup: An experimental study	2012	International Journal of Production Economics	This paper studies the performances of Apparent Tardiness Cost based (ATC-based) dispatching rules in minimizing the total weighted tardiness on identical parallel machines with unequal future ready time and sequence dependent setup. In experiments, the sequence dependent setup is divided into two categories: the continuous sequence dependent setup (s ij,con) and the separable sequence dependent setup (s ij,sep). The former needs the presence of parts to setup on the machine, while the latter does not need it and allows machine to be idle between the setup and the processing of the part. Experiments show that Modified Apparent Tardiness Cost with Setup and Ready time (MATCSR) and Apparent Tardiness Cost with Separable Setup and Ready time (ATCSSR) outperform other existing ATC-based rules in reducing the total weighted tardiness for problems (Pm|r j,s ij,con|∑w jT j and Pm|r j,s ij,sep|∑w jT j) where the sequence dependent setups are continuous and separable, respectively.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	17	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Future ready time,Identical parallel machines,Sequence dependent setup,Weighted tardiness
Interval Type-2 fuzzy position control of electro-hydraulic actuated robotic excavator	2012	International Journal of Mining Science and Technology	This paper deals with fuzzy intelligent position control of electro-hydraulic activated robotic excavator for the control of boom, arm and bucket axes. Intelligent control systems are required to overcome undesirable stick-slip motion, limit cycles and oscillations. Models of electro-hydraulic servo controlled front end loader excavators are highly nonlinear. The nonlinear model accounts for fluid flow rate of valve, pump hydraulics, and friction forces. The friction forces are modelled by Coulomb, viscous and Stribeck function. Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Controller (IT2FLC) is used to study the time-domain position responses of axes in the presence of external applied load. It has the ability to control the position of each of the three axes with minimum actuator position errors. Models presented are accurate and study the dynamics of the actuator and load. To improve the transient behaviour of the robotic excavator, we eliminated jitter of the bucket movement in the presence of nonlinearities.  2012 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of China University of Mining & Technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	11	Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Geochemistry and Petrology	Actuators,Excavator,Fuzzy control,Mining,Robot,Type-2
Design and experiment of the control system for automatic rocket-attaching module of auto-docking and auto-separating robot for launch vehicle propellant loading	2012	Jiqiren/Robot	Aiming at the automatic rocket-attaching problem of the auto-docking and auto-separating robot for launch vehicle propellant loading, a control system is designed for the automatic rocket-attaching module. The system uses image processing algorithm to provide visual information for the autonomous navigation positioning in plane, and the force servo algorithm is designed to assist the rocket-attaching to complete smoothly. A large number of docking simulation experiments and the experiments on real rockets prove the reliability and stability of the control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Automatic rocket-attaching,Force servo,Propellant loading,Robot,Visual positioning
NERJIT: Using net requirement data in kanban-controlled jumbled-flow shops	2012	Production and Operations Management	The bold lines that have separated the application of specific production planning and control techniques to specific production systems are being blurred by continuous advances in production technologies and innovative operational procedures. Oral communication among dispatchers and production units has given way to electronic communication between production planners and these units by continuous progress in information technologies. Current production literature alludes to the idea that, collectively, these advances have paved the way for application of Just-In-Time (JIT) production concepts, which were originally developed for mass production systems, in intermittent production systems. But this literature does not actually consider the possibility. This article presents a modification to JIT procedures to make them more suitable for jumbled-flow shops. This article suggests providing real-time information about net-requirements for each product to each work center operator for setting production priorities at each work center. Simulation experiments conducted for this study show that using Net-Requirements in JIT (NERJIT) reduces customer wait time by 45-60% while reducing inventory slightly. The analysis of work centers' input and output stock-point inventories shows that using the information about net-requirements results in production of items that are in current demand. NERJIT results in smaller input stock-point inventory and availability of products with higher priority in the output stock-points of work centers.  2011 Production and Operations Management Society.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	JIT,jumbled-flow shops,priority rules,sequencing,simulation
Behaviorally optimal and structurally simple liveness-enforcing supervisors of flexible manufacturing systems	2012	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	This paper presents two iterative deadlock prevention policies for flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). Both can find a maximally permissive liveness-enforcing supervisor with a small number of control places. A vector covering approach is used to obtain a minimal covering set of legal markings and a minimal covered set of first-met bad markings (FBMs), which are much smaller than the sets of legal markings and FBMs, respectively. At each iteration, by solving an integer linear programming problem (ILPP), a place invariant (PI) associated with a control place is designed to forbid as many FBMs as possible, and no markings in the minimal covering set of legal markings are forbidden. The objective function of the ILPP maximizes the number of FBMs that are forbidden by the PI. Then, the forbidden FBMs by the PI are removed from the minimal covered set of FBMs. This process is carried out until all FBMs are forbidden. Two ILPP design techniques are developed for the control policies. Though the proposed methods cannot in general guarantee the minimality of the supervisory structure, they reduce the overall computational time greatly, which is shown by numerical studies. Finally, a number of FMS examples from the literature are presented to illustrate the proposed methods.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	86	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock prevention,flexible manufacturing system (FMS),optimal liveness-enforcing supervisor,Petri net
Iterative deadlock control by using petri nets	2012	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics Part C: Applications and Reviews	Deadlocks should be eliminated in resource allocation systems such as flexible manufacturing systems. An iterative deadlock control policy is usually considered to be a natural solution with reasonable computational cost for a large-scale system where direct methods would be prohibitively expensive (and in some cases impossible) even with the best available computing power. This paper reviews the existing iterative deadlock prevention policies for discrete event systems that are modeled with Petri nets. A number of technical problems in the existing iterative deadlock control approaches are formulated and discussed. Their solutions are illustrated through case studies. We conclude that the suitability, effectiveness, and efficiency of an iterative deadlock control approach are sensitive to specific examples, and no general algorithm is found in the literature, which works well for all cases.  1998-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,deadlock,discrete event system,flexible manufacturing system,iterative control,Petri net
Taiwan high-tech industries hiring staff with physical and mental disabilities to work in clean-room: Experience sharing by CMI Corp	2012	Ergonomics in Asia: Development, Opportunities, and Challenges - Selected Papers of the 2nd East Asian Ergonomics Federation Symposium, EAEFS 2011	Taiwan high-tech industries carry social responsibilities and practice the concept of sharing: hiring staffs with physical and mental difficulties (PMD), while pursuing happiness and economic well-being. Take CMI for example, since 1998 CMI has been positively hiring staff with PMD. The year 2010, CMI overcame the barriers that the staff with PMD can only be given clerical jobs, and the issue concerning working safety in the cleanroom. For that, CMI cooperated with government and through its support and supervision, CMI worked on a large cross-sector cooperation project on hiring employees with PMD. CMI have worked on PDCA procedure in reaching the goal. At CMI, staff with disabilities working in clean-room account for, up to date, 65% of all workers with disabilities PMD. It shows that "If the corporations show willingness and determination, there are no obstacles". Taiwan high-tech industries will be the pioneer and take good care of the disadvantaged groups, staffs with PMD, secondary employment, aboriginal people, and so on. Taiwan high-tech industries will keep up the compassion, faith and determination to reach the goal for integration, responsibility, improving, mutual benefit and sharing, and at the same time reach the state of "Three happiness goals for both company and employees: wealth, stability and development."  2012 Taylor & Francis Group, London.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Human Factors and Ergonomics	AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle),Staff with physical and mental difficulties (staff with PMD)
Engineering hierarchical complex systems: An agent-based approach. the case of flexible manufacturing systems	2012	Studies in Computational Intelligence	This chapter introduces a formal model to specify, model and validate hierarchical complex systems described at different levels of analysis. It relies on concepts that have been developed in the multi-agent-based simulation (MABS) literature: level, influence and reaction. One application of such model is the specification of hierarchical complex systems, in which decisional capacities are dynamically adapted at each level with respect to the emergences/constraints paradigm. In the conclusion, we discuss the main perspective of this work: the definition of a generic meta-model for holonic multi-agent systems (HMAS).  2012 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	France	3	Artificial Intelligence	formal models,hierarchical systems,multi-level multi-agent based simulations
Versatile autonomous transportation vehicle for highly flexible use in industrial applications	2012	CIRP Annals - Manufacturing Technology	In this paper an automated guided vehicle (AGV) for low payload is presented. By the use of low cost onboard sensors instead of expensive laser measurement devices the investment effort is reduced significantly. Ceiling cameras constantly track all static and moving obstacles. This information in combination with the vehicles local sensor data is leading to an optimized position estimations of both vehicles and obstacles. Every AGV is able to autonomously execute pending transportation tasks. That is why the presented indoor transportation solution provides a highly efficient way to realize an automated one-piece-flow concept in applications with varying environmental conditions.  2012 CIRP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	8	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automation,Electric vehicle
Thermal test of a sealed air cooling local environment control apparatus for precision instruments	2012	Advanced Materials Research	A sealed air cooling local environment control apparatus that can provide constant working environment for precision instruments has been developed. Based on electrical analogy, the thermal network model has been derived, and the parameters of thermal conductance and capacitance in the model were measured in different test conditions. The obtained maximum relative errors between the measured values and the theoretical values are in the range of 0.6% to 6%, which indicates that the proposed theoretical model and the test method are feasible. The obtained parametes can help to understand the heat transfer properties of the apparatus, and the methods can be also as the reference for the test and rapid commissioning of other local environment control apparatus.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Local environment control,Lumped method,Precision instruments,Thermal test
Novel hexagonal opto-electronic detector and the corresponding object recognition criterions used for multi-object detection and tracking	2012	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	In this paper, in order to achieve multi-object detection and tracking, a novel hexagonal opto-electronic detector and the corresponding object recognition criterions are proposed. First, a hexagonal detector with 360° field of view is proposed. Second, to achieve the detection and tracking of multi-object with high speed, two object recognition criterions of the proposed detector, which are called object signal width criterion and horizontal scale ratio criterion, respectively, are proposed. Finally, the simulation experiments of the proposed hexagonal detector and the two criterions have been carried out, while the results show that the detection and tracking of multi-object can be achieved with high speed, which indicates that the proposed method will offer significant advantages in photo-electric detection, computer vision, virtual reality, augment reality, etc.  2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Detection and tracking,Linear CCD,Opto-electronic detector
Kalman filter-based sensor fusion for improving localization of AGV	2012	Advanced Materials Research	This paper proposes localization using sensor fusion with a laser navigation and an inertial navigation system for indoor mobile. The laser navigation is a device that measures angle and distance between the robot and the reflectors. Although it is the high-precision device for indoor global positioning, there is a problem that the accuracy of laser navigation significantly drops while moving at high speed and rapid turning. To solve this problem, the laser navigation was fused to inertial navigation system through Kalman filter. For experiment, we use omnidirectional robot with Mecanum Wheels and analyze the positioning accuracy according to driving direction of the robot.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	6	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle,Inertial navigation system,Kalman filter,Laser navigation,Sensor fusion
Improved ultra wideband-based tracking of twin-receiver automated guided vehicles	2012	Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering	In this paper, we present the design and performance analysis of an innovative system for tracking Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in indoor industrial scenarios. An on-board odometer provides information about the dynamic state of the AGV, allowing to predict its pose (i.e., its position and orientation). At the same time, an external Ultra-Wide Band (UWB) wireless network provides the information necessary to compensate for the error drift accumulated by the odometer. Two novel alternative solutions for AGV tracking are proposed: (i) a classical Time Differences Of Arrivals (TDOA) approach with a single receiver; (ii) a "Twin-receiver" TDOA (TTDOA) approach, that requires the presence of two independent receivers on the AGV. The TTDOA configuration allows to indirectly estimate the orientation of the vehicle, thus increasing the estimation accuracy. Moreover, this allows direct estimation of the vehicle's movement even when the odometer is not working properly (e.g., temporary failure) or when the AGV is not moving (e.g., at the start-up). The system performance with the two proposed tracking algorithms is evaluated in realistic conditions, by considering a consolidated UWB channel model and a simple on-board energy detector receiver. The impact of the wireless network architecture and of the presence of moving obstacles is analyzed. The obtained results show clearly that the implementation of a tracking system with a sub-centimeter accuracy can be realized by means of low-complexity UWB receiver and commercial odometers. The automatic movement of goods within a warehouse is one of the most appealing application of the proposed tracking system.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	9	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,automated guided vehicle,localization,TDOA,time difference of arrivals,tracking,Ultra wideband,UWB
A study on AGV-induced floor micro-vibration in TFT-LCD high-technology fabs	2012	Structural Control and Health Monitoring	This study explores vertical floor micro-vibration induced by the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in thin-film-transistor liquid-crystal-display (TFT-LCD) fabs. The state-space procedure is adopted to compute the AGV-induced floor vibration as it preserves the desired numerical stability and accuracy in high-frequency responses. The dynamic analysis of an AGV moving on an equivalent three-span beam model of a TFT-LCD building is simulated by taking into account various AGV speeds and engine forces. Numerical simulations demonstrate that if proper engine forces and excitation frequency contents of the AGV moving loads are used, the peak AGV-induced floor micro-vibration level can be predicted by the proposed method. Moreover, the effectiveness of vibration control by span-reduction as well as energy-dissipation by viscoelastic dampers is also examined. In comparison with span-reduction, application of energy-dissipation devices is more effective in vibration suppression as they enhance the damping characteristics of the multi-span floor system whose natural frequencies are potentially in resonance with the excitation frequencies of the AGV moving loads ranging in a broad bandwidth. Copyright  2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	5	Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Mechanics of Materials	automated guided vehicle (AGV),damper,micro-vibration,moving loads,state-space procedure
Robust discrete-time sliding mode control of vehicle steering system with uncertainty	2012	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	This paper deals with the design of robust DSMC (Discrete-Time Sliding Mode Control) scheme in order to overcome system uncertainty in steering system with mechanically joined structure. The proposed control scheme is one of robust control schemes based on system dynamics. Therefore, system dynamics required is not obtained from physical law but SCM (Signal Compression Method) through experiment in order to avoid complicate mathematical development and save time. However, SCM has a shortcoming that is the limitation of with 2 nd order linear model which does not include the dynamic of high-frequency band. Thus, considering system uncertainty, DSMC is designed. In addition, to reduce the chattering problem of DSMC, DSMC is derived from the reaching law and the Lyapunov stability condition. It is found that the proposed control scheme has robustness in spite of the perturbation of system uncertainty through computer simulation.  ICROS 2012.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Discrete-time,Signal compression method,Sliding-mode control,Steering control system,System uncertainty,Variable structure control
Modeling, analysis and control of dual-arm cluster tools with residency time constraint and activity time variation based on Petri nets	2012	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	Because of residency time constraints and activity time variation of cluster tools, it is very difficult to operate such integrated semiconductor manufacturing equipment. This paper addresses their real-time operational issues. To characterize their schedulability and achieve the minimum cycle time at their steady-state operation, Petri net (PN) models are developed to describe them, which are very compact, and independent of wafer flow pattern. It is due to the proposed models that scheduling cluster tools is converted into determining robot wait times. A two-level operational architecture is proposed to include an offline periodic schedule and real-time controller. The former determines when a wafer should be placed into a process module for processing, while the latter regulates robot wait times online in order to reduce the effect of activity time variation on wafer sojourn times in process modules. Therefore, the system can adapt to activity time variation. A cluster tool derived as a not-always-schedulable system by the existing methods is shown to be always-schedulable by using the proposed novel method.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	150	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,cluster tools,discrete event system,optimization,Petri net (PN),scheduling,semiconductor fabrication
A novel 0-1 linear integer programming model for dynamic machine-tool selection and operation allocation in a flexible manufacturing system	2012	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	This paper considers a problem of dynamic machine-tool selection and operation allocation with part and tool movement policies in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) environment. For this purpose, a novel 0-1 linear integer programming model is presented in such a way that each part and each tool can move during the production phase. It is assumed that there are a given set of tools and machines that can produce different kinds of orders (or part types). The objective of this model is to determine a machine-tool combination for each operation of the part type by minimizing some production costs, such as machining costs, setup costs, material handling costs and tool movement costs. In addition, due to the NP-hard nature of the problem, a new heuristic method based on five simple procedures (FSP) is proposed for solving the given problem, whose performance is tested on a number of randomly generated problems. The related results are compared with results obtained by a branch-and-bound method. It has been found that the proposed heuristic method gives good results in terms of objective function values and CPU times.  2011 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	20	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,Operation allocation,Part movement,Production planning,Tool movement, Heuristic method
Scalability planning for reconfigurable manufacturing systems	2012	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	Scalability is a key characteristic of reconfigurable manufacturing systems, which allows system throughput capacity to be rapidly and cost-effectively adjusted to abrupt changes in market demand. This paper presents a scalability planning methodology for reconfigurable manufacturing systems that can incrementally scale the system capacity by reconfiguring an existing system. An optimization algorithm based on Genetic Algorithm is developed to determine the most economical way to reconfigure an existing system. Adding or removing machines to match the new throughput requirements and concurrently rebalancing the system for each configuration, accomplishes the system reconfiguration. The proposed approach is validated through a case study of a CNC-based automotive cylinder head machining system.  2011 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	124	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Design,Line balancing,Manufacturing configuration design,Manufacturing systems,Scalability
RFID-based colored Petri net applied for quality monitoring in manufacturing system	2012	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Product quality is difficult to be traced and monitored in the distributed manufacturing network. This paper proposes and develops a new RFID-based CPN modeling method where the colored tokens are evolved to color-tagged tokens carrying the product information of real-time status. With this new real-time modeling method, the performance of manufacturing systems such as yield rate and throughput can be realized. In this paper, a case study has been conducted to examine the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed method. The simulation results show that the new modeling method is able to complete the preliminary real-time quality status analysis of a manufacturing system so as to handle dynamic and stochastic manufacturing network effectively and enable decision making for process improvement.  2011 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Colored Petri net modeling,Manufacturing process,Process quality control,Product quality monitoring,Real-time analysis,RFID
Planning and obstacle avoidance in mobile robotics	2012	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	The paper focuses on the navigation subsystem of a mobile robot which operates in human environments to carry out different tasks, such as transporting waste in hospitals or escorting people in exhibitions. The paper describes a hybrid approach (Roaming Trails), which integrates a priori knowledge of the environment with local perceptions in order to carry out the assigned tasks efficiently and safely: that is, by guaranteeing that the robot can never be trapped in deadlocks even when operating within a partially unknown dynamic environment. The article includes a discussion about the properties of the approach, as well as experimental results recorded during real-world experiments.  2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	71	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Autonomous navigation,Hybrid architectures,Mobile robots,Planning,Reactive and local methods
Effects of flexibility and scheduling decisions on the performance of an FMS: Simulation modelling and analysis	2012	International Journal of Production Research	This paper focuses on a simulation-based experimental study of the effects of routing flexibility, sequencing flexibility, and part sequencing rules on the performance of a typical FMS. Three routing flexibility levels, five sequencing flexibility levels, and four scheduling rules for part sequencing decision are considered for detailed investigation. The system work load characterised by the mean interarrival time of parts has been set at different levels. The performance of the FMS is evaluated using various measures related to flow time and tardiness of parts. The simulation results are subjected to statistical analysis. Multiple regression-based metamodels have been developed using the simulation results. The analyses of results reveal that deterioration in system performance can be minimised substantially by incorporating either routing flexibility or sequencing flexibility or both. However, the benefits of either of these flexibilities diminish at higher flexibility levels. When flexibility exists, part sequencing rules such as the earliest due date and earliest operation due date provide a better performance for all the measures.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	12	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,part sequencing rules,regression metamodels,routing flexibility,sequencing flexibility
A Review of auto-guided-vehicles routing algorithms	2012	Advanced Materials Research	In this paper, several principles of popular routing algorithms and models of Auto-Guided-Vehicles are presented. Tests were conducted and performance conclusions are given. In general hybrid methods are recommended in research and application.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	2	Engineering (all)	AGV,Algorithm,Routing
Vision calibration for AGV based on static and motion two states	2012	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	A vision calibration technique based on two states of static and motion was proposed for a vision-based bidirectional AGV. First, internal parameters, radial distortion parameters and external parameters were estimated using planar pattern in static scene, and then an union model of correcting distortions was designed for three individual image distortion models. Finally, rotation and translation parameters between corrected image and AGV coordinate system can be calibrated in two motion cases. Experimental results show that the technique has good flexibility and high precision.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Camera calibration,Image correction,Image distortion
A heuristic for designing manufacturing focus units with resource considerations	2012	International Journal of Production Research	This paper presents a model of the plant-within-a-plant (PWP) design problem and demonstrates a heuristic for analysing the problem. Although the benefits of a manufacturing focus have been articulated in the literature, methods for implementation with consideration for resource requirements have not been developed previously. In this study, we discuss the importance of including resource considerations and propose a methodology that can help managers arrive at a facility design with a high degree of focus and minimum resource needs. A heuristic is developed that incorporates the concept of order-winning criteria and volume into the focus design. The heuristic not only recognises the effects of conflicting manufacturing tasks, but also considers resource costs and material flows between PWP units. Experimental results show that the proposed methodology offers managers the opportunity to generate and assess alternative PWP designs, which are otherwise unavailable. Overall, this research provides an analytical framework for further research in focused manufacturing.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	manufacturing design,manufacturing strategy
An algorithm to find the minimal initial markings of resource places ensuring liveness of finite-capacity S 3PR	2012	International Journal of Production Research	Deadlock prevention can be achieved by configuring proper initial markings to obtain a live Petri net model. For a class of Petri nets called finite-capacity Systems of Simple Sequential Processes with Resources (S 3PR), an algorithm is proposed to find the minimal initial markings of resource places ensuring its liveness. First, conditions on initial markings of resource places are computed under which the strict minimal siphons (SMS) can never be emptied. Then, the minimal initial markings of resource places are computed to ensure liveness of the net. By the proposed algorithm, a live net can be obtained without changing the structure of the original model. The main practical implication of our work is that it can lower the facility cost. A simple example is used to illustrate the application of the algorithm.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	flexible manufacturing systems,Petri nets,S 3PR,siphon
Recognition and accurate measurement of vision-guided path of automatic guided vehicle	2012	Huanan Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of South China University of Technology (Natural Science)	In order to improve the measurement accuracy of a monocular vision-based bidirectional automatic guided vehicle, a motion-based self-calibration method is used to reduce the system error, and a color image processing is performed to extract the centerline of the guided path. Then, a classification method of path models based on curvature estimation is proposed to meet the requirements of target accuracy. The path models are classified into three types, namely the straight line, the arc turning and the non-circular turning. Finally, the minimum mean-variance method is used for the parameter regression of the first two models, and the curvature estimation-based adaptive weighted fitting method is used for the parameter regression of the third model. Experimental results show that the proposed method is of high measurement accuracy and meets the requirement of vision navigation well.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Engineering (all)	Adaptive weighted fitting,Automatic guided vehicle,Curvature estimation,Vision navigation
Design of automated guided vehicle for field application	2012	Advanced Materials Research	A type of GPS-navigation wheel testing vehicle was designed for operating in field environment. The commonly used material and standardized parts were selected to construct mechanical system; and the general electronic component as well as personal computer was used to construct the control system. The experiment conducted with the testing vehicle shows that the vehicle has sufficient capacity for ordinary loading, meanwhile it runs smoothly and of good maneuverability. It provides a practical platform for studying GPS-navigation technique applied on agricultural machines in field working condition.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Design,Steering control
A feasibility study using simulation-based optimization and Taguchi experimental design method for material handling-transfer system in the automobile industry	2012	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Nowadays, so as to adapt to the global market, where competition is getting tougher, firms producing through the modern production approach need to bring not the only performance of the system designed both during the research and development phase and the production phase but also the performance of the product to be developed as well as the process to be improved to the highest level. The Taguchi method is an experimental design technique seeking to minimize the effect of uncontrollable factors, using orthogonal arrays. It can also be designed as a set of plans showing the way data are collected through experiments. Experiments are carried out using factors defined at different levels and a solutionmodel generated in ARENA 3.0 program using SIMAN, which is a simulation language. Many experimental investigations reveal that the speed and capacity of automated-guided vehicle, the capacities of local depots, and the mean time between shipping from the main depot are the major influential parameters that affect the performance criteria of the storage system. For the evaluation of experiment results and effects of related factors, variance analysis and signal/noise ratio are used and the experiments are carried out in MINITAB15 according to Taguchi L16 scheme. The purpose of this study is to prove that experimental design is an utilizable method not only for product development and process improvement but it can also be used effectively in the design of material handling-transfer systems and performance optimization of automation technologies, which are to be integrated to the firms.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2011.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	21	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Material handling and transfer systems,Performance optimization,Process improvement,Taguchi experimental design
Economic feasibility analysis of flexible material handling systems: A case study in the apparel industry	2012	International Journal of Production Economics	Flexible material handling systems (MHS) have been widely used to enhance productivity involved with product proliferation, and thus far, only fixed-track MHSs such as Eton systems in the apparel industry are commonly used. This paper explores the economic feasibility of a flexible MHS using free-ranging automated guided vehicles (AGV) with a local positioning system (LPS) for the apparel industry. A component-based and modified activity-based costing methodology is proposed to estimate the additional cost of adopting flexible MHSs, and then the internal rate of return (IIR) and payback periods are applied to evaluate the project economic performance. Results show that adopting flexible MHSs has a promising IIR which is larger than 30%.  2011 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	23	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Economic feasibility analysis,Flexible MHS,Product proliferation
Inertial navigation system for an automatic guided vehicle with Mecanum wheels	2012	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	This paper presents an INS (inertial navigation system) for an AGV (automatic guided vehicle) with Mecanum wheels. An omni wheel or a Mecanum wheel, which has rollers attached to a conventional wheel, facilitates omni-directional driving. Most positioning systems use the encoder because it can measure precisely the rotation of the wheel. However, it is difficult to accurately calculate the position of an AGV with omni wheels or Mecanum wheels because slips occur frequently in the rollers attached to the wheels. Therefore, many studies have been carried out to compensate for the weakness of the encoders by fusing an accelerometer and a gyro sensor. However, there is still a rapid increase in the number of errors, owing to the second integral of an accelerometer. Hence, this paper proposes an INS for an AGV with Mecanum wheels. The proposed system integrates an encoder, an accelerometer, and a gyro sensor through two Kalman filters. To verify the performance of the proposed INS, we analyzed the positioning accuracy of an AGV by studying straight, sideways, and diagonal movements over a 250 cm distance in a 300 cm × 300 cm space at speeds of about 200 and 380 mm/s. The results of the experiment showed that the proposed INS can measure effectively the position of an AGV, despite frequent slips.  KSPE and Springer 2012.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	20	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Inertial navigation system,Kalman filter,Mecanum wheel,Omni-directional,Strapdown system
Integrating path planning, routing, and scheduling for logistics operations in manufacturing facilities	2012	Cybernetics and Systems	This article considers the following manufacturing/logistics problem: an autonomous vehicle (AV) is requested to serve a set of pickup and delivery (P/D) stations in the shop floor of a modern factory providing P/D tasks while moving safely (i.e., avoiding any collision with obstacles) in its environment. A two-sided time window associated with each P/D station brackets the service time to within a specified interval. A tour for AV is considered legal if it (a) is collision free, (b) passes through each P/D station exactly once, and (c) satisfies the service time restrictions imposed by the P/D stations. A legal tour always starts and ends at a depot. The problem is thereby dual NP-hard because it combines the characteristics of path planning and those of vehicle routing and scheduling problems. The objective is to determine the shortest possible legal tour for AV. A new method is introduced to solve the problem accomplished in two successive phases: first, AV's environment is mapped into a 2D B-spline surface embedded in 3D Euclidean space using a robust geometric model. Then, the generated surface is searched using a genetic algorithm for an optimum legal tour that satisfies the requirements of the vehicle's mission. The performance of the proposed method is investigated and discussed through characteristic simulated experiments. Copyright  2012 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	2	Software,Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	autonomous vehicles,obstacle avoidance,path planning,pickup and delivery,routing,scheduling
A novel hybrid metaheuristic scatter search-simulated annealing algorithm for solving flexible manufacturing system layout	2012	European Journal of Scientific Research	Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) provides high productivity and flexibility, which is essential for highly competitive, and dynamic environment in the current industrial scenario. Enhancement of productivity is inversely propotional to the manufacturing lead time and material handling time. Hence, reduction of these factors leads to complex mathematical formulation which makes the optimization problem to a multiobjective and multiconstraint one. Incorporation of these complex constranits raise the problem with a high degree of dificulty in obtaining a global feasible optimal solution. This paper proposes a noval hybrid algorithm based on Scatter Search Algorithm (SSA) and Simulated Annealing Technique (SAT) which is first of its kind for soving this Nondeterministic Polynomial (NP) complete problem. To demonstrate the robustness and feasibilty of the algorithm, it is tested on a benchmark FMS layout problem. The results obtainted by this hybrid algorithm demonstrated a high rate of success, where other routine heuristics fail. The objective fuction was inline with the previous results. Also, the computational time and number of iterations are greatlty reduced and improved by a maximum of 92% when compared with other algorithms.  2012 EuroJournals Publishing, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	7	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all),Materials Science (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Engineering (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	Flexible Manufacturing System,Hybrid metaheuristic algorithm,Machine scheduling;,Optimization
An extraction algorithm for a set of elementary siphons based on mixed-integer programming	2012	Journal of Systems Science and Systems Engineering	Elementary siphons are useful in the development of a deadlock prevention policy for a discrete event system modeled with Petri nets. This paper proposes an algorithm to iteratively extract a set of elementary siphons in a class of Petri nets, called system of simple sequential processes with resources (S3PR). At each iteration, by a mixed-integer programming (MIP) method, the proposed algorithm finds a maximal unmarked siphon, classifies the places in it, extracts an elementary siphon from the classified places, and adds a new constraint in order to extract the next elementary siphon. This algorithm iteratively executes until no new unmarked siphons can be found. It finally obtains a unique set of elementary siphons and avoids a complete siphon enumeration. A theoretical analysis and examples are given to demonstrate its efficiency and practical potentials.  2012 Systems Engineering Society of China and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems	deadlock prevention,elementary siphon,flexible manufacturing system,mixed integer programming,Petri net
Liveness and ratio-enforcing supervision of automated manufacturing systems using Petri nets	2012	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	In automated manufacturing systems (AMSs), Petri nets are widely adopted to solve supervisory control problems. Among them, how to enforce liveness and fairness for AMS constitutes an important problem. Enforcing liveness avoids the occurrence of deadlock situations to inhibit the emergence of partial or complete blockness for processing jobs in AMS. Fairness requires the determination of a reasonable regulation scheme for orderly resolution such that a desired ratio can be assigned among different processes. This paper proposes an efficient method to design supervisors that enforce both, which is based on the invariance property of Petri nets. A novel approach is proposed to iteratively identify empty siphons as solutions to a set of linear inequalities. Supervisors are then designed to control these siphons. The applicability of the proposed methodology is illustrated through examples. Its comparison with existing works is presented to demonstrate its advantages.  2011 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	38	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system (AMS),discrete event systems,mathematical programming,Petri nets
Study on a human guidance method for autonomous cruise of indoor robot	2012	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	This paper describes a method of human guidance for autonomous cruise of indoor robot. A low-cost robot follows a person in a room and notes the path for autonomous cruise using its monocular vision. A method of video-based object detection and tracking is taken to detect the target by the video received from the robot's camera. The validity of the human guidance method is proved by the experiment.  2012 Copyright Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	autonomous cruise,human guide,indoor robot,video-based object detection and tracking
High-speed driving of lateral guided robotic vehicle with a rear wheel steer mechanism controlled by SSM	2012	Engineering Letters	This paper proposes SSM(Sensor Steering Mechanism) for lateral guided vehicle with rear wheel steering mechanism. Authors demonstrated the geometry of SSM for the front wheel steer type and the reverse phase four-wheel steer type one. SSM presents a stable lateral guiding performance for automated vehicle which follows a straight and curved path created by guideway. The other hand, SSM is not established for a rear wheel steer type vehicle. Rear wheel steer vehicles are forklifts and backward moving of the conventional motor vehicles of which steering wheels are located at the front. SSM for the rear wheel steer vehicles enables a forklift to automated moving on every spaces, if the control method by SSM is established. This paper leads SSM relation for a rear wheel steer vehicle and constructs an experimental robotic vehicle with proposed SSM. Simulated and experimental data show the advantages of proposed SSM.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	4	Engineering (all)	Lateral guided,Rear wheel steer,Robotic vehicle,SSM
Petri net decomposition approach for dispatching and conflict-free routing of bidirectional automated guided vehicle systems	2012	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	In this paper, we address a Petri net decomposition approach for simultaneous dispatching and conflict-free routing for bidirectional automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems in dynamic environments. To solve the dynamic problem, static problems for finding near-optimal dispatching and conflict-free routing are solved each time when transportation requests are given. The static problem is converted to an optimal firing sequence problem for a timed Petri net. A Petri net decomposition approach is applied to solve the problem efficiently. In the algorithm, the entire Petri net is decomposed into task and AGV subnets. The penalty function method is used to derive a solution for all subnets. A deadlock avoidance method is embedded in the proposed methodology to ensure the feasibility and the quality of the solution. Computational results show that the proposed method with a deadlock avoidance algorithm efficiently maximizes the throughput for dynamic situations.  1996-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	53	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),conflict-free routing,deadlock avoidance,decomposition,optimization,Petri nets
Sectionalized motion control for automatic guided vehicle	2012	Applied Mechanics and Materials	In this work, an approach called sectionalized motion control (SMC) was proposed in order to achieve control with high precision and low energy consumption for the entire AGV tracking process. In this method, according to the characteristics of the AGV's early, middle and terminal motion phases, the neural dynamics-based tracking, energy-efficient tracking, and model predictive technologies were adopted. Furthermore, a simulation using Matlab software was performed in order to verify the proposed approach. The simulation results showed that SMC is capable of providing smooth, energy-efficient, robust and globally stable control for the AGV system.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Energy conservation,Sectionalized motion control,Stability,Trajectory tracking
Constant time headway control policy in leader following vehicular platoons: 2-D polynomial approach	2012	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Constant time headway policy is considered for control of vehicular platoons in future automated highway systems. 2-D polynomial approach is applied, hence dynamics is described using a fraction of two bivariate polynomials. In contrast to some previous works, the platoon here assumes a leader and an infinite number of followers. The usual bilateral z-transform used for doubly infinite vehicular strings is replaced here by a special unilateral z-transform. This naturally brings the boundary conditions into consideration through which the leader vehicle comes into the scene.  2012 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	automated guided vehicles,Automated highway systems,multidimensional systems,multivariable polynomials,n-D systems,polynomial equations,polynomial methods
Vision guided intelligent vehicle lateral control based on desired yaw rate	2012	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Journal of Mechanical Engineering	According to the low lateral control accuracy and low robustness of lane keeping system based on typically position error control, a lateral control algorithm based on tracking desired yaw rate is proposed. A virtual path is planned between vehicle and preview target point, yaw rate and velocity are analyzed while a vehicle tracking the virtual path with zero tracking error, a desired yaw rate generator is designed based on the body status and correspond positions of vehicle and preview target point. A yaw rate tracking controller is designed to track the desired yaw rate based on vehicle seven-degree-of-freedom nonlinear dynamic model, and vehicle can run according to the virtual path accurately in the end. Lane edge detection algorithm based on lane width and statistical edge points can detect vague lane and eliminate noise, vanishing point is detected to filter the straight line which are not lane line. Simulation and experiment studies shows that the proposed lateral control algorithm not only can effectively control vehicle to run according to the pre-given path perfectly under different velocities and road curvature but also have good robustness and adaptability.  2012 Journal of Mechanical Engineering.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	37	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Desired yaw rate,Lane detection,Lane keeping system,Lateral control,Path planning
Just-in time production system using fuzzy logic approach and a simulation application	2012	Advanced Materials Research	While firms are operating in a global competitive environment, they are subjected to changes because of the increased competitiveness and developed technologies. Therefore, this transformation process forces to produce with just-in-time production and low cost products or services and leads to customer satisfaction. Until today, competitive conditions, efficiency, productivity and quality of production, forced the firms to put more emphasis on production systems. Therefore, the firms are more interested in scientific analysis, planning and controlling of their production systems. As a result, one of the newest approaches is Just in Time (JIT) production system which emerged after WWII in Japan and aims to decrease the inventory cost and maximize the quality. The philosophy of this approach is to produce the necessary amount of production, when and where needed at the required quality. But JIT production system is weak in unclear species. For this purpose, the general and necessary solution is using fuzzy logic. In this paper we discussed about the simulation of an assembly line with 3 steps; firstly using Kanban production method, secondly non-using Kanban production method, and lastly using Kanban production method with fuzzy times. And also the comparisons of these steps will also be studied in this paper.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	2	Engineering (all)	Fuzzy logic,Just in time production system,Kanban,Simulation
Design of inductively coupled energy transfer system	2012	Zhejiang Daxue Xuebao (Gongxue Ban)/Journal of Zhejiang University (Engineering Science)	According to mutual inductance model of inductively coupled energy transfer system (ICETS), a three-factor method was proposed for designing ICETS. In this method, coupling coefficient, primary and secondary self-inductance ratio of separable transformer, and quality factor of energy receiver circuit were three factors, which were used to design ICETS. Characteristic parameters of the ICETS were expressed as functions of the three factors under resonant state. Based on transfer efficiency of separable transformer and requirement of device stress, the ICETS were designed. Characteristics of four different compensation circuits were analyzed and compared, the circuit with primary series compensation and secondary parallel compensation (SP) was selected, a prototype with output power 100 W was designed. Results show ICETS were layout by the three-factor method, High transfer efficiency of separable transformer and low voltage stress of compensation capacitor are obtained. Experiments of prototype verify the validity of the proposed three-factor method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Engineering (all)	Inductively coupled,Mutual inductance model,Resonant converter,Separable transformer
Proactive empty vehicle redistribution for personal rapid transit and taxis	2012	Transportation Planning and Technology	The empty vehicle redistribution (EVR) problem is to decide when and where to move empty vehicles in a Personal Rapid Transit or taxi system. These decisions are made in real time by an EVR algorithm. A reactive EVR algorithm moves empty vehicles only in response to known requests; in contrast, a proactive EVR algorithm moves empty vehicles in anticipation of future requests. This paper describes two new proactive EVR algorithms, called sampling and voting (SV) and dynamic transportation problem (DTP), that move empty vehicles proactively based on demand estimates from historical data. It also develops methods for assessing the performance of EVR algorithms absolutely in terms of both throughput and passenger waiting times. In simulation tests, the proposed algorithms provide lower passenger waiting times than other algorithms in the literature, and proactive movement of empty vehicles significantly reduces waiting times, usually with a modest increase in empty vehicle travel.  2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	22	Geography, Planning and Development,Transportation	empty vehicle management,empty vehicle redistribution,operations,personal rapid transit,taxi dispatch
A simulation framework for real-time fleet management in internal transport systems	2012	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	This paper presents a simulation framework incorporating traffic simulator with classical discrete event simulation model of internal transport systems. The objective behind this integration is to provide a simulation model in which traffic is captured in the internal haulage networks. For this purpose, the highly detailed microscopic traffic modelling approach is adopted. The developed simulator can reproduce the punctual trucks movement's in the haulage network between pickup and delivery stations. Furthermore the complex traffic behaviour of platoon formation and congestion propagation is accurately emulated. This traffic behaviour is widely uncounted and criticized in the outdoor and internal transport system such as in container terminals and in surface mines applications. Experiments are conducted in two typical surface mines transportation systems. Results demonstrate that when the dispatching and routing problem is solved based on such detailed simulation model; the real-time truck fleet management is enhanced and the inherent traffic in the internal transport system is controlled.  2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	24	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Congestion,Container terminal,Fleet management,Simulation model,Surface mine
An AHP-based approach for the selection of HFMS: An Indian perspective	2012	International Journal of Operational Research	To meet the challenges imposed by today's dynamic market conditions, it is the right time for the manufacturing companies to transit from traditional manufacturing system to advance manufacturing system such as computer numerical control (CNC), flexible manufacturing system (FMS) and computer integrated manufacturing (CIM) systems. CNC, FMS and CIM are very well-known terms in the manufacturing world. Developed countries have adopted and used all these manufacturing systems in their industries. Developing countries like India have used CNC technology in their plants but are reluctant to opt for the next phase of advance manufacturing system, i.e. FMS or CIM due to their high cost and heavy risk associated with them. Hence, a new manufacturing system, i.e. humanised FMS suitable to Indian industrial and social environment has been proposed in this paper. Analytic hierarchy process methodology has been utilised for the justification of this new manufacturing concept. Copyright  2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	13	Management Science and Operations Research	AHP,Analytical hierarchical process,CIM,CNC,Computer integrated manufacturing,Computer numerical control,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,HFMS,Humanised flexible manufacturing system
Operation of vehicles in AGV system and method for analyzing operation	2012	Electrical Engineering in Japan (English translation of Denki Gakkai Ronbunshi)	It is important to discuss the behavior of traffic at merging sections for the design and realization of an automated guided vehicle system (AGVS). In this study, we deal with a merging section of the AGVS by considering the time limit for the merging of vehicles. Near the merging section, the traffic flow in one direction forms a queue to avoid collisions between vehicles. We present an improvement of the control strategy proposed in previous research. However, since it is difficult to analyze the mathematical model of the merging section, analysis can be performed only for the case in which the time limit is set to the least values. We also propose a method for analyzing the model for an arbitrary time limit by using a linear recurrence relation. We discuss quantitatively the influence of the time limit on the average queue length and the detour rate. Copyright  2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicle,FA,linear recurrence relation,Markov chain,modeling
Dispatch problem of automated guided vehicles for serving tandem lift quay crane	2012	Transportation Research Record	New quay cranes (QCs) have been designed to increase terminal productivity by lifting more containers simultaneously. But QC productivity relies on efficient cooperation with the vehicles carrying the containers. This paper investigates the synchronization scheduling problem between the automated guided vehicles and these new QCs. The problem is formulated as a mixed integer linear programming model. Because of the problem's complexity, a heuristic dispatch rule is proposed for practical purposes. Then, to balance the computation time and the quality of the solution, a neighborhood search method is designed by investigating the working sequences of automated guided vehicles. Numerical experiments show that both heuristics obtain good solutions within extremely short times and that the neighborhood search method generally performs better in relation to the objective value.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	United States	9	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Integrated RMS layout and flow path design: Modelling and a heuristic method	2012	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	This paper proposed a new model for the integrated layout and flow path design problem of reconfigurable manufacturing system (RMS) using AGV and developed a heuristic method for it. In the proposed model, the layout and the flow path were considered at the same time. And the objective was to minimize the total material handling cost. A heuristic method, named EMLG, was developed to solve the proposed model. Variable neighbourhood search was adopted in the local search procedure of EMLG. The forces of particles were calculated separately and the particles were moved separately. Several computation cases were carried out. The computation results show that the solution quality of the integrated model is much better than that of the step by step one and the proposed method is able to complete computation in limited time and gets high quality solutions. This indicates that the proposed method is effective.  2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Electromagnetism-like mechanism,Flow path design,Layout design
A comparison of two approaches for collision avoidance of an automated guided vehicle using monocular vision	2012	Applied Mechanics and Materials	In this paper a comparison of two approaches for collision avoidance of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) using monocular vision is presented. The first approach is by floor sampling. The floor where the AGV operates, is usually monotone. Thus, by sampling the floor, the information can be used to search similar pixels and establish the floor plane in its vision. Therefore any other objects are considered as obstacles and should be avoided. The second approach employs the Canny edge detection method. The Canny edge detection method allows accurate detection, close to real object, and minimum false detection by image noise. Using this method, every edge detected is considered to be part of an obstacle. This approach tries to avoid the nearest obstacle to its vision. Experiments are conducted in a control environment. The monocular camera is mounted on an ERP-42 Unmanned Solution robot platform and is the sole sensor providing information for the robot about its environment.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	3	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Edge detection,Floor sampling,Mobile robot,Monocular vision
Robust Kalman filter based localisation of an omnidirectional automated guided vehicle	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used as material handling systems as industry moves toward an era of complete automation and "mass customisation". The current techniques that provide navigation, control and manoeuvrability of the automated guided vehicles pose threats of bottlenecks and inefficiencies in manufacturing environments that strives towards optimisation of part production. This paper proposes a decentralised localisation technique of an omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicle. Implementation of these vehicles into a material handling system of a computer integrated manufacturing environment would increase the characteristics of robustness, efficiency, flexibility and advanced manoeuvrability.  2012 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Navigation,Robotic Systems
Experiment study of AGV navigation based on multi-sensor	2012	Advanced Materials Research	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a kind of wheeled mobile robot, which used for the internal and external transport of materials from one place to another in flexible manufacture system (FMS). AGV are also used for repeating transportation tasks in other areas, such as warehouses, container terminals and external (underground) transportation systems. The AGV navigation algorithms are classified as global or local, depending on surrounding environment. In global navigation, the environment surrounding the AGV is known and the path which avoids the obstacle is selected. In local navigation, the environment surrounding the AGV is unknown, and sensors are used to detect the obstacles and avoid collision. In the past, a number of algorithms have been designed by many researchers for robot navigation problems. Through analyzing the existing positioning methods and precision for AGV, this paper design and develop a new navigation software based on multi-sensor information fusion algorithm, it is proved through the theory analysis and experiment that the position precision of AGV is ≤±5mm, posture precision is ≤±0.3°. It can full meet the requirements of robot's accuracy.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Multi-sensors navigation,Positioning method,Wheeled mobile robot
Autonomous conveyance control of AGV based on knowledge of taxi transportation rules	2012	Key Engineering Materials	Recently, demand has been increasing for various kinds and volumes of manufacturing systems. Also, the importance of the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is increasing because it can flexibly correspond to the change of equipment in a factory. This paper describes an autonomous conveyance system for AGV based on a taxi transportation strategy. The system focuses on knowledge of a flexible taxi system in traffic engineering. A taxi is a transport unit in a traffic system with higher flexibility in traveling routes and arrival/departure points compared with railways and buses. In the present report, the waiting mode of a taxi is applied as an AGV rule and investigated to verify the effect of the proposed system. Moreover, the effect of multi-loaded AGV on system performance such as matching time and conveyance efficiency is investigated. A numerical experiment has been conducted to evaluate them. As a result, it was found that introduction of multi-loaded AGV is effective at reducing matching time without conveyance efficiency decrease.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle,Conveyance system,Multi-loaded AGV,Taxi,Waiting mode
Efficient genetic algorithm for unidirectional flow path design	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The flow path design is the determination of the direction of each segment and the paths that will be used by vehicles in production units. It is necessary to ensure that all pick up and delivery point can be reached from any other point. The organization of these roads directly influences the performance of the system. For example, the time of transport depends on, as the number of necessary vehicle. That is why this problem is one of the most important issues in designing an AGV (automated guided vehicles) system. This work deals with flow path design problem for a conventional unidirectional network. An efficient optimization method based on genetic algorithm is developed in order to solve the case of minimizing the total travel distance considering both loaded and empty travels. This study is made in collaboration with ANDRA (National Agency for Radioactive Waste Management) To ensure the efficiency of the proposed optimization method, computational experiments are carried out.  2012 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	3	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Empty travel,Flow path design,Genetic algorithm,Unidirectional
Online scheduling of flexible job-shops with blocking and transportation	2012	European Journal of Industrial Engineering	This paper deals with online scheduling of a flexible job-shop with blocking where jobs are transported between the machines by one or several automated guided vehicles. The objective is to minimise the total weighted tardiness of the jobs. Schedules have to be generated online (i.e., jobs only become known to the scheduler at their respective release dates) as well as in real time (i.e., only a limited amount of computation time is allowed). We propose a MIP formulation for the offline situation and an online Tabu search algorithm that decomposes the problem into an assignment and a scheduling subproblem. In some computational experiments online and offline algorithms are compared for various problem instances. Copyright  2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	15	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Blocking,Flexible job-shop,Online scheduling,Scheduling,Total weighted tardiness
Analysis of the job shop system with transport and setup times in deadlock-free operating conditions	2012	Archives of Control Sciences	This paper presents a generalized job-shop problem taking into consideration transport time between workstations and setups machines in deadlock-free operating conditions. The automated transportation system, employing a number of automated guided vehicles is considered. The completion time of all jobs was applied as the optimization criterion. The created computational application was used to solve this problem in which chosen priority algorithms (FIFO, LIFO, LPT, SPT, EDD and LWR) were implemented. Various criteria were used to assess the quality of created schedules. Numerical results of the comparative research were presented for various criteria and rules of the priority.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	Deadlock,Dispatch rules,Job shop,Production schedule,Setup time,Transport
IEEE802.11n standard's capability to support wireless device in vehicular environment	2012	7th International Conference on Electrical and Control Technologies, ECT 2012	Mobile communication based on wireless local area network (WLAN) technology have potential to support automated guided vehicle and in the same time to obtain Internet connectivity for users in-motion. Wireless access for the vehicular environment based on IEEE802.11p technology provides the required principally standardization for vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) and vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) solution, and supports raw data rate up to 27 Mbps. While devices based on IEEE802.11n technology for mobile users can provide data rate up to 600Mbps. In this article is presented an experimental study of IEEE802.11n in legacy mode settings compare to IEEE802.11g standard using off-the-shelf equipments in vehicle to infrastructure scenario. In particular, there is shown the performance of TCP transfer between a high mobile user and stationer WLAN base stations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Latvia	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications	Goodput evaluation,IEEE802.11G/N,Vehicular traffic scenario,WLAN
A Monte Carlo simulation to estimate TAGV production time in a stochastic flexible automated manufacturing system: A Case study	2012	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	This paper concerns with applying tandem automated guided vehicle (TAGV) configurations as material handling devices and optimising the production time considering the effective time parameters in a flexible automated manufacturing system (FAMS) using Monte Carlo simulation. Due to different configurations of TAGVs in an FAMS, the material handling activities are performed. With respect to various stochastic time parameters and the TAGV defects during material handling processes, sample data are collected and their corresponding probability distributions are fitted. Using the probability distributions, we model the TAGV material handling problem via Monte Carlo simulation. The effectiveness of the proposed model is illustrated in a case study.  2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	FAMS,Flexible automated manufacturing system,Monte Carlo simulation,TAGV,Tandem automated guided vehicle
Queue-based local scheduling and global coordination for real-time operation control in a container terminal	2012	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	To maximize the productivity of a container terminal, the operations of various types of equipments should be optimized and synchronized in real time. However, use of optimization techniques such as mathematical programming or search-based meta-heuristics becomes difficultwhen given a large-scaled problem due to their high computational cost. Addressing this problem, the queue-based local scheduling and global coordination method proposed in this paper stands as a viable alternative. The method consists of the following steps. First, separate schedules are locally generated for each equipment type using a queue-based dispatching heuristic which pays attention to the queue lengths of the quay cranes (QCs) under service. Next, the schedules are executed via a simulation and a notable QC delay is identified. Based on the analysis on the causes of this delay, some compromising adjustments are made to the priorities of relevant jobs. Then, the localized scheduling followed by the adjustment is repeated until the termination condition is met. Adopting simple heuristics in the local scheduling phase, the overall process easily meets the real-time constraint, yet producing an integrated schedulewith a better global perspective than the myopic heuristic-only approach.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Container terminal,Job allocation,Real-time scheduling,Synchronization
Microsimulation Modeling of Coordination of Automated Guided Vehicles at Intersections	2012	Transportation Research Record	One of the challenges with autonomous vehicles is their performance at intersections. An alternative control method for the coordination of autonomous vehicles at intersections is shown. The proposed approach was grounded in multiple-robot coordination and took into account vehicle dynamics as well as realistic communications constraints. The existing concept of decentralized navigation functions was combined with a sensing model, and a crossing strategy was developed. The simulation results showed that because of the proposed approach, vehicles had smoother trajectories when crossing at a four-way intersection. The proposed method was compared with adaptive traffic lights and roundabouts in terms of throughput. Results showed that using a decentralized navigation function for the coordination of autonomous vehicles improved their performance by reducing energy consumption and pollution emissions.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Switzerland	7	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
The design of an AGV in the manufacturing cell	2012	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	An automated material handling system is a must for an automated production system. An AGV (automated guided vehicle) therefore is one of the promising carriers used in the production line as a link between stations. However, an algorithm for determination number of AGVs required to satisfy the production is not quite prevalent and sometimes it is complicated. This paper aims to demonstrate a calculation of AGV required and then to verify the result by a simulation program. It is found that this proposed methodology is very useful and applicable for an early stage design of AGV. In the study case with 15 stations and elapse time ranging from 7 to 233 minutes. The required number of AGV is 8 units with 87.76% utilization and 3.44 second system waiting time.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	1	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	AGV,Material Handling System,Simulation
Hierarchical model-based control for automated baggage handling systems	2012	Lecture Notes in Control and Information Sciences	2012, Springer London.This chapter presents a unified and extended account of previous work regarding modern baggage handling systems that transport luggage in an automated way using destination-coded vehicles (DCVs). These vehicles transport the bags at high speeds on a network of tracks. To control the route of each DCV in the system we first propose centralized and distributed predictive control methods. This results in nonlinear, nonconvex, mixed integer optimization problems. Therefore, the proposed approaches will be expensive in terms of computational effort. As an alternative, we also propose a hierarchical control framework where at higher control levels we reduce the complexity of the computations by simplifying and approximating the nonlinear optimization problem by a mixed integer linear programming (MILP) problem. The advantage is that for MILP problems, solvers are available that allow us to efficiently compute the global optimal solution. To compare the performance of the proposed control approaches we assess the trade-off between optimality and CPU time for the obtained results on a benchmark case study.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	1	Library and Information Sciences	None
Towards decentralised AGV control with negotiations	2012	Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications	Flexible solutions in the field of intralogistics are needed more and more because of a higher dynamic in the environment. A possible solution to achieve higher flexible and are robuster system is the use of an automated guided vehicle (agv) system. In this paper current research in the field of decentralized agv system control i.e. in conflict free routing and in decentralized order allocation is described. Furthermore approaches to improve self-control by introducing negotiations are presented as well as the challenges that arise when such approaches should be realized.  2012 The Authors and IOS Press.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Artificial Intelligence	automated guided vehicles,intralogistics,multi agent system,negotiations,self-control
Vehicle OHT dispatching performance analysis of an AMHS in 300 mm semiconductor FABs	2012	Journal of Donghua University (English Edition)	To improve the performance of an automated material handling system (AMHS) in 300 mm semiconductor fabrication plants (FABs), an overhead-hoist-transport (OHT) vehicle dispatching problem was described for semiconductor FABs. An original wafer lot dispatching policy was proposed. To minimize costs due to transportation logic, a dispatching rule based on an adapted Hungarian algorithm was presented, and six factors were considered. In addition to the recurring parameters, two original parameters of the vehicles utilization and wafer lot priority were considered to evaluate system performance. To obtain a balanced efficiency regarding the FAB output factors, simulation and sensitive analysis were used to find the best weight parameters of the cost matrix. In particular, a high rate of priority wafer lots (greater than 20%) and vehicles utilization (greater than 75%) are obtained without penalizing the efficiency of the FABs. The results indicate that the proposed dispatching policy is valid and practical. Copyright2012 by Editorial Board of Journal of Donghua University, Shanghai, China.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Polymers and Plastics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cost matrix,Dispatching rule,Hungarian algorithm,Overhead-hoist-transport (OHT)
A study on the configuration of handling equipments for container terminal	2012	Advanced Materials Research	A configuration model of handling equipments was developed for container terminal based on integer programming, which aims at the problem of configuration of handling equipments such as quay crane, yard crane and internal truck of container terminal. The model's objective function was subject to the minimization of the total comprehensive cost. Furthermore, spreadsheet is employed to resolve this model to determine the best configuration of handling equipments. Finally, experiments considered some terminal with various throughputs were used for verifying this model. Therein, it was found from the computational results that the proposed approach could efficiently solve the configuration of handling equipments.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Comprehensive cost,Container terminal,Handling equipment,Integer programming,Optimized configuration
Scheduling and routing of autonomous moving objects on a mesh topology	2012	Operational Research	Autonomous moving objects (AMOs), such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and autonomous robots, have been widely used in industry for decades. In an intelligent transport system with a great number of AMOs involved, it is desirable to maintain a smooth traffic flow of AMOs without congestion or deadlocks. Continuing our previous study, in this paper we propose a new algorithm for concurrent scheduling and routing of a great number (i.e., 4n 2) of AMOs on an n × n mesh topology of path network. As a significant improvement compared with the previous algorithm, this new algorithm achieves 3n concurrent rectilinear steps of routing for all 4n 2 AMOs, while no congestion or deadlocks arise from them when all AMOs are moving around on the mesh topology. The theoretical analysis and calculations of the algorithm are verified by randomly generated data in our experiments.  2010 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	3	Numerical Analysis,Modeling and Simulation,Strategy and Management,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Management Science and Operations Research,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Management of Technology and Innovation	Autonomous moving object,Mesh topology,Scheduling and routing
Energy-efficient tracking control for automatic guided vehicle	2012	Applied Mechanics and Materials	As one kind of mobile robots, the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) has been used in more and more applications. Meanwhile, some challenges in this field still exist, which limits the AGV's further application. One of the greatest challenges is the energy conservation due to AGV's limited energy-storage capability. Besides, the AGV tracking issue has not been well addressed yet though being studied for over two decades. This work presents an optimal velocity scheme for AGV energy-efficient tracking control, with consideration of both trajectory tracking and energy conservation involved in a nonlinear optimization problem. The proposed controller possesses the easiness for design and universality for kinematics modeling of other wheeled mobile robots. In addition, the controller's stability and convergence were proved using Lyapunov theory. Finally, the computer simulation results demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed controller.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	AGV,Energy efficiency,Optimization,Trajectory tracking
Vibration control of a coil car by using final-state control	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	A coil car is an equipment that carries the galvanized coil from the continuous galvanizing line (CGL) to the skid of the automatic guided vehicle. In this paper, a vibration minimized acceleration profile was designed to reduce the residual vibration after positioning to improve the productivity. The effectiveness of the proposed method is shown by simulations.  2012 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Coil car,Final-state control,Vibration minimized trajectory
A comparative study on two types of automated container terminal systems	2012	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	This paper introduces a new type of automated container terminal system, which utilizes multistory frame bridges and rail-mounted trolleys to transport containers between the quay and the yard. For this new design concept, this paper makes an explorative study to identify the challenges and opportunity for it to be applied in transshipment hubs. We compare the transport efficiency and stacking capacity between this new system and the widely used AGV-based system. Several analytical models and performance measures are proposed for the quantitative comparisons between these two ACT systems.  2006 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	20	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated container terminals,Automated guided vehicle systems,Port operation,Transshipment hubs
An innovative drive train design for improved dead reckoning accuracy in automated guided vehicles	2012	Advanced Materials Research	The automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a key component for the successful implementation of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). AGVs are wheeled mobile robots (WMR) employed for material handling in the constantly evolving layouts of these modern factory shop floors. As such their ability to navigate autonomously is an equally important aspect to sustain an efficient manufacturing process. However, their mobility efficiency is inherently affected by the unproductive systematic and non-systematic odometry errors. Odometry errors mainly occur due to the mobility configuration of the AGV drive train and the surface characteristics the robot is interacting with. Odometry error accumulates over the distance traveled and leads to severe dead reckoning inaccuracy if the robot's feedback control mechanism is unable to correct the error fast. This paper proposes an innovative drive train mechanism called dual planetary drive (DPD) that will minimize odometry errors without the need for complex electronic feedback control systems.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Dead reckoning,Dual planetary drive,Odometry error,Planetary gear train,Wheeled mobile robots
AUV guidance system for dynamic trajectory generation	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper considers an AUV guidance system for collision-free transit and complete area coverage. A topologically organized neural network model is used to represent the operating environment. The activity of each neuron, characterized by a shunting equation, is used to represent the local environmental information. Targeted areas have the highest values. The AUV moves from areas with low activity to areas with higher activity like in a potential field navigation. The kinetic constraints of the AUV are taken into account by using Dubins theory to generate feasible paths.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,AUVs,Dubins path,Neural-network models,Path planning,Trajectory planning
Optimization problem of assignment containers to AIVs in a container terminal	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The maritime transportation is one of the important economic fields. It permits to exchange a huge volume of goods across the world every year. In order to ameliorate the productivity of this field, it was necessary to automate the port equipment. But this solution has some limits, particularly in optimization of handling goods operations. The ship can remain a long period of time waiting the loading or unloading operation. Several researchers had been interested in this problem; it was different modules in this field. In this paper, we are interested in assignment containers to AIV optimization problem; it includes also the AIV routing problem. We propose a resolution method; a mathematical model is made by analogy with the vehicle routing problem and the proposed approach is a genetic algorithm. An experimental calculus is made and the numerical results are acceptable.  2012 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	0	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Containers,Genetic Algorithm,Optimization,Scheduling,Vehicle Routing Problem
Dynamic task assignment of autonomous distributed AGV in an intelligent FMS environment	2012	IEEJ Transactions on Electronics, Information and Systems	The need of implementing distributed system is growing significantly as it is proven to be effective for organization to be flexible against a highly demanding market. Nevertheless, there are still large technical gaps need to be addressed to gain significant achievement. We propose a distributed architecture to control Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) operation based on multi-agent architecture. System architectures and agents' functions have been designed to support distributed control of AGV. Furthermore, enhanced agent communication protocol has been configured to accommodate dynamic attributes of AGV task assignment procedure. Result proved that the technique successfully provides a better solution.  2012 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Contract net protocol,Multi agent system
A comparison of control techniques for robust docking maneuvers of an AGV	2012	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	This work addresses the path tracking problem of industrial guidance systems used by automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in load transfer operations. We focus on the control law that permits to AGVs to operate tracking a predefined route with industrial grade of accuracy, repeatability and reliability. One of the main issues of this problem is related to the important weight variation of AGVs when transporting a load, which induces slipping and skidding effects. Besides, localization error of the guidance system should be taken into account because position estimation is typically performed at a low sample rate. Other key point is that control law oscillations can knock down the load, which gives rise to safety and performance problems. Three control techniquesfuzzy, vector pursuit and flatness-based controlare compared in order to evaluate how they can deal with these problems and satisfy the robustness requirements of such an industrial application.  2011 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	31	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),flatness control,fuzzy control,nonlinear robust control,vector pursuit
Online dispatching of rail-guided vehicles in an automated air cargo terminal	2012	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	A problem of dispatching rail-guided vehicles (RGVs) for completing transportation requests arises in an automated air cargo terminal. The problem involves transportation requests as appear dynamically in a stochastic manner and aims to minimize total travel distance of each RGV. This work presents a model and a preliminary solution approach for the problem with a single RGV having unit capacity. Computational studies performed on randomly generated instances are used to evaluate the approach, and the performance is compared with that of a priority-based approach which mimics the one used in practice.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	4	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Adaptive phototransistor sensor for line finding	2012	Procedia Engineering	Line finding is used by wheeled mobile robot for localization. A phototransistor array was designed to detect the line position relative to the robot. This sensor is composed of six phototransistors to detect the position of line on the floor relative to the wheeled mobile robot. Because the ambience may change with time and the floor colour may be different from one location to another, an adaptive scheme has been designed to find the line on the floor. This proposed scheme consists of three parts; modulation and demodulation, threshold recognition with k-means clustering, and line finding with fuzzy logic. Modulation and demodulation technique is used to tackle the problem of different ambience in the surrounding. K-means clustering is used to recognize the contrast in the colour of line and floor while fuzzy logic is used to find the line relative to the sensor. Experiments were conducted in a microcontroller and it was found out that this scheme can find the line on the floor with minimum error.  2012 The Authors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	5	Engineering (all)	Discrete Fourier transform,Fuzzy logic,K-means clustering,Line finding,Phototransistor
Autonomous decentralized FMS and its efficient AGVs control	2012	Key Engineering Materials	This paper describes Autonomous Decentralized FMS (AD-FMS) and its method to control automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) by using a memory. The aim is to increase the reasoning efficiency of a system the authors call reasoning to anticipate the future (RAF) which controls AGVs in AD-FMS. This RAF applies hypothetical reasoning to the number of next actions that can be considered for the AGV (competing hypotheses). However, if the number of agents included in the hypothetical reasoning process in the RAF is increased, the number of next actions that are considered as competing hypotheses also increases. As a result, the replacement of true and false hypotheses and number of repetitions of discrete production simulations produced by these replacements are increased, giving rise to the problem of decreased reasoning efficiency of the RAF. The present article reports a method to solve these problems. The reported method, the authors call ranking by oblivion and memory (ROM), is based on the idea that when a production situation occurs that is the same as one in the past, the same destination as in the past is more likely to be selected; that is, it has a high probability of being selected as the true hypothesis. By applying the ROM to AD-FMSs constructed on a computer, it was found that under all conditions the ROM reduced the number of hypothesis replacements to half that of a conventional system, demonstrating the validity of this system.  (2012) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Agv,Autonomous decentralized system,Fms,Intelligent manufacturing,Production engineering
A novel methodology for modelling yard cranes at seaport terminals to support planning and real-time decision making	2012	International Journal of Six Sigma and Competitive Advantage	This paper addresses the need by terminal operators to optimise the yard crane operations at seaport terminals. It introduces a novel agent-based approach to model yard cranes, where each crane acts as an autonomous agent that seeks to maximise its utility. A key component of the proposed agent-based simulation model is a set of utility functions that properly capture the essential decision making attributes of crane operators in choosing the next truck to serve. Simulation results reveal important insights about distance-based service strategy and time-based service strategy and how they can be used together to accomplish the terminal's operational objectives. The developed simulation tool can be used by terminal management to make strategic planning and/or real-time operational decisions to improve and optimise yard crane operations.  2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Seaport container terminals,Simulation,Truck service improvement,Yard cranes optimisation
Reusing model components in logistics simulation and device emulation in container terminal operation with open-source framework DESMO-J	2012	International Journal of Simulation and Process Modelling	With this applied research study, we are demonstrating how an open-source Java simulation framework can be extended beyond standard logistic studies as the main application domain so far to evaluate and test container terminal control systems. We are investigating whether implementing model components of container terminals in such a flexible way that they can be applied in logistics simulation as well as in device emulation test beds is feasible. This paper outlines our experience in extending DESMO-J for a broader range of applications in the context of container terminals and in developing reusable model components for simulation and emulation. Copyright  2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Container terminal,DESMO-J,Device emulation,Discrete simulation framework,Logistics simulation,Model components
Computer vision assisted line following robot	2012	Procedia Engineering	This paper proposed a way of automating the supply chain in industries. For the purpose of demonstration an industrial manufacturing site is modeled as a multi colored zone with a robot representing the vehicles. Navigation of the robot within the zone is realized through line following techniques with intelligence provided by appropriate image processing. The components used are a laptop, a Line Follower, USB camera, serial communication cable. The processes involved are color based segmentation, robot navigation, character differentiation, node counting, transmission of navigation signals.  2012 Published by Elsevier Ltd.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	3	Engineering (all)	Color segmentation,Line following,Logistics model,Machine vision application
Fully automatic ultrasound guided diffuse optical tomography (US-DOT) system for whole breast imaging	2012	Biomedical Optics, BIOMED 2012	A priori information can be used to guide near-infrared diffuse optical tomography reconstruction and improve quantification. The goal of this study is to develop a hands-free, fully automatic US-DOT system for quantitative whole breast imaging.  OSA 2012.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Biotechnology,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	None
Modeling of schedule-based path planning for automated vehicles guided by uni-directed rails	2012	International Journal of Automation Technology	The aim of this paper is to construct a specialized method of path planning for transportation in a conveyance system composed of automated vehicles running on uni-directional rails in a manufacturing factory. In the conveyance system, there exist redundant rails in addition to the rails that directly connect any two production resources. Every vehicle is permitted to run on roundabout rails to avoid other vehicles stopped on the rail in front of the production resource, thus allowing it to arrive at its destination in a shorter time. The adoption of roundabout rails creates multiple candidates for the transportation path between two resources, and the performance of the conveyance system depends on the path that is selected. In the present paper, a new set of formulations is defined to describe the movements of the vehicles, and the conveyance plans are represented on a Gantt chart as a future schedule for all vehicles. The defined formulations give the exact scheduled time at both edges of the rail, i.e., they neglect the status of the vehicles between nodes. We also explain a practical path-planning procedure to generate an appropriate path through the adoption of Dijkstra's algorithm, referring to the times represented on the Gantt chart, and the validity of the procedure is examined by computational simulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dijkstra's algorithm,Path planning,Schedule,Shortest time path,Uni-directional rail
Development of a Real-Time Task Editable Service-Oriented Security Robot	2012	Journal of Interdisciplinary Mathematics	Robots are widely used in modern industrial manufacturing, in households, in entertainment, and in the security sector. Recently, because of the complexity of household-robot missions remotely controlled by the host, the development of a real-time task editable service-oriented security robot that may efficiently execute routine missions by avoiding advance instruction is necessary In this paper, an intelligent and interactive security robot is developed. In order to remotely manipulate the robot’s movements, both the PC-base’s TCP/IP protocol and the Web-base with an active server page (ASP) function via an access point (AP) are adopted. To facilitate targeted functions, interactivity in conjunction with high quality sensors plays an essential role. To avoid colliding with a barrier, an ultrasonic sensor is installed on both sides of the security robot. By using infrared sensors, the electric charge station can be detected. Additionally, electrical devices used in a home equipped with RF receivers can be remotely manipulated by receiving signals transmitted from the RF transmitter of the security robot. Moreover, for security purposes, an infrared sensor installed in the security robot is used to detect a house invasion by an unwanted intruder, causing both the alarm and the web-camera to be triggered simultaneously. Here, in order to deal with all signals, a 8051 microchip connected to the robot’s mother board is used. The 8051 microchip will receive the signals (Web-Cam system, the infrared sensor, the body infrared sensor, and the ultrasonic sensor) and trigger the devices (Web-Cam system’ motor, wheel’s motors, alarm system, and RF-transmitter) Consequently, a prototype security robot has been manufactured and successfully tested in the laboratory.  2012, Taru Publications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Analysis,Applied Mathematics	Infrared rays,Radio ray,Security robot,Ultrasonic rays
Automatic guidance of underground mining vehicles using laser sensors	2012	Tunnelling and Underground Space Technology	Autonomous guided vehicles are becoming extremely important in the mining industry. The underground environment is unique and complex in that the lighting conditions are poor, the roads are difficult to traverse, and no GPS can accurately receive signals in these areas. This paper analyzes the characteristics of commonly used positioning methods given that ordinary positioning and navigation methods do not work effectively underground. We outline the composition and principles in underground guidance of autonomous vehicles using the laser-based positioning system. This system is unique in that it draws on the premise of barcode theory, which allows for a feasible relative navigation system even without a GPS. Algorithms were developed to provide real-time control for an autonomous guided scraper. In the vehicle experiment, the scraper was able to autonomously move along the simulated laneway, and the trial average range longitudinal error was only 15. cm in a 40-m distance. Hence, this new type of positioning and navigation system can accurately and reliably guide vehicles.  2011.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Building and Construction,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology	Automated guidance,Beaconing,Laser positioning,Laser-transmitter,Mining,Vehicle
Analysis of airport check-in counter allocation policies using simulation	2012	11th International Conference on Modeling and Applied Simulation, MAS 2012, Held at the International Multidisciplinary Modeling and Simulation Multiconference, I3M 2012	This study tackles the check-in counter allocation problem of Ataturk International Airport. Check-in process is required for all passengers and has to be completed 30 minutes before the flight time. Resources of this operation are check-in counters which are allocated to airline firms. This study analyses two different check-in counter allocation policies. The first policy allocates a fixed number of counters for a fixed duration of time to each flight. Second policy is the dynamic allocation policy-which allows airline firms to rent new counters or release counters dynamically by considering the time left until flight and the number of passengers that have not checked in yet. We used simulation to analyze the effects of these policies on passenger waiting times and counter utilizations. Results showed that dynamic policy reduce the waiting times by using counters in a more efficient way.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Modeling and Simulation	Airport resource allocation,Airport simulation,Check-in counter allocation,Resource allocation policy evaluation
A modified disjunctive graph for job-shop scheduling problems with bounded processing times and transportation constraints	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In this paper, we propose a modified disjunctive graph to represent and help to address various types of job-shop problems with transport constraints. This graph contains positive and negative arcs for bounded processing times, and nodes for representation of processing tasks, transportation tasks and storage posts. Furthermore, solutions can be evaluated both by their makespan and by their total storage time for all operations if necessary. A modified shifting bottleneck procedure is used to solve the considered problems for minimizing makespan. To valid our approach, several types of benchmarks are tested, corresponding to flexible manufacturing systems and surface treatment facilities. Computational results show that the proposed graph and method are efficient and can deal with more general cases.  2012 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	4	Control and Systems Engineering	Bounded processing times,Disjunctive graph,Job shop problem,Shifting Bottleneck Procedure,Transportation
Thermal design of a sealed air cooling local environment control system for precision instruments in-vehicle	2012	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Local environment control system (LECS) has been widely used in many areas as the necessary guarantee for most precision instruments. A sealed air cooling constant temperature box with dual-chamber structure that can provide constant working condition for precision instruments in-vehicle was developed. According to the heat transfer analysis of the double plate-fins heatsink, the heat radiation area and dimensions were determined based on electrical analogy. The air flow rate and temperature distribution of the system in heat steady-state was simulated by CFD software, and the results are consistent with that of experimental test. In different conditions, the thermal test results indicate that when the heat flow rate in the inner chamber is about 170 W, the temperature difference between inner chamber and environment is no more than 6.5 °C. The thermal design and test methods can be as the reference for the design of other precision instruments in-vehicle.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Air cooling,Constant temperature control,Precision instruments,Thermal design
Scheduling of automated guided vehicle and flexible jobshop using jumping genes Genetic algorithm	2012	American Journal of Applied Sciences	Problem statement: Now a day's many researchers try Genetic algorithm based optimization to find near optimal solution for flexible job shop. It is a global search. In Our study in the GA, some changes are made to search locally and globally by adding jumping genes operation. A typical flexible job shop model is considered for this research study. For that layout, five different example problems are formulated for purpose of evaluation. The material flow time for different shop types, processing times of products, waiting times of products, sequences of products are created and given in tabular form. Approach: The one of best evolutionary approach i.e., genetic algorithm with jumping genes operation is applied in this study, to optimize AGV flow time and the performance measures of Flexible Job shop manufacturing system. The non dominated sorting approach is used. Genetic algorithm with jumping genes operator is used to evaluate the method. Results: The AGV flow sequence is found out. Using this flow sequence make span, flow time of products with AGV, completion of the products is minimized. The position of the shop types are calculated for all products. The effectiveness of the proposed method is proved by comparing with Hamed Fazlollahtabar method. Conclusion: It is found that jumping genes genetic algorithm delivered good solutions as like as other evolutionary algorithms. Jumping genes genetic algorithm may applied to Multi objective optimization techniques in future.  2012 Science Publication.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Multidisciplinary	Automated guided vehicle,Flexible jobshop manufacturing system,Jumping genes GA
Towards a conceptual design of intelligent material transport using artificial intelligence	2012	Strojarstvo	Reliable and efficient material transport is one of the basic requirements that affect productivity in industry. For that reason, in this paper two approaches are proposed for the task of intelligent material transport by using a mobile robot. The first approach is based on applying genetic algorithms for optimizing process plans. Optimized process plans are passed to the genetic algorithm for scheduling which generate an optimal job sequence by using minimal makespan as criteria. The second approach uses graph theory for generating paths and neural networks for learning generated paths. The Matlab software package is used for developing genetic algorithms, manufacturing process simulation, implementing search algorithms and neural network training. The obtained paths are tested by means of the Khepera II mobile robot system within a static laboratory model of manufacturing environment. The experiment results clearly show that an intelligent mobile robot can follow paths generated by using genetic algorithms as well as learn and predict optimal material transport flows thanks to using neural networks. The achieved positioning error of the mobile robot indicates that the conceptual design approach based on the axiomatic design theory can be used for designing the material transport and handling tasks in intelligent manufacturing systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	3	Mechanical Engineering	Artificial neural networks,Axiomatic design theory,Conceptual design,Genetic algorithms,Graph theory,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Mobile robot,Scheduling
Online Monitoring of a Sealed Air-Cooling Constant Temperature Control Apparatus	2012	Measurement and Control	According to the individual design and online monitoring of the local environment control system, and combined with a sealed air cooling constant temperature control apparatus, a constant temperature control strategy similar with fuzzy control has been proposed. The experimental results show that the steady-state temperature fluctuation is in the range of 0.2°C, and with good robustness. The ICA (Independent Component Analysis) method was adopted to separate and monitor the working state of the internal precision instrument, and the test results were in good agreement with the experiments. In addition, the monitor of system structure state changes using the observed temperature has been discussed and a new option to improve the online monitoring capacity of the internal precision measuring instrument has been provided for the local environment control system.  2012, The Institute of Measurement and Control. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Instrumentation,Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	None
Preparation, properties and application research of piezoelectric traffic sensors	2012	Procedia Engineering	With increasingly development of traffic construction, development of intelligent traffic sensors has great significance for dynamic monitoring of traffic vehicles. In this research, cement based piezoelectric intelligent traffic sensors were prepared by using PZT piezoelectric ceramic as the sensing element and the mixture of cement and epoxy resin as packaging material, and the linear property, sensitivity, repeating ability and pulse response ability of the sensors were also tested. The results show that sensors have superior pulse response property, high linearity and sensitivity under pulse loading, besides it has also good repeating ability under cycling loading. The traffic flow and traffic velocity were monitored by using the piezoelectric traffic sensors in a testing road. The research shows that the designed piezoelectric traffic sensors can monitor effectively the amount of passerby who pass through the testing road, and that the vehicle velocity can also be obtained accurately according to the pulse response interval of piezoelectric traffic sensors.  2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	5	Engineering (all)	Cement based piezoelectric sensor,Piezoelectric material,Traffic monitoring
Design and implementation of a self-guided indoor robot based on a two-tier localization architecture	2012	Pervasive and Mobile Computing	We consider building an indoor low-cost mobile robot that can be used in home applications. Due to the complicated nature of home environments, it is essential for such a robot to be self-guided in the sense that it is able to determine its current location as well as navigate to locations where it is commanded to. We propose a two-tier architecture to achieve this goal at centimeter-to-meter-level accuracy. The robot can even roam into an area which is new to it. We demonstrate a prototyping system based on an extended iRobot and the results have important implications on intelligent homes.  2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	9	Software,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications	Intelligent home,Localization,Pervasive computing,RFID,Robot
Conflict-free routing scheduling of OHTs based on multi-agent intelligent control system framework	2012	Journal of Donghua University (English Edition)	Overhead-hoist-transporters (OHTs) have become the most appropriate tools to transport wafer lots between inter-bay and intra-bay in united layouts of automated material handling systems (AMHSs) in 300 mm semiconductor wafer fabrications. To obtain a conflict-free scheduling solution, an intelligent multi-agent-based control system framework was built to support the AMHSs. And corresponding algorithms and rules were proposed to implement cooperation among agents. On the basis of the mentioned above, a time-constraint-based heuristic scheduling algorithm was presented to support the routing decision agent in searching the conflict-free shortest path. In the construction of the algorithm, the conflicted intervals of the k-shortest-route were identified with the time window theory. The most available path was chosen with an objective of the minimum completion time. The back tracking method was combined to finish the routing scheduling. Finally, experiments of the proposed method were simulated. The results show that the multi-agent framework is suitable and the proposed scheduling algorithm is feasible and valid.  2012 by Editorial Board of Journal of Donghua University, Shanghai, China.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Polymers and Plastics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Algorithm,Automated material handling system(AMHS),Conflict-free,Multi-agent system,Overhead-hoist-transporter (OHT),Scheduling
Ground-purity inspection for a group of robotic cleaners	2012	Transactions of the Canadian Society for Mechanical Engineering	The main purpose of this paper is to create a mechanism that can automatically inspect ground cleanliness of a group of mobile cleaning robots. A single-chip Microcontroller PIC18F4520 is used as a control core in the robot. The robot driven by two DC motors is equipped with two ultrasonic-ray-distance- detectors to calibrate the robot's movement via the detected angle between the wall and the robot. In addition, a vertical movement mechanism used to lift and put down the sample-gathering device is actuated via a motor-driven cam system. Moreover, a sample specimen of the ground impurity gathered by white gummed tape will be scrolled by a motor to a specified position for further photographic processing. The captured image will then be transmitted back to the remote pc -the master pc- for image analysis and cleanliness classification via a wireless network and a series port transmission protocol. Consequently, experimental results reveal that robot-inspected ground-cleanliness using image processing (a graying, a binarization, and a double erosion process) can determine the purity of the ground.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Mechanical Engineering	Binarization,Erosion,Graying,Ground-purity inspection,Infrared rays
Automatic WSDL - Guided test case generation for Proper testing of web services	2012	Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science, EPTCS	L. Lampropoulos and K. Sagonas.With web services already being key ingredients of modern web systems, automatic and easy-to-use but at the same time powerful and expressive testing frameworks for web services are increasingly important. Our work aims at fully automatic testing of web services: ideally the user only specifies properties that the web service is expected to satisfy, in the form of input-output relations, and the system handles all the rest. In this paper we present in detail the component which lies at the heart of this system: how the WSDL specification of a web service is used to automatically create test case generators that can be fed to PropEr, a property-based testing tool, to create structurally valid random test cases for its operations and check its responses. Although the process is fully automatic, our tool optionally allows the user to easily modify its output to either add semantic information to the generators or write properties that test for more involved functionality of the web services.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	12	Software	None
Low cost versatile autonomous vehicle with intelligent control system	2012	Procedia Engineering	Humankind has given itself the scientific name Homo sapiens (man the wise) because of our mental capacities are so important to our everyday lives and our sense of self. The requirement inspires to create new things. The basic machineries that makes our life simple and getting combined together to make the facilities for life more simple. This paper deals with the designing of the automatic guided vehicles enabled with artificial intelligence, to increase the efficiency and reduce time for searching any physical objects. The developed system prototype, a twin dc motor operated small vehicle has been interfaced with PC through standard USB port. Data from the vehicle is sent towards the PC through a transmission line using serial data transmission in the form of data stream. In software part, for searching the target as physical object, the image analysis of the object is accomplished using proposed near color value search method. The vehicle module is equipped with only one optical sensor i.e a standard web camera. This type of vehicle can be used in variety of application such as military spying, firefighting system, remote and autonomous exploration, home security etc.  2012 The Authors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Engineering (all)	Autonomous vehicle,Image sensor,Intelligent control,Linear image scan,Near colour search,Object identification
A small intelligent car system based on fuzzy control and CCD camera	2012	International Journal of Modelling, Identification and Control	A small intelligent car system based on MCU SPCE061A and MCU 89S52 was introduced. Firstly, CCD camera was used as its path recognition device to extract path information through image recognition. Based on fuzzy strategy and the least square method, two-dimensional information involving gear angle between the car and the path was measured. Then fuzzy PD controller was implemented based on MCU, which can guarantee to track accurately. Finally, experiment results are given to demonstrate that the designed system can track random path at smooth speed, and the overall system is stable and accurate. Copyright  2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	13	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	CCD camera,Fuzzy control,Path identification
Multi-criteria evaluation of stacking yard configuration	2012	Journal of King Saud University - Science	Nowadays container terminals play a pivotally important role in the world. As a consequence of facing the global trend of containerization, this paper proposed a modification in yard layout configuration for terminal throughput improvement. In this regard, three different scenarios of container yard layout were considered in the paper. Site layout planning can affect productivity and is obviously crucial to project success. Because of many uncertainties, variables and variations, site layout planning is a typical multi-objective problem. Actually this shows the multi-criteria property of decision making. Since then we have considered fixed and variable cost, transfer cycle time, flexibility and stacking capacity as the performance indicators. We also employed analytical hierarchy process (AHP) to evaluate each alternative layout with respect to each of the criterion and finally prioritized all the alternatives.  2010.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Multidisciplinary	Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP),Container terminal evaluation,Layout configuration,Multi-criteria decision making (MCDM),Sea transport
High efficient synchronization-on-demand protocol of IEEE 802.15.4 wireless sensor network for construction monitoring	2012	International Journal of Automation and Smart Technology	Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) technology is currently being employed in the field of civil engineering, especially in the areas of structural monitoring and construction safety. When used in construction site safety, time-synchronization within the sensor network is required to obtain important correlations between events, such as the prevention of equipment collisions. Here, we develop a highly efficient time synchronization method for an ultra-precise localization system to prevent collision accidents at construction sites. Without interfering with the operation of the entire sensor network, the developed protocol can locally synchronize several nodes within 10 ms. By measuring the time uncertainty information through the time stamping, wireless sensor nodes can be synchronized with only two transmitted packages from the beacon or specific nodes. Based on this proposed approach, 0.8 micro-second synchronization error was experimentally achieved on an IEEE 802.15.4 platform. Employing the developed method, the localization system was implemented and experimentally examined to have accuracy within several centimeters in the range of 2 m. This localization system can be used to identify the location of different construction equipment. This work demonstrates a simple and efficient approach to obtain high accuracy, low communication overhead, and robust synchronization for most WSN platforms to be used in automated monitoring at construction sites.  2012 International Journal of Automation and Smart Technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Anti-collision system,Synchronization,Ultrasonic localization,Wireless sensor network
Ambulance-initiated dispatching by centrality principle in emergency medical service	2012	62nd IIE Annual Conference and Expo 2012	This research develops a plug-in that can be flexibly used along with various myopic rules in ambulance-initiated dispatching decisions that involve the selection of a call among those waiting when an ambulance gets freed. The idea behind this plug-in is to give a higher priority to the call that is more centrally located with respect to other calls. When the plug-in is used in conjunction with a myopic rule, the units would smoothly proceed towards dense regions whilst efficiently exploiting calls, thereby keeping the completion rate at maximum. This plug-in is tested in various scenarios and demonstrates considerable reductions in response time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Ambulance ambulance-initiated dispatching,Centrality,Response time
A pattern-based genetic algorithm for multi-robot coverage path planning minimizing completion time	2012	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Sensor-based multi-robot coverage path planning problem is one of the challenging problems in managing flexible, computer-integrated, intelligent manufacturing systems. A novel pattern-based genetic algorithm is proposed for this problem. The area subject to coverage is modeled with disks representing the range of sensing devices. Then the problem is defined as finding a sequence of the disks for each robot to minimize the coverage completion time determined by the maximum time traveled by a robot in a mobile robot group. So the environment needs to be partitioned among robots considering their travel times. Robot turns cause the robot to slow down, turn and accelerate inevitably. Therefore, the actual travel time of a mobile robot is calculated based on the traveled distance and the number of turns. The algorithm is designed to handle routing and partitioning concurrently. Experiments are conducted using P3-DX mobile robots in the laboratory and simulation environment to validate the results.  2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	38	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Genetic algorithms,Intelligent manufacturing,Multi-robot,Path planning,Sensor-based coverage
Stochastic distributed multi-agent planning and applications to traffic	2012	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper proposes a method for multi-agent path planning on a road network in the presence of congestion. We suggest a distributed method to find paths for multiple agents by introducing a probabilistic path choice achieving global goals such as the social optimum. This approach, which shows that the global goals can be achieved by local processing using only local information, can be parallelized and sped-up using massive parallel processing. The probabilistic assignment reliably copes with the case of random choices of unidentified agents or random route changes of agents who ignore our path guidance. We provide the analytical result on convergence and running time. We demonstrate and evaluate our algorithm by an implementation using asynchronous computation on multi-core computers.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	14	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Optimal path planning for mobile robot in consideration of road attributes	2012	ICIC Express Letters	This paper proposes a strategy of optimal path planning for mobile robot in outdoor environment in consideration of road attributes, which comprise path length, surface roughness and road grade. The road in the environment is partitioned into multiple segments, and for each one the mode of the cost (energy consumption) that the robot will pay for is established under the constraints of the attributes. The path accessible to the goal is constituted by a part of segments and its cost is defined to be the sum of the cost of each segment. By comparing the total cost of each path, the optimal one with minimum cost is determined. After measuring the parameter values in the model experimentally, we carry out the simulation, where the superiority and important practical significance are shown by the comparison with traditional methods.  2012 ISSN 1881-803X.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Mobile robot,Path planning,Road attributes,Road grade,Surface roughness
Automatic recognition vision system guided for apple harvesting robot	2012	Computers and Electrical Engineering	In apple harvesting robot, the first key part is the machine vision system, which is used to recognize and locate the apples. In this paper, the procedure on how to develop an automatic recognition vision system guided for apple harvesting robot, is proposed. We first use a color charge coupled device camera to capture apple images, and then utilize an industrial computer to process images for recognising fruit. Meanwhile, the vector median filter is applied to remove the color images noise of apple, and images segmentation method based on region growing and color feature is investigated. After that the color feature and shape feature of image are extract, a new classification algorithm based on support vector machine for apple recognition is introduced to improve recognition accuracy and efficiency. Finally, these procedures proposed have been tested on apple harvesting robot under natural conditions in September 2009, and showed a recognition success rate of approximately 89% and average recognition time of 352 ms. Crown Copyright  2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	143	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A new design of fms with multiple objectives using goal programming	2012	11th International Conference on Modeling and Applied Simulation, MAS 2012, Held at the International Multidisciplinary Modeling and Simulation Multiconference, I3M 2012	The operation of the Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) includes complex and conflicted issues that result in the system performance. In the operational improvement studies in a FMS usually make in determination of a single-response measure. This paper presents an application for multi-response simulation optimization of a FMS via DOE (design of experiment), regression meta-model and goal programming (GP) together. A real FMS with four work stations is modeled by ARENA simulation software to optimize system performance measures considering five design and control parameters.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Modeling and Simulation	Design of Experiment,Flexible Manufacturing System,Goal Programming,Regression Meta-Model
Planning and optimization of AGV jobs by petri net and genetic algorithm	2012	Journal of Information and Organizational Sciences	The following article presents the possibilities of job optimization on a maritime container terminal, in order to increase the system productivity and optimize the terminal capacity. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are now becoming popular mode of container transport in seaport terminals. The moving of vehicles can be described as the set of discrete events and states. Some of these states can be undesirable such as conflicts and deadlocks. It is necessary to apply adequate control policy to avoid deadlocks and block the vehicles' moving only in the case of dangerous situation. This paper addresses the use a Petri net as modeling and scheduling tool in this context. The aim of AGV scheduling is to dispatch a set of AGVs to improve the productivity of a system and reduce delay in a batch of pickup/drop-off jobs under certain constraints such as deadlines, priority, etc. The final goals are related to optimization of processing time and minimization of the number of AGVs involved while maintaining the system throughput. To find better solutions, the authors propose the integration MRF1 class of Petri net (MRF1PN) with a genetic algorithm. Also, the use of a matrix based formal method is proposed to analyze discrete event dynamic system (DEDS). The algorithm is described to deal with multi-project, multi-constrained scheduling problem with shared resources. The developed model was tested and validated by simulation of typical scenarios of the container terminal of Port Koper. Modularity and simplicity of the approach allow using the model to monitor and test the efficiency of the processes, and also to propose future alternative solutions to optimize the schedule of operations and the employment of AGV at the terminal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Croatia	5	Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Library and Information Sciences	AGV job scheduling,Container terminal,Deadlock avoidance,Genetic algorithm,Optimization,Petri net
Systematic procedure for taxi-route conformance monitoring	2012	Journal of Aircraft	Asystematic procedure for the design and evaluation of a taxi-route conformance-monitoring system is presented. Specifically, two levels of solution algorithms are designed for two different granularities of a complete surface taxiroute conformance-monitoring problem. The macrolevel solutions focus on route identification in which aircraft are assumed to move within the specified taxiways and can only be on one route segment at any given time. The route segment that an aircraft is moving on is then uniquely determined based on a graph model of the airport structure. In comparison, the microlevel solutions identify both lateral position deviation and route deviation to determine if an aircraft stays within the specified taxiways and which routes it is on. It can detect the simultaneous occupancies of an aircraft on multiple route segments at a given time, such as during turns. For the microsolutions, the airport surface is described by a set of geometric shapes. Furthermore, frameworks for applying these algorithms in the presence of uncertainties are developed. Extensive numerical simulations are used to evaluate the performances of the proposed algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Aerospace Engineering	None
Automatic battery replacement system for UAVs: Analysis and design	2012	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	Future Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UASs) are expected to be nearly autonomous and composed of heterogeneous Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). While most of the current research focuses on UAV avionics and control algorithms, ground task automation has come to the attention of researchers during the past few years. Ground task automation not only relieves human operators, but may also expand the UAS operation area, improve system coverage and enable operation in risky environments without posing a threat to humans. We propose a model to evaluate the coverage of a given UAS. We also compare different solutions for various modules of an automated battery replacement system for UAVs. In addition, we propose a ground station capable of swapping a UAV's batteries, followed by a discussion of prototype components and tests of some of the prototype modules. The proposed platform is well-suited for high-coverage requirements and is capable of handling a heterogeneous UAV fleet.  2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	81	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous consumable replacement,Autonomy,Enabling technologies,Service station,UAVs,Unmanned aerial vehicles
Fault tolerant control for autonomous vehicle by generating references for rear wheels steering	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper deals with the fault tolerant control of an autonomous four-wheels-steering vehicle. In normal situations, the trajectory of the vehicle is controlled using the only front wheels steering actuator. It is known that the stability of the vehicle may be lost in specific faulty scenarios of the front wheels steering mechanism. An original approach is proposed, where rear wheels steering actuator is actively controlled in order to ensure the trajectory tracking in presence of front wheels steering faults. A dynamic references generator for rear wheels steering controller is designed using the flatness property of the studied system and is activated as soon as a fault is detected. This method is tested and validated on a realistic vehicle dynamic model simulated using CarSim software.  2012 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated vehicles,Dynamic reference generator,Fault tolerant control,Intelligent transportation systems,Rear wheels steering
Performance assessment and improvement of yard crane rehandling strategies for improving port drayage operations	2012	International Journal of Six Sigma and Competitive Advantage	Seaport terminals recognise the need to change current practices in order to improve regional air quality while enhancing their terminals' competitiveness. One area that terminals can do better at is to improve their yard crane operations and in turn reduce the trucks in-terminal delay. This study examines various container rehandling strategies by the yard cranes with the goal of improving the time it takes for a drayage truck to pick up an import container and hence reducing the time of engine idling and the stop-and-go lugging. Simulation results highlight the benefit of having truck arrival information, and they indicate that this study's proposed rehandling methods, which take advantage of truck arrival information, perform well compared to other methods. Also, the proposed backfilling method appears to be quite effective in reducing truck wait time.  2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Environmental stewardship,Simulation,Sseaport container terminals,Terminal and port drayage efficiency,Yard crane service strategies improvement
High stability lateral guided method for articulated vehicle based on sensor steering mechanism	2012	Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science	2012 Newswood Limited. All rights reserved.This paper proposes SSM (Sensor Steering Mechanism) for a lateral guided vehicle with an articulated body. Authors demonstrated the simple lateral guiding method SSM for the front wheel steer type, the reverse phase four-wheel steer type and the rear wheel steer type vehicle. SSM presents the stable lateral guiding performance for automated vehicle which follows a straight and curved path created by guideway. The other hand, SSM is not established for articulated vehicles such as wheel loaders and dump trucks used in the mine and construction site. This paper leads SSM for an articulated vehicle with arbitrary position of articulation joint and develops an experimental robotic vehicle with proposed SSM. Simulated and experimental data show the advantages of proposed SSM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Articulated vehicle,Dynamics,Line following,Mobile robot,SSM
Longitudinal control for automated vehicle guidance	2012	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper presents an automated vehicle guidance strategy with a special focus on the longitudinal control. Indeed, the longitudinal control plays an important role in the automated guidance strategy to ensure safety and comfort of automotive passengers. Sophisticated longitudinal control allows also to enhance fuel consumption reduction. Thus, a nonlinear longitudinal control design based on a Lyapunov approach is proposed taking into account the throttle, the brake and the gear ratio. The proposed longitudinal controller is coupled to a previously developed lateral guidance and the whole control architecture (coupled longitudinal and lateral control) performance is highlighted through simulations.  2012 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	5	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guidance,Automotive vehicle control,Longitudinal control
Target-point based path following controller for car-type vehicle using bounded feedback	2012	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	In this paper, we have studied the control problem of path following for car type vehicles. The target-point based path following problem has been transformed into a reference trajectory following problem, using bounded feedback control laws. The contribution of this work lies in the global asymptotic stability, without restrictions on initial conditions. The proof of global stability has been presented using Lyapunov based arguments, which show that the system converges to zero in boot-strap manner. The effectiveness of this controller has been illustrated through simulations.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	None
Performance optimisation of automobile service centre using Taguchi approach	2012	International Journal of Services and Operations Management	The current growth of the service sector in global economies is unparalleled in human history. Along with pure service sectors like health, education, transport; the manufactured product also requires an efficient service network to take care the needs of after sales service of the product. In automobile sector, the after sales service is as big as the manufacturing sector. In order to spur the growth of automobile sector, it is required to have efficient after sales service network. For improving the performance of after sales service system, it is required to study the impact of varying levels of design parameters and to find the factor level combination that could yield near optimal shop performance. This paper presents a framework based on Taguchi experimental design for studying the impact of varying levels of decision and system parameters on the performance of automobile service centre. The study will help the managers in setting the priorities to focus on the assumed variables and also in highlighting likely factor level combination that would result in near-optimal shop performance. Copyright  2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	8	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	ASC,Automobile service centre,Simulation,Taguchi experimental design
Model predictive traction control for robots on slippery 3D terrains	2012	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	This paper presents the model predictive control of Hilare-type robot on a slippery 3D terrain having known ground conditions, while avoiding wheel slip. The controller is developed based on the dynamic model of the Hilare-type robot on a 3D terrain. So, the terrain's gradient appears in the dynamic model, and is fedback in real-time for more precise trajectory tracking. Nonlinear model predictive control incorporates constraints such as maximum affordable longitudinal and lateral wheels static friction, to avoid slip and control input saturation. The Hilare-type robot is simulated while moving on a slippery hill with known static friction. The simulation exhibits accurate trajectory tracking of the autonomous mobile robot on a slippery 3D terrain having known surface conditions, while eliminating wheel slip.  2012 AACC American Automatic Control Council).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Estimating the cycle time of container handling in terminals	2012	Information (Japan)	One of the most important performance measurements in a container terminal is the productivity of the container handling system. This productivity is highly dependent, not only on the mechanical cycle time of each piece of handling equipment, but also on the idle time experienced by a piece of equipment when waiting for another piece of equipment during the handover of containers. This paper suggests a method to estimate the cycle time of an entire container handling system in a container terminal by using the normally distributed mechanical cycle time for each loading and unloading process performed by quay cranes, transporters, and the handling equipment in the yard storage system. This study presents a method that analyzes container handling systems in which containers are moved through multiple stages; there may be buffer spaces between adjacent stages for temporarily storing containers. The numerical results obtained through the analytic procedure are then compared to those obtained by simulation studies.  2012 International Information Institute.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Information Systems	Container terminal,Cycle time,Handling operation,Simulation,Statistical model
A Method to Compute Strict Minimal Siphons in a Class of Petri Nets Based on Loop Resource Subsets	2012	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A: Systems and Humans	Strict minimal siphons (SMS) play an important role in the development of deadlock control policies for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). For a class of Petri nets called Systems of Simple Sequential Processes with Resources (S3PR), the resource circuit-based method is an effective way to compute SMS. In this paper, a more effective one to compute SMS is proposed. First, the concepts of loop resource subsets and their characteristic resource subnets are proposed. Next, sufficient and necessary conditions for loop resource subsets to generate SMS are established. Finally, an algorithm is given to find all the SMS based on loop resource subsets. Since the number of loop resource subsets is much less than that of resource circuits and their combinations, the computational efficiency of the SMS enumeration task is significantly improved by the proposed method. An FMS example is used to illustrate the application of the proposed method, and computational time comparisons are provided on several S3PRs to show its superior efficiency.  2012, IEEE	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	80	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock,discrete event system (DES),flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net,supervisory control
Automatic and interactive evolution of vector graphics images with genetic algorithms	2012	Visual Computer	Vector graphics are popular in illustration and graphic design. Images are composed of discrete geometric shapes, such as circles, squares, and lines. The generation of vector images by evolutionary computation techniques, however, has been given little attention. JNetic is an implementation of a comprehensive evolutionary vector graphics tool. Vector primitives available range from simple geometric shapes (circles, polygons) to spline-based paint strokes. JNetic supports automatic and user-guided evolution, chromosome editing, and high-detail masks. Automatic evolution involves measuring the pixel-by-pixel colour distance between a candidate and target image. Masks can be painted over areas of the target image, which help reproduce the high-detail features within those areas. By creative selection of primitives and colour schemes, stylized interpretations of target images are produced. The system has been successfully used by the authors as a creative tool.  2011 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	12	Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Evolutionary art,Genetic algorithm,Vector graphics
A combined extent fuzzy AHP and simulation method for selecting stacking layout type in marine container terminals	2012	International Journal of Services and Operations Management	Application of simulation and modelling approaches in decision making and design aspects of container terminals has gained lots of attention in recent years. Container terminal designers usually deal with two different layouts with vertical and horizontal stacks which directly affect on transfer cycle time and the utilisation of different equipments of a container terminal. This paper determines the more operative terminal layout for port of Anzali, the main northern port of Iran, regarding three criteria, including management, operational area, and operational time, using a fuzzy AHP decision making model. Coupled with fuzzy AHP, show flow is used as simulation software for analysing the operational time attribute. The obtained results show that the layout with horizontal stack is the more operative one for port of Anzali. Copyright  2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	5	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Container terminal,Decision making,Fuzzy AHP,Simulation,Stacking layout
MicroPort: A general simulation platform for seaport container terminals	2012	Advanced Engineering Informatics	Seaport container terminals are essential nodes in sea cargo transportation networks. As such, the operational efficiency of container terminals in handling containers passing through them plays a critical role in a globalized world economy. Many models and algorithms have been developed to address various decision problems in container terminals to help improve operational efficiency. These decision support tools are usually used separately for specific purposes. However, the problems they are trying to tackle are often interrelated. Therefore, in this regard, an evaluation tool which can capture as many operational conditions as possible for different decision problems is necessary. This paper introduces a general simulation platform, named MicroPort, which aims to provide an integrated and flexible modeling system for evaluating the operational capability and efficiency of different designs of seaport container terminals. The software structure of MicroPort comprises three programming layers: (1) the Functions layer; (2) the Applications layer; and (3) the Extensions layer. Different layers are bound by Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). Basic functions built in the Functions layer support the Applications layer in which major operation processes can be modeled by an agent-based method. External modules and decision support tools in the Extensions layer then use APIs to adjust the system to produce suitable simulation models for specific purposes.  2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	48	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Container terminal,Discrete event simulation,Multi-agent system,Port operations
Comparison of a fuzzy logic controller to a potential field controller for real-time UAV navigation	2012	AIAA Guidance, Navigation, and Control Conference 2012	In this paper, the development of a fuzzy logic based real-time Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) path planning and obstacle avoidance scheme is presented. The capabilities of the fuzzy logic based scheme are compared with another real-time planner, the Potential Field Controller (PFC), which is a simple method for online path planning and is therefore used frequently. However, it has several fundamental drawbacks and limitations which make it impractical for use in non-holonomic Dubins-type vehicles, such as UAVs. The fuzzy logic control scheme proposed in this paper is simple to implement and functions in much the same way as the traditional PFC, except with better performance to situations which the traditional PFC is not capable of overcoming.  2012 by authors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Aerospace Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A Novel GA-FCM Strategy for Motion Learning and Prediction: Application in Wireless Tracking of Intelligent Subjects	2012	Arabian Journal for Science and Engineering	Wireless local area network (WLAN) is used for indoor tracking of mobile terminals (MT), e. g., handheld devices carried by human subjects, mobile robots, automated guided vehicles (AGV), etc. Trilateral radiolocation is suitable for indoors using various parameters of the electromagnetic wave. However, there is always a risk of wireless disconnection between MT and access points (AP). WLAN-based tracking is, therefore. vulnerable to disconnection and might fail in subject tracking at times. Modification of physical network reduces risk of disconnection. Alternatively, complementary techniques based on soft-computing provide even more robustness for uninterrupted wireless tracking without physical modification. This article presents a novel path prediction approach based on decision support system (DSS) to resolve this problem. The goal is to use the knowledge of past MT trajectory to compensate for missing information during disconnections. By learning kinematical as well as decisional behaviors of an intelligent MT, its future trajectory is predictable. The system has been evaluated using trajectories of an ActivMedia Pioneer robot, and blind-folded walking locus in indoors as examples of intelligent MTs. Locational error in prediction of human motion is limited to 1 m. The result is comparable with the related works with up to 10% improvement in locational accuracy. Robot motion prediction has been obtained with high accuracy (likelihood) of 80-90% which further shows the robustness of the developed system.  2012 King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	5	Multidisciplinary	Decision support system,Path prediction,Wireless tracking
A deadlock prevention approach for flexible manufacturing systems with uncontrollable transitions in their Petri net models	2012	Asian Journal of Control	Deadlocks are a highly undesired situation in a fully automated flexible manufacturing system, whose occurrences are tied to the existence of shared resources that are competed by different production processes. In the last two decades, a fair amount of research has been done on deadlock analysis and control for flexible manufacturing systems, leading to a variety of strategies in the literature. Petri nets are a promising mathematical tool to handle deadlock problems in flexible manufacturing systems. However, most deadlock control policies based on a Petri net formalism assume that all the transitions in a plant model are controllable. However, uncontrollability of events are a natural feature in a real-world production system. This paper proposes a deadlock prevention policy for a class of Petri nets by considering the existence of uncontrollable transitions. Deadlocks are prevented by adding monitors to a plant Petri net model, whose addition does not inhibit the firings of uncontrollable transitions. Linear programming techniques are employed to find transitions to which a monitor points in order that a more permissive liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisor can be found. A number of manufacturing examples are used to demonstrate the proposed methods. Copyright  2011 John Wiley and Sons Asia Pte Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Control and Systems Engineering	flexible manufacturing system,optimal liveness-enforcing supervisor,Petri net,siphon,uncontrollable transition
A two-level genetic algorithm to determine production frequencies for economic lot scheduling problem	2012	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	The economic lot scheduling problem (ELSP) has been studied over 50 years. ELSP is known as NP-hard and hence heuristic algorithms have been developed. In those heuristics, researchers generally adopted two types of rounding-off methods for the production frequency of products, namely, the nearest integer and power-of-two approaches. The production frequency of products defines the number of times that such product being produced during the cycle. Therefore, different production frequency actually leads to different optimization results even for the same set of products. For this reason, this paper proposes a two-level genetic algorithm to deal with this problem. A number of numerical examples found in literature and randomly generated problem sets are used to test and benchmark the performance of the new approach. The comparison shows that the new approach outperforms the other existing approaches and also demonstrates the significance of the production frequency to the optimization results.  2011 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	33	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Economic lot scheduling problem (ELSP),genetic algorithm (GA),inventory management,supply chain
Sonar-based simultaneous localization and mapping for autonomous underwater vehicles	2012	Further Advances in Unmanned Marine Vehicles	2012 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.During the last decades, a number of studies in mobile robotics have developed techniques to address the localization problem with very promising results. In particular, the SLAM techniques have been broadly and successfully applied to indoor and outdoor environments. As electromagnetic signals suffer from strong attenuation underwater, the use of ultra-high-resolution devices, like vision or laser scanners, is impractical for long-range sensing. For this reason, in this chapter we focused on the underwater sonar-based SLAM techniques that utilize sonar as main measurement sensor, since they can perceive inside the water further than vision. We surveyed the recent advances of the underwater sonar-based SLAM by reviewing the state of the art, before proposing a method based on scan matching. A comparison between the most relevant scan-matching algorithms in 2D revealed that the probabilistic scan-matching algorithm pIC seems to work better with sonar data. According to this, we proposed a sonar-based SLAM algorithm that first corrects the motion-induced distortions in the scans and then uses the pIC for registering adjacent scans to estimate the displacements of the vehicle, as well as loop closures. Finally, an augmented state EKF estimates and keeps the registered scans poses. No a priori structural information or initial poses are considered. The algorithm has been tested with a real-world dataset showing the viability of the proposed approach.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Spain	0	Engineering (all)	Augmented state EKF estimation,Autonomous underwater vehicles,Autonomous underwater vehicles,Displacement control,Displacement estimation,Electromagnetic signals,Extended kalman filter,Image matching,Image registration,Kalman filters,Measurement sensor,Mobile robotics,Mobile robots,Motion control,Motion-induced distortions,Nonlinear filters,Pose estimation,Probabilistic scan-matching algorithm,Probability,Robot vision,SLAM (robots),Sonar,Sonar-based simultaneous localization-and-mapping,Underwater sonar-based SLAM techniques
Vehicle lateral and steering control	2012	Handbook of Intelligent Vehicles	Springer-Verlag London Ltd. 2012. All rights reserved.Run-off-road crashes are responsible for about 34% of road fatalities. In addition, side swiping crashes are also caused by either unintended or ill-timed lane departures.Many systems have been developed to reduce these kinds of accidents. Vehicle lateral control and warning systems are introduced for this reason. Vehicle lateral control systems can help the drivers to change their lanes safely or assist them in parking or even performing evasive maneuvers. This chapter aims to serve as an introduction to dynamics, control, and modeling of vehicle lateral motion in the context of intelligent vehicles. First, the major components that determine lateral dynamics of the vehicle are briefly described. Then, the basics of tire dynamics and vehicle modeling are presented. Many different linear and nonlinear controllers have been suggested in the literature to control the combined lateral and longitudinalmotion of the vehicle. It is expected that in the future vehicle lateral control will be extended to performing lane change or evasive maneuvers. A brief review of the control methods and some of the experimental implementations of autonomous trajectory following (lane change maneuvers) are presented. A few examples of their commercial productions are provided. Finally, some concluding remarks about the future of vehicle lateral control and the current state of the development in this area are given.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	10	Engineering (all)	None
Geographical information systems and spatial optimization	2012	Geographical Information Systems and Spatial Optimization	2018 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.This book deals with the basic concepts of GIS and optimization. It provides an overview of various integration protocols that are termed GIS-O integration strategies applied to practical applications. It also develops an integration approach for the vehicle routing problem with resource and distance requirements and approves it with numerical results. The book will be useful for researchers, decision makers, and practitioners who try to implement upgraded systems that derive benefits of both GIS and optimization.	Book	b	bk	Book	Tunisia	6	Engineering (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
Sensors for Mechatronics	2012	Sensors for Mechatronics	Mechatronics is a multidisciplinary field combining Mechanical, Electronic, Computer, and other Engineering fields to develop intelligent processes and products. Based on thirty years of extensive work in industry and teaching, this book provides an overview of the sensors and sensor systems required and applied in mechatronics with an emphasis on understanding the physical principles and possible configurations of sensors rather than simply a discussion of particular types of sensors. Well illustrated with examples of commercially available sensors and of recent and future developments, this book offers help in achieving the best solution to various kinds of sensor problems encountered in mechatronics. In a clear and detailed manner, the author reviews the major types of transducers, presents a characterization of the state-of-the-art in sensing technology and offers a view on current sensor research. This book will be a vital resource for practicing engineers and students in the field. Comprehensive coverage of a wide variety of sensor concepts and basic measurement configurations encountered in the mechatronics domain Written by a recognized expert in the field who has extensive experience in industry and teaching Suitable for practicing engineers and those wanting to learn more about sensors in mechatronics.  2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Book	b	bk	Book	Netherlands	35	Engineering (all)	None
