Warehouse logistics from Casbega point of view	2013	Proceedings - 2013 IEEE 9th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2013	Warehouse logistics is the management of the flow of resources between the origin and the final points in order to meet production and shipment requirements and to satisfy customers demand (both internal and external). The logistics of physical items involves the integration of intelligent information management, material handling, transportation and warehousing, to meet time, quality and place requirements. This paper discusses the automatic management of warehouse logistics from the user perspective, in particular, problems and pitfalls of the management of production flows using Automatic Guided Vehicle is here presented, in the view of achieving smart solutions to those problems in the framework of European Project PAN-ROBOTS.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	component,formatting,insert (key words),style,styling
Towards decentralized coordination of multi robot systems in industrial environments: A hierarchical traffic control strategy	2013	Proceedings - 2013 IEEE 9th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2013	This paper describes an innovative approach to manage multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in an industrial environment. The proposed approach is based on a two layer architecture for path planning. This architecture consists of a topological layer, composed by macro-cells, and of a route map layer in which the AGVs have to move along fixed paths. The traffic is managed in a decentralized manner. Each AGV computes autonomously its own path both at topological layer and at route map layer. The coordination among the AGVs is based on the negotiation of shared resources. An early phase of validation is provided by the simulation in a structured environment.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	18	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Technological roadmap to boost the introduction of AGVs in industrial applications	2013	Proceedings - 2013 IEEE 9th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2013	This paper describes systems of multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) used in factory logistics for the transportation of goods. We describe currently applied solutions, highlighting the main issues that, so far, have prevented a pervasive diffusion of these systems. A roadmap of technological solutions is then drafted, to improve the performance of AGV systems and boost their wide application in factory logistics.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	46	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Strategies for 3D data acquisition and mapping in large-scale modern warehouses	2013	Proceedings - 2013 IEEE 9th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2013	Today modern manufacturing and logistic processes rely in most instances on manual forklifts. Being known for low efficiency, high energy consumption and listed among the most frequent causes of severe accidents in factories, the SICK AG coordinated EU funded research project PAN Robots aims to replace them in large scale with Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). Major obstacles for operators with current AGVs are high initial costs, e.g. registration of all pallet positions and reflectors which needs to be performed by highly trained professionals in order to create an accurate navigation map for the AGVs. Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM) is the scientific approach to initial mapping. In this paper, we present 3D mapping strategies dedicated for the warehouse environment with multiple Laserscanners. Preliminary results are shown based on measurement data captured at the site of our project partner Casbega, Madrid, Spain.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	9	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Strategies for contour-based self-localization in large-scale modern warehouses	2013	Proceedings - 2013 IEEE 9th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2013	Latest Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) localize themselves by triangulation based on reflector landmarks detected by Laserscanners. The number of reflectors ranges from hundreds to thousands. Every reflector must be mounted and precisely located by skilled personnel. Additionally, the AGV cannot locate itself if no reflectors are in the field of view; furthermore, any change in the factory layout requires the position of the reflectors to be modified accordingly. One aim of the PAN-Robots project' is a seamless transition between reflector- and contour-based localization as well as localization in unknown areas to guarantee optimal localization performance for safe and efficient AGV operation.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	21	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	None
A compact wireless charging system for electric vehicles	2013	2013 IEEE Energy Conversion Congress and Exposition, ECCE 2013	In this paper, a compact high efficiency wireless power transfer system has been designed and developed. The detailed gate drive design, cooling system design, power stage development, and system assembling are presented. The successful tests verified the feasibility of wireless power transfer system to achieve over-all 90% efficiency.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	34	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Fuel Technology	None
Computational intelligence in remanufacturing	2013	Computational Intelligence in Remanufacturing	2014 by IGI Global. All rights reserved.In attempts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, many alternatives to manufacturing have been recommended from a number of international organizations. Although challenges will arise, remanufacturing has the ability to transform ecological and business value. Computational Intelligence in Remanufacturing introduces various computational intelligence techniques that are applied to remanufacturing-related issues, results, and lessons from specific applications while highlighting future development and research. This book is an essential reference for students, researchers, and practitioners in mechanical, industrial, and electrical engineering.	Book	b	bk	Book	South Africa	4	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
Omnidirectional moving multi-AGVs system for cooperation transport	2013	Huazhong Keji Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Huazhong University of Science and Technology (Natural Science Edition)	An omnidirectional moving multi-AGV (automated guided vehicle) system for cooperation transport based on mecanum wheels was presented. The single AGV of this system could move omnidirectionally, and several AGVs like this could be united as one system at any angle and move omnidirectionally after achieving localization by fusing information of laser and accelerometer sensors. This system could be used to transport and assemble large and complex parts in the limited working space. Finally, experiments were carried out to verify the feasibility of this multi-AGV system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all)	AGV,Cooperation transport,Mecanum wheels,Omnidirectional moving
Multi-agent-based controller architecture for AGV systems	2013	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are increasingly being used in industrial facilities to improve efficiency of internal transportation processes. In this work, we have analyzed what are the requirements for AGV systems and made a correspondence to our controller architecture, which relies on multi-agent systems. We show that, by using our agent-based model, it is possible to rapidly deploy AGV system controllers and attain higher degrees of robustness and flexibility than by using conventional approaches.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	4	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
On using automated guided vehicles instead of conveyors	2013	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	Conveyors are cheaper, simpler and faster than automated guided vehicles (AGVs), but the latter have become an affordable option with pluses like flexibility and adaptability. In this work, we have explored how AGVs can replace a conveyor system in an automated laboratory for clinical analyses. Often, these facilities feature a conveyor system to transport samples from one machine to another at the highest rates possible. We have simulated a plant where tube racks with samples are transported by AGVs to see if the overall throughput achieves the maximum capacity of analyzers. Simulation results show that it is possible to achieve the same production yield with AGVs whereas the robustness and adaptability are higher.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Supervisory movement coordination in pipeless chemical plants	2013	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	Pipeless chemical plants provide an alternative way for flexible, scalable, and reconfigurable production of high valued chemical products on demand. The main feature of these pipeless plants is that the raw materials needed for production are transferred in the system by means of automated guided vehicles. Given recipes that describe the production of the desired products, the supervisory control problem is to coordinate the movement of the vehicles such that all recipes are successfully completed on time. To safely coordinate the movement of the vehicles, we propose to employ supervisory coordination. To validate timeliness and reliable completion of the recipes, we propose multiple alternatives relying on formal verification using timed and stochastic model checking.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Optimization of wireless locating in complex environments by placement of anchor nodes with evolutionary algorithms	2013	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	Lateration based real time locating systems (RTLS) require anchor nodes with known positions to calculate the position of a mobile target. The geometry of the anchor nodes constrains the accuracy of the locating. In complex environments such as ships or factory floors, obstacles in the line of sight between target and anchors decrease the precision significantly. This is caused by the influence of multipathing effects and shadowing on distance measurements. In this work, we propose a heuristic approach to find reasonable geometries for anchor nodes in complex environments. We achieve this by simulation of anchor geometries and the employment of evolutionary algorithms to search for optimizations.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	11	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Minimizing the makespan for the problem of reactive production scheduling in a FMS with AGVs using a new structure of chromosome in a hybrid GA with TS	2013	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	Scheduling of Simultaneous production of machines and AGVs in Flexible Manufacturing Systems involves modeling and searching methodologies in a wide solution space. A criterion often used in the analysis of results for this type of problem is makespan. Many search methods are being used in an attempt to minimize the makespan. This paper has two research objectives. The first consists in verifying the hypothesis that hybridization of a global search (Genetic Algorithm (GA)) with a local search (Tabu Search (TS)) can achieve better results in the problem of reactive scheduling production. The second consists in investigation of a new structure of the GA chromosome for the algorithm has higher correlation with the variable of minimization of the problem, the makespan. This proposal involves modeling tasks in Timed Petri nets during the fitness evaluation, considering the input buffers of machines, AGVs, and control flags for these buffers. The proposal was tested in one scenario of FMS and validated by comparing its results.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Distributed multi-level motion planning for autonomous vehicles in large scale industrial environments	2013	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	In this paper we propose a distributed coordination algorithm for safe and efficient traffic management of heterogeneous robotic agents, moving within dynamic large scale industrial environments. The algorithm consists of a distributed resource-sharing protocol involving a re-planning strategy. Once every agent is assigned with a desired motion path, the algorithm ensures ordered traffic flows of agents, that avoid inter-robot collision and system deadlock (stalls). The algorithm allows multi-level representation of the environment, i.e. large or complex rooms may be seen as a unique resource with given capacity at convenience, which makes the approach appealing for complex industrial environments. Under a suitable condition on the maximum number of agents with respect to the capacity of the environment, we prove that the algorithm correctly allows mutual access to shared resources while avoiding deadlocks. The proposed solution requires no centralized mechanism, no shared memory or ground infrastructure support. Only a local inter-robot communication is required, i.e. every agent must communicate with a limited number of other spatially adjacent robots. We finally show the effectiveness of the proposed approach by simulations, with application to an industrial scenario.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	4	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Design and simulation of main steam temperature controller based on interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems	2013	ICIC Express Letters, Part B: Applications	Boiler unit main steam temperature system contains a large delay, timevarying, nonlinear and strong uncertainty characteristics. It thus has been a hot issue and a difficult problem in the power plant process control. Since type-2 fuzzy logic system is a better tool to deal with the practical problems of uncertainty, it can maximize the reduction of the impact of the uncertainty of the system. This paper studies the interval type-2 fuzzy logic controllers for the main steam temperature control problem, and uses the control module in MATLAB to simulate. The simulation results show that the designed fuzzy control system based on the interval type-2 fuzzy logic system can achieve the satisfactory control performance.  2013 ISSN 2185-2766.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Science (all)	Interval type-2 fuzzy logic system,Main steam temperature control,Simulation experiment
Self guided vehicle systems Selbstgesteuerte fahrerlose transportsysteme	2013	Logistics Journal	A central control of automated guided vehicle systems (AGVS) doesn't longer satisfy the requirements of a versatile production. With procedures from the field of artificial intelligence a control can be decentralized and made more flexible. In this way the tasks of the central control can be distributed to different entities in the system. Thus the complexity of the tasks is reduced. The present article deals with the decentralization of the AGVS control and focuses on the order allocation, route finding and conflict resolution.  2013 Logistics Journal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGVS,JADE,MASON,Multi agent systems,Simulation
Independence localization system for Mecanum wheel AGV	2013	Proceedings - IEEE International Workshop on Robot and Human Interactive Communication	This study deals with the independent localization system of AGV which is sensor fusion strapdown inertial navigation system and laser navigation to develope more fast and accurate for the AGV. the strapdown inertial navigation system is very expensive and has large system. Hence, we propose the independent and stable localization system with sensor fusion using a low-cost strapdown inertial navigation system which consists of MEMS inertial sensor. To reduce errors of the strapdown inertial navigation system, we performed compensation using proportional method to gyro sensor and low-pass filter to accelerometer. We used transformation matrix with a result of attitude reference using Kalman filter. Finally, to compensate the result of error, fuzzy inference system is used. To verify the performance of the proposed system, experiments is performed with a Mecanum wheeled AGV and a forklift AGV. In the experiments result, we confirmed that the proposed system can estimate the position.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Software,Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Towards a multi-agent platform for cyber-physical systems based on low-power microcontroller for automated intralogistics: A minimized embedded solution for the internet of things in intralogistical environments	2013	ICINCO 2013 - Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics	Today the fluctuating market requires more flexibility from central controlled material flow systems. A new approach such as the Internet of Things is able to turn the common structure into a cognitive decentralized system. This paper addresses a modularized solution for material flow systems in intralogistical environment. The promising concept of Internet of Things leads to an idea of a cyber-physical system with a Multi-agent platform which is presented in this paper. In order to develop a system which is capable of meeting industrial needs, a low-power microcontroller is chosen as basis for the Multi-agent system. The combination has advantages but also restrictions which are discussed. A demonstrator for the future implementation of the system and evaluation is introduced.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	Cyber-physical System,Logistics,Material Flow,Multi-Agent System
Simultaneous optimization of dispatching and routing for OHT systems via hybrid system modeling	2013	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	This paper proposes a new static simultaneous optimization of dispatching and conflict-free routing for unidirectional Overhead Hoist Transport (OHT) systems. Our objective is to minimize the entire transportation time where the given transportation tasks are finished. A hybrid system modeling is applied for OHT system that is constituted by the OHT vehicles at the lower level and governed by the upper level scheduler. In the proposed modeling, it is clarified that the simultaneous optimization problems are recast as a binary integer linear problem by using model predictive control. This paper presents a numerical example and discusses limitation of proposed modeling.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	dispatching,hybrid system,model predictive control,Overhead Hoist Transport system,routing,simultaneous optimization
Multi-objective optimization of dispatching strategies for situation-adaptive AGV operation in an automated container terminal	2013	Proceedings of the 2013 Research in Adaptive and Convergent Systems, RACS 2013	We propose a multi-criteria dispatching strategy for efficiently operating automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in an automated container terminal. The criteria employed by our strategy are carefully devised so that the enforcement of the strategy can lead to achieving two objectives, which are minimization of the delay of quay cranes and minimization of empty travel by AGVs. The first objective is for the productivity of the terminal and the second the reduction of CO2 emission. Optimization of the strategy is done by using a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm (MOEA) to obtain a set of Pareto optimal strategies. When dispatching AGVs, we can apply any strategy from this set depending on which objective is more important than the other at that moment. Since the evaluation of a strategy during the search requires a computationally expensive simulation, it becomes inaccurate unless done thoroughly. We use a noise-tolerant MOEA that takes multiple evaluations of the candidate strategies for a more accurate estimation. Yet, it saves the computation by tactically allocating more chances of evaluations to better candidates.  2013 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	12	Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicle,container terminal,dispatching strategy,evolutionary multi-objective optimization,noisy evaluation
A multi-objective approach for assignment containers to AIVs in a container terminal	2013	Proceedings - 2013 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2013	The problem of assignment containers to AIVs in a container terminal is a complex problem, it is a combination of several problems; the dispatching problem, the vehicles routing problem and the scheduling problem. Each problem of these depends on some criteria; this makes the global problem as a multi-criteria problem. To solve this type of problem, the idea is to consider it like a mono-objective problem depending on each criterion separately. An aggregation function is calculated according to different criteria. The coefficient value of each criterion is proposed by an expert, these values can give the nearest Pareto front solution. The approach proposed in this work is a hybrid approach; genetic algorithm and Dijkstra algorithm. This approach is tested with different numbers of vehicles, for each problem separately, in order to have the best solution. The numeric results show the performance of our approach for the multi-objective problem.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	3	Human-Computer Interaction	Aivs,Assignment,Containers,Genetic algorithm,Multi-objective,Optimization
A continuous time model of multi-vehicle routing problems: A column generation approach	2013	Proceedings - 2013 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2013	In this paper, we propose a column generation heuristics to a continuous time model of conflict-free pickup and delivery vehicle routing problems. The transportation system is divided into several regions with regular intervals. A network model of conflict-free multi-vehicle routing problem with acceleration and deceleration motions is developed. A column generation heuristics is used to find a near-optimal solution. The pricing problem for each vehicle routing problem is formulated as a resource constrained shortest path problem, which is effectively solved by a labeling algorithm. Computational results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Human-Computer Interaction	Acceleration motion,Automated guided vehicle,Column generation,Heuristics,Labeling algorithm,Routing
Random search for dispatch and conflict-free routing problem of capacitated AGV systems	2013	Proceedings - 2013 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2013	In the case of routing problems of real AGV systems, some matters should be considered such as collision avoidance, capacity of system components, ease of changing routes and robustness against disturbance. In recent years, some researches on the dispatch and conflict-free routing problem have been performed, however, to the best of our knowledge, there exists no research on the dispatch and conflict-free routing problem of capacitated AGV systems(DCFRPC). In the DCFRPC, the capacity of each AGV and buffer is a fixed and finite number, and conflict-free routing must be achieved. This paper proposes a formulation of the DCFRPC and a random search method. Thsi paper also evaluates the proposed method by computational experiments.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Human-Computer Interaction	AGV,Capacitated AGV systems,Conflict-free routing,Dispatching
Anti-collision method for AGV using RFID and ZigBee network	2013	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	This work presents an anti-collision method for an automated guided vehicle (AGV). In this study, we show three ways to obtain the position of AGVs, determine the priority when two or more AGVs enter the areas of collision, and control a route of AGVs on a ZigBee network. First, an AGV easily obtains its position and direction data from the inexpensive, reliable, and flexible radio frequency (RF) tag. Second, the control tower, the Coordinator, determines the AGV's priority and route by combining various data acquired through other AGVs on the basis of a first-in-first-out algorithm and the shared memory architecture. Third, the AGVs transmit their status data to the Coordinator, and receive the driving data from the Coordinator on the ZigBee network which is a specification for wireless communication protocols using small, inexpensive, low-power digital radios.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	7	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicle (AGV),radio frequency identification (RFID),ZigBee
Strategies for improving a long-established terminal's performance: A simulation study of a Turkish container terminal	2013	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	Due to a long-lasting increase in global trade, only interrupted by the late-2000s economic crisis, container traffic has grown dramatically. As a result, new terminals have opened and existing terminals face much higher container handling than before. In order to meet these challenges, one of the biggest container terminals in Turkey has begun to reconsider its terminal operations and to achieve improvements of its overall logistics performance. Because the factors impacting the terminal's performance are highly interrelated, a simulation model was developed to analyze the terminal operations, to identify potential bottleneck resources and to highlight directions for the future development of the configuration and the operational control system. For a long-established terminal like the one considered in this study the options for improving the overall performance are limited by the geographical dimensions and by the existing terminal equipment. By use of the simulation model the terminal operations are evaluated under different workload scenarios and alternative configurations are tested in order to support strategic decisions on the terminal's development.  2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	15	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Maritime transport,Performance evaluation,Seaport container terminal,Simulation
Analysis of assignment rules in a manually operated distribution warehouse	2013	Proceedings of the 2013 Winter Simulation Conference - Simulation: Making Decisions in a Complex World, WSC 2013	Due to strong market competition, operators of production and logistics systems are constantly looking for measures to increase the efficiency of internal handling and storage processes. The scope of this application-oriented paper will be a manually operated distribution warehouse with a capacity of more than 40,000 pallets connected to an order-picking and a value-added-service area. Different concepts to control the warehouse, such as storage location assignment strategies or the control of the forklift fleet, are investigated with regard to their ability to improve the handling performance in real world applications. Therefore, during the modeling process several relevant practical characteristics e.g., traffic obstruction of forklifts in storage aisles during loading and unloading activities, dimensions of storage locations or storage and retrieval strategies, are taken into account. The results show that concepts can significantly improve warehouse operations.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Modeling and Simulation	None
Robust guidance control of nonholonomic AGV with localization based on multi-source information fusion	2013	Dianji yu Kongzhi Xuebao/Electric Machines and Control	In this paper, the measurement system with double magnetic sensors is designed and a path following controller is proposed for high-precision inductive guidance of the automatic guided vehicle (AGV). This controller with location based on extended kalman filtering (EKF) integrated with odometer readings and magnetic sensor data for accurate location of the AGV, and the noise covariance of measurement system was estimated online by using single-layer neural network to be close to the actual noise statistical properties, and therefore the performance and EKF adaptability was enhanced. Moreover, the sliding mode controller was employed to meet the requirement of control accuracy, and eliminate unknown control input disturbance. Furthermore, the Lyapunov theorem was implemented to ensure the stability and asymptotic convergence of the system. The validity of the controller is verified by simulation results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Localization,Magnetic sensor,Robust guidance control,Self-adapted extended kalman filtering,Single-layer neural network
Different approaches for the loop layout problems: A review	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In the manufacturing process, loop layout problems (LLPs) are preferred to configurations like single row layout, double row layout, cluster layout, and circular layout for their relative lower initial investment costs because they contain a minimal number of required material links to connect all workstations while providing a high degree of material handling flexibility. The performance of a system is based on the impact of the loop layout. Most of these LLPs are non-polynomial hard. Numerous research works related to loop layout have been published. The literature analysis given here is not restricted to specific considerations about loop layout design. This paper aims to deal with the current and future trends of research on LLPs based on previous research including formulations, solution methodologies. A trend toward bidirectional assumption, large-sized test problems, mixed integer programming, shortcuts instead of additional loop, loading and waiting time for shortcuts, integration of the supply chain management with the data envelopment analysis and also integrate exact, decomposition algorithm with metaheuristics, and developing loop layout using metaheuristics such as scatter search algorithm, improved tabu search, and artificial bees colony algorithm to loop layout is observed. Several research directions are pointed out and discussed.  Springer-Verlag London 2013.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Combinatorial optimization,Mixed integer programming (MIP),Quadratic assignment problems (QAP)
A novel vehicle pre-dispatching method for automated material handling system in semiconductor manufacturing	2013	Proceedings of 2012 3rd International Asia Conference on Industrial Engineering and Management Innovation, IEMI 2012	As the demand for ultra-clean areas in semiconductor fabrication has increased, the need for more efficient automated material handling system (AMHS) has become imperative. A diffusion tool is characterized by its long processing time of 6-12h, thus making it a form-batch manufacturing step. Out of necessity with this application, wafer lots are temporarily stored in stocker and are delivered to diffusion tools for processing when the Work-In-Process (WIP) level reaches 4-6 lots. As a result, diffusion tools wait for long wafer delivery time due to the current vehicle assignment method, thus greatly impacting transportation and production efficiency. In order to improve the transport performance, a novel vehicle assignment method is proposed. Unlike the current methods, which assign idle vehicles to move to load ports sequentially, the novel vehicle pre-dispatching method calls several idle vehicles to move to a load port to simultaneously execute transport jobs with the goal of shortening a vehicle's arrival time. To aid in our research, we performed simulation analysis of an AMHS for a diffusion area. The simulation outcome indicates that a substantial improvement in AMHS transport performance is achieved with applying of the vehicle pre-dispatching method.  2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS,Diffusion,Simulation,Vehicle assignment
Energy-efficient dispatching solution in an automated air cargo terminal	2013	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	Energy-efficient dispatching of rail-guided vehicles (RGVs) is demanded in an automated air cargo terminal. The problem aims to minimize total energy cost of operating RGVs for transporting the cargos subject to real time constraints. This work focuses on solving an optimal dispatching problem with a single RGV having multiple capacity. A mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model is developed for the problem, which takes account of various constraints, including loading, deadlock avoidance, precedence, time window and capacity constraints. Difficulties of identifying and representing the constraints are revealed. Computational studies performed on randomly generated instances are used to validate the model and demonstrate challenges of solving the problem to a large scale.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Analyzing the impact of key parameters of vehicle management policies in a unified AMHS	2013	Proceedings of the 2013 Winter Simulation Conference - Simulation: Making Decisions in a Complex World, WSC 2013	This paper deals with the management of vehicles in the Automated Material Handling System of a semiconductor wafer fabrication facility. Vehicle management policies (allocation of vehicles to transport requests, positioning of idle vehicles,...) strongly impact critical performance indicators, among them the allocation time (delivery time) and the lot cycle time. In the literature, most studies on the impact of vehicle policies on delivery times focused on segregated layouts and generally do not consider minimum service transport policies. We investigate a minimum service policy which consists in keeping a minimum number of available vehicles in bays to quickly answer transport requests. After describing the transport policy, we investigate how to define its key parameters. Using a detailed discrete event simulation model of a real semiconductor manufacturing facility, various simulation studies are performed to analyze the impact of these parameters.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	4	Modeling and Simulation	None
Lidar-based teach-and-repeat of mobile robot trajectories	2013	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	Automation of logistics tasks for small lot sizes and flexible production processes requires intuitive and easy-to-use systems that allow non-expert shop floor workers to naturally instruct transportation systems. To this end, we present a novel laser-based scheme for teach-and-repeat of mobile robot trajectories that relies on scan matching to localize the robot relative to a taught trajectory, which is represented by a sequence of raw odometry and 2D laser data. This approach has two advantages. First, it does not require to build a globally consistent metrical map of the environment, which reduces setup time. Second, the direct use of raw sensor data avoids additional errors that might be introduced by the fact that grid maps only provide an approximation of the environment. Real-world experiments carried out with a holonomic and a differential drive platform demonstrate that our approach repeats trajectories with an accuracy of a few millimeters. A comparison with a standard Monte Carlo localization approach on grid maps furthermore reveals that our method yields lower tracking errors for teach-and-repeat tasks.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	20	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
The research on the algorithm for the optimal position and path for MoMo	2013	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	Reconfigurable Intelligent Space is a smart environment that can rearrange all the devices on the wall and the ceiling since the devices are mounted on the mobile modules and the smart space controls them. However to rearrange the devices optimally, the optimal position and the collision-free path to rearrange the devices are very important. In this paper, the fundamental algorithms, which find the optimal position and generate the path to optimal position, are proposed. The algorithm is verified by simulation experiment with camera mounted mobile module.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Intelligent Space,Optimal position,Reconfiguable,Wall Climbing
Synthesis and analysis of supervisory controllers for time-abstracted discrete-event systems	2013	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	We synthesize supervisory controllers for timed discrete-event systems by employing data-based control requirements and by abstracting from the timing aspects of the original system. This enables us to employ standard synthesis tools, like Supremica, whereas the timing behavior of the supervised system can be analyzed by using model checking tools, like UPPAAL. We cast our proposal in a synthesis-centric modelbased systems engineering framework that is supported by a process-theoretic treatment of supervisory control theory for timed discrete-event systems with data. The theory provides for the appropriate abstractions of the timed behavior of the original system and for compositional model transformation from Supremica to UPPAAL. To this end, we develop a suitable model transformation tool that interfaces the employed synthesis and verification tools. Finally, we illustrate the proposed framework on a case study dealing with movement coordination of automated guided vehicles in pipeless chemical plants.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Towards mobile manipulator safety standards	2013	ROSE 2013 - 2013 IEEE International Symposium on Robotic and Sensors Environments, Proceedings	We present an overview of the current (as of Spring, 2013) safety standards for industrial robots and automated guided vehicles (AGVs). We also describe how they relate to the safety concerns of mobile manipulators (robot arms mounted on mobile bases) in modern manufacturing. Provisions for the capabilities of mobile manipulators are provided in relationship to the current standards. Several scenarios are presented for which the behavior of a mobile manipulator may be unpredictable or otherwise contrary to the current safety requirements. We also discuss the needs for a new class of test artifacts for verifying and validating the functionality of mobile manipulator safety systems in collaborative working environments.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	9	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV safety,human-robot collaboration,mobile manipulators,robot safety,safety standards
Fabrication and evaluation of a high performance SiC inverter for wireless power transfer applications	2013	1st IEEE Workshop on Wide Bandgap Power Devices and Applications, WiPDA 2013 - Proceedings	In this study, a high power density SiC high efficiency wireless power transfer converter system via inductive coupling has been designed and developed. The detailed power module design, cooling system design and power stage development are presented. The successful operation of rated power converter system demonstrates the feasible wireless charging plan. One of the most important part of this study is the wind bandgap devices packaged at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) using the in-house packaging technologies by employing the bare SiC dies acquired from CREE, which are rated at 50 A / 1200 V each. These packaged devices are also in-house tested and characterized using ORNL's Device Characterization Facility. The successful operation of the proposed inverter is experimentally verified and the efficiency and operational characteristics of the inverter are also revealed.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Multi-constrained routing using genetic algorithm	2013	2013 IEEE International Conference on RFID-Technologies and Applications, RFID-TA 2013	Different multimedia conferencing and telephony systems are available worldwide. The development of a method that can process more than one quality of service routing parameter and can meet communication system requirements is essential to support these systems within high-speed networks. This paper briefly presents a significant method that solves network routing protocol problems, such as finding the shortest and the most feasible path based on the genetic algorithm.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Communication	GA,Protoclol routing,QoS Routing
Energy scheduling in smart grids using combined optimization approach Razporejanje električne energije v aktivnih distribucijskih omrežjih z uporabo kombiniranega optimizacijskega pristopa	2013	Elektrotehniski Vestnik/Electrotechnical Review	The paper presents a new energy scheduling approach enabling fast calculation times with a combination of the neuron network and local optimization. A learned neuron network is used to calculate the energy scheduling results to be used as initial conditions for a local energy scheduling optimization method. When the scheduling results from a neuron network are located relatively close to the optimal solution, the local optimization method converges very fast and further improves the energy scheduling results. To calculate the energy scheduling results from a neuron network that are relatively close to the optimal solution, a learning dataset has to be generated containing nearly/optimal solutions. For this purpose, genetic algorithms are used with a large number of generations and several repetitions of the scheduling process. Out energy scheduling algorithm was tested using the electric energy flows in smart grids to balance the electric energy consumption and production. Simulation results prove that a combination of neuron network and local optimization converge faster than the genetic algorithm method but when the available time is very long, the genetic algorithms can sometime provide better solutions. Following the above, the described method is useful when the times to calculate energy scheduling are short.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovenia	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Normal distributions transform Monte-Carlo localization (NDT-MCL)	2013	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	Industrial applications often impose hard requirements on the precision of autonomous vehicle systems. As a consequence industrial Automatically Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems still use high-cost infrastructure based positioning solutions. In this paper we propose a map based localization method that fulfills the requirements on precision and repeatability, typical for industrial application scenarios. The proposed method - Normal Distributions Transform Monte Carlo Localization (NDT-MCL) is based on a well established probabilistic framework. In a novel contribution, we formulate the MCL localization approach using the Normal Distributions Transform (NDT) as an underlying representation for both map and sensor data. By relaxing the hard discretization assumption imposed by grid-map models and utilizing the piece-wise continuous NDT representation the proposed algorithm achieves substantially improved accuracy and repeatability. The proposed NDT-MCL algorithm is evaluated using offline data sets from both a laboratory and a real-world industrial environments. Additionally, we report a comparison of the proposed algorithm to grid-based MCL and to a commercial localization system when used in a closed-loop with the control system of an AGV platform. In all tests the proposed algorithm is demonstrated to provide performance superior to that of standard grid-based MCL and comparable to the performance of the commercial infrastructure based positioning system.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	47	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Omnidirectional vision system with conic mirror for on-line quality measurements on quasi-cylindrical cavities	2013	Recent Advances in Topography Research	This chapter presents an omnidirectional vision system designed to perform dimensional measurements for quality control applications on the internal surfaces of quasi-cylindrical objects. The system is based on a standard industrial machine vision camera and catadioptric optics with a conic mirror mounted in axis with the lens. Such a vision system performs a geometric transformation that maps a cylindrical surface, whose axis coincides with the camera objective optical axis, into a circular annulus in the image plane domain. Dimensional measurements in real world units can be performed from image analysis, through calibration of the system. In this chapter the characterization of the catadioptric vision system is presented and discussed in order to evaluate its performances and behaviour in different positions compared to the measurement surface. The complex optical model of the system has been studied and it is reported in this chapter. The goal is to use the curves extracted from the calibration phase to correct misalignments between the vision system and the object in order to provide reliable measurements. The system behaviour is analysed with respect to axial offsets and inclinations. System uncertainty is assessed according to "ISO-Guideline to the Expression of Uncertainty in measurement", using a grid pattern calibration target. It is proven that the system can be effectively used as a measurement instrument in the field of quality control inspections. In the final part of this chapter an overview of the possibility of implementing an auto-calibration algorithm is given supposing that a known pattern is found on the image and only measurements on the axial direction are needed. This auto-calibration strategy has been integrated in an automatic test bench for on-line quality control of axial dimensions. The performances of this quality control station are shown and the achieved results prove that the vision system with conic mirror and auto-calibration algorithm can be effectively applied to dimensional measurements. The system turns out to be faster than alternative techniques, such as scanning profilometry, for full field measurements.  2013 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Italy	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Automatic test bench,Conic mirror,Omnidirectional vision system,On-line quality measurement,Panorama imaging
Particle swarm optimization for auto-localization of nodes in wireless sensor networks	2013	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	In this paper, we consider the problem of auto-localization of the nodes of a static Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) where nodes communicate through Ultra Wide Band (UWB) signaling. In particular, we investigate auto-localization of the nodes assuming to know the position of a few initial nodes, denoted as "beacons". In the considered scenario, we compare the location accuracy obtained with the widely used Two-Stage Maximum-Likelihood algorithm with that achieved with an algorithm based on Particle Swarming Optimization (PSO). Accurate simulation results show that the latter can significantly outperform the former.  2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	19	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Auto-localization,Maximum-Likelihood Algorithms,Particle Swarm Optimization
Nearly-time optimal smooth path planning using continuous curvature derivative primitives	2013	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper proposes a proper combination of on the one hand a local time-optimal path planner fulfilling the basic kinematic and dynamic constraints of wheeled vehicles, and on the other hand, a continuous and bounded curvature derivative Bézier closed-form metrics. As a result of this, a nearly time-optimal path with continuous and bounded curvature profile will be generated, if possible, to connect two configurations while avoiding obstacles.  2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
A synchronous approach to trajectory tracking in multirobot formation control with time delays	2013	2013 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2013	This paper presents a synchronization control strategy for multirobot formation with time delays. Firstly, a synchronization error is defined with consideration of communication delays. Secondly, a decentralized synchronous trajectory tracking controller is developed. It is proven that this synchronous controller guarantees both position and synchronization errors to converge to zero. Finally, simulations are performed in formation-switching tasks. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed synchronous formation control approach.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems	multirobot formation,Synchronization,time delays
Improved simultaneous localization and mapping by stereo camera and SURF	2013	2013 CACS International Automatic Control Conference, CACS 2013 - Conference Digest	Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) has been an active area of research lately. MonoSLAM is a SLAM frame working with a single camera without odometry information for executing SLAM The camera motion estimation and incremental map building from new landmarks are computed using the Extended Kalman Filter framework In this paper, we propose a revised approach to improve the speed of executing SLAM. We use a stereo camera to acquire two images of the environment at the same time, and use SURF algorithm to detect features in the images. The distance between the landmark and the camera can be calculated by the pair of images using a revised algorithm. Using this approach, we can reduce the time of distance calculation and increase the SLAM execution speed.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	3	Control and Systems Engineering	SLAM,stereo camera
Towards Smooth Monotonicity in Fuzzy Inference System based on Gradual Generalized Modus Ponens	2013	8th Conference of the European Society for Fuzzy Logic and Technology, EUSFLAT 2013 - Advances in Intelligent Systems Research	Monotonic relationship between input and output often is an inherent property of fuzzy systems. For example, for a cart-pole system, there is a gradual relationship between the pole angle and the cart velocity of the form: "The more the pole deviates from the upright position, the higher velocity the cart must gain". Thus, we propose an approach, that we call Gradual GMP, which is able to integrate the graduality, when this underlying hypothesis exists, into the generalized modus ponens. In this paper, we proposed to study in a simple case (crisp observations) the monotonic response of what could be the adaptation to this case of GGMP-based FIS. We showed that for a single rule FIS, the GGMP induces strict monotonocity, to be compared with static response in the standard case (here Mamdani controller). Further experimental results, on single and double input FIS, show that the proposed method implies a smooth monotone behavior even when in presence of several linguistic values for each variable. Finally, this work reveals that the only way to guarantee strict monotonicity is to have an inference that has a gradual behavior  2013. The authors-Published by Atlantis Press.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	2	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Information Systems	Fuzzy Control,Fuzzy Inference System,Generalized Modus Ponens,Monotonicity
Maximally permissive distributed control of large scale automated manufacturing systems modeled with Petri nets	2013	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	Ensuring nonblockingness remains challenging for automated manufacturing systems (AMS) owing to their discrete event dynamics. Both scalability and maximal permissiveness are essential for the synthesis and implementation of their centralized supervisors. Inspired by the divide and conquer philosophy, this work proposes a partition methodology and distributed control technique for large scale AMS. They are represented as interconnected and overlapping subsystems sharing some common components in terms of buffers. For each subsystem, a local supervisor is designed based on its local behavior and neighboring information only. Generalizing the existing results, we develop a condition under which the control law via decomposition promises the maximal permissiveness. Buffer capacities are well designed for the sake of their decomposition into multiple overlapping subsystems. Theoretical results are developed to characterize the behavior compatibility among local controllers. An experimental study illustrates the effectiveness of the proposed method.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Hierarchical diagnosis for an overactuated autonomous vehicle	2013	Conference on Control and Fault-Tolerant Systems, SysTol	The paper presents a new strategy based on hierarchical diagnosis for an autonomous four-wheel steering four-wheel driving (4WS4WD) electrical vehicle. It is known that the lateral stability of the vehicle may be lost in specific faulty scenarios (due, for instance, to the front wheels steering mechanism faults, wheels blocking or drop of pressure). We propose a hierarchical diagnosis to ensure the stability of the vehicle when isolating precisely the component fault. When the vehicle lateral error exceeds a threshold, a dynamic reference generator for rear wheels steering actuator is activated in order to guarantee the vehicle's lateral stability. Simultaneously, an active diagnosis based on the rear wheels steering mathematical model is used to identify the tire-road interface, a vital information for detecting and isolating faults when using analytical redundancy based residuals. The strategy proposed is tested and validated on a realistic dynamic vehicle model simulated using CarSim and Matlab-Simulink softwares.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Self-organizing control framework for driverless vehicles	2013	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	Development of in-vehicle computer and sensing technology, along with short-range vehicle-to-vehicle communication has provided technological potential for large-scale deployment of autonomous vehicles. The issue of intersection control for these future driverless vehicles is one of the emerging research issues. Contrary to some of the previous research approaches, this paper is proposing a paradigm shift based upon self-organizing and cooperative control framework. Distributed vehicle intelligence has been used to calculate each vehicle's approaching velocity. The control mechanism has been developed in an agent-based environment. Self-organizing agent's trajectory adjustment bases upon a proposed priority principle. Testing of the system has proved its safety, user comfort, and efficiency functional requirements. Several recommendations for further research are presented.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	19	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Discrete transportation system's availability problem in case of critical situation sets	2013	Transport and Telecommunication	The paper discusses the discrete transportation system's (DTS) availability problem in case of the critical situation, which happens during its ordinary work. The formal model of the transportation system suitable for modelling based on the system behaviour observation is proposed. Monte Carlo approach is in use for a simulation. The system's availability is calculated as global metric to find if the system is able to realise the loaded set of tasks. The critical situation discussed there is caused by reliability, as well as by functional and human reasons. No restriction on the system's topology and on a kind of distribution describing the system's functional and reliability parameters is the main advantage of the approach. The proposed solution seems to be essential for the owner and administrator of the transportation systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	3	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	Critical situation sets,Discrete transportation system,Monte-Carlo simulation,Reliability
A vision-based lane detection system combining appearance segmentation and tracking of salient points	2013	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	Reliable lane detection is a key component of autonomous vehicles supporting navigation in urban environments. This paper introduces the GOLDIE(Geometric Overture for Lane Detection by Intersections Entirety) system, a vision-based software architecture that uses an on-board single camera to determine the position of road lanes with respect to the vehicle. We propose an efficient vision-based lane-detection system that combines an appearance-based analysis with salient point tracking. The appearance-based analysis consists of segmenting high contrast areas that fit inside a Region-Of-Interest(ROI) on the frame. The salient point tracker selects interesting points based in a reference line, that guides a dynamic ROI. The tracking ROI look for paint lane marks close to the last lane reference found, where road marks are likely to emerge, in order to maintain the usability of the salient point tracker. The tracking is performed with the Lucas-Kanade algorithm and the lane points candidates are selected according to a predefined triangular model. Once such lanes points are detected, the vehicle position is estimated based on the intersection of linearised lanes determined through a vanishing point approach. Experiments and comparisons with other algorithms illustrate the applicability of the method.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	17	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Design of liveness-enforcing supervisors with simpler structures for deadlock-free operations in flexible manufacturing systems using necessary siphons	2013	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Siphons can be used to characterize deadlock states and solve deadlock problems in Petri nets that model flexible manufacturing systems. This paper presents an iterative siphon-based control (ISC) deadlock prevention policy for Petri nets via the combination of mixed integer programming (MIP) and the concept of necessary siphons (NSs). At each iteration in this ISC policy, a maximal deadly marked siphon that is closely related to deadlocks in a Petri net can be conveniently found by an MIP-based deadlock detection method. Then the places in it are classified and an NS is derived from the classified places. For each NS found, depending on its complementary set, the proposed policy adds a proper control place (CP) to make it marked (max-controlled). Moreover, during the ISC procedure, a test for redundant NSs is carried out under a certain condition in order to avoid the addition of the corresponding CPs. The siphon control process proceeds iteratively until the controlled system is live. Compared with the existing approaches, the proposed policy usually leads to a structurally simple liveness-enforcing supervisor by adding as few CPs as possible and achieves better control results. Some examples are introduced to illustrate the proposed approach.  2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Control place (CP),Deadlock prevention,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net,Siphon
Global stability of impulsive hopfield neural networks with multiple delays	2013	BioTechnology: An Indian Journal	In this paper, the global stability problem of discrete impulsive Hopfield neural networks with multiple delays is studied. By means of the Lyapunov stability theory and discrete Halanay inequality technique, we develop sufficient conditions for the global asymptotical stability and global exponential stability for discrete impulsive Hopfield neural networks with multiple delays. Finally, a numerical example is presented to illustrate the efficiency of our results.  2013 Trade Science Inc. - INDIA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Biotechnology,Food Science,Biochemistry	Global asymptotical stability,Global exponential stability,Halanay inequality,Hopfield neural networks,System with impulsive and multiple delays
Mixed integer programming vs. logic-based benders decomposition for planning and scheduling	2013	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	A recent paper by Heinz and Beck (CPAIOR 2012) found that mixed integer software has become competitive with or superior to logic-based Benders decomposition for the solution of facility assignment and scheduling problems. Their implementation of Benders differs, however, from that described in the literature they cite and therefore results in much slower performance than previously reported. We find that when correctly implemented, the Benders method remains 2 to 3 orders of magnitude faster than the latest commercial mixed integer software on larger instances, thus reversing the conclusion of the earlier paper.  Springer-Verlag 2013.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	11	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
An analytical model for designing yard layouts of a straddle carrier based container terminal	2013	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	In designing a yard layout for a container terminal several decisions have to be made. In this paper we propose a model which provides decision support for the design of yard layouts of terminals at which straddle carrier are used. We assume that straddle carriers are used for the horizontal transport and the stacking of containers. For the proposed model we develop estimates for the expected cycle distances of straddle carriers. In this case, we distinguish between cycles to landside facilities and to the quay. Numerical results are presented for several parameter settings. For instance, we present results for a comparison of layouts where the rows in the block are orientated parallel with layouts where the rows are orientated perpendicularly to the quay.  2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	8	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container terminal,Straddle carrier,Yard layout
Multimodal processes rescheduling: Cyclic steady states space approach	2013	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	The paper concerns cyclic scheduling problems arising in a Multimodal Transportation Network (MTN) in which several unimodal networks (AGVs, hoists, lifts, etc.) interact with each other via common shared workstations as to provide a variety of demand-responsive material handling operations. The material handling transport modes provide movement of work-pieces between workstations along their manufacturing routes in the MTN. The goal is to provide a declarative framework enabling to state a constraint satisfaction problem aimed at AGVs fleet match-up scheduling taking into consideration assumed itineraries of concurrently manufactured product types. In that context, treating the different product types as a set of cyclic multimodal processes is the main objective to discuss the conditions sufficient for FMS rescheduling imposed by production orders changes. To conclude, the conditions sufficient for an FMS rescheduling imposed by changes of production orders treated as cyclic multimodal processes are stated as the paper's main contribution.  2013 Grzegorz Bocewicz et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	14	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Fuzzy logic-based robot navigation in static environment with dead cycle obstacles	2013	International Journal of Robotics and Automation	This paper demonstrates a hybrid control methodology for mobile robot navigation of a two-wheeled non-holonomic mobile robot by using fuzzy logic controller (FLC) incorporated with a switching command strategy (SCS). E-puck robot with eight infrared sensors to sense its workspace is used in this work. The FLC performs the major functions of obstacle detection and target seeking as the switching strategy resolves the local minimum problem in many types of dead-end environments to reach the target successfully. The dead-end traps may have any shape such as U-shape dead-ends, maze-like, G-shape and complicated environment. Validation on e-puck robot in Webots simulation shows that the proposed controller from the combined FLC and SCS algorithm can successfully navigate the robot to reach its goal while avoiding collisions in its trajectory. Besides escaping from local minimum, robot path is also better in comparison with the previous work which results in verifying the robustness of this approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy logic,Local minimum problem,Mobile robot navigation
Shrinking of Time Petri nets	2013	Discrete Event Dynamic Systems: Theory and Applications	The problem of the synthesis of time bounds enforcing good properties for reactive systems has been much studied in the literature. These works mainly rely on dioid algebra theory and require important restrictions on the structure of the model (notably by restricting to timed event graphs). In this paper, we address the problems of existence and synthesis of shrinkings of the bounds of the time intervals of a time Petri net, such that a given property is verified. We show that this problem is decidable for CTL properties on bounded time Petri nets. We then propose a symbolic algorithm based on the state class graph for a fragment of CTL. If the desired property "includes" k-boundedness, the proposed algorithm terminates even if the net is unbounded. A prototype has been implemented in our tool Romeo and the method is illustrated on a small case study from the literature.  2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	France	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Model-checking,State-class graph,Time interval shrinking,Time Petri nets
Survey on planning problems in inland waterway transport: Current status and future perspectives	2013	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	Inland waterway transport plays an important role for the transport of goods in Europe. More than 37,000 kilometers of waterways connect hundreds of cities and industrial regions. Compared with other modes of transport which are often confronted with congestion and capacity problems, inland waterway transport is characterized by its reliability, low environmental impact and its major capacity for increased exploitation. The European Commission aims to promote and strengthen the competitive position of the inland waterway transport in the transport system and to facilitate its integration into the intermodal logistic chain. Thus, inland waterway transport will be a promising research issue in the near future. The objective of this paper is to review the current status of research on inland waterway transport at a tactical planning level. This paper firstly describes the characteristics and relevant activities involved in this transport mode and then reviews the literature published recently. Finally, this paper presents some perspectives regarding future research directions in the field of inland waterway transport.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Scheduling control of AGV system based on game theory	2013	2013 IEEE 6th International Conference on Advanced Infocomm Technology, ICAIT 2013	This paper does a research on how to improve the operating efficiency of the multi-AGV system, and establish the AGV scheduling model with an algorithm that is designed to optimize scheduling process. The algorithm confirms the initial scheduling strategy first, and then optimal scheduling based on game theory. Using game theory could help the system to choose the most appropriate AGV to do one task in a short time and that would reduce the whole response time of the system and could also improve the efficiency of the system. This paper use the regulate speed policy to avoid the conflict and that could help to maximize the efficiency of the system. It is proved with the simulation that the strategy improves flexibility, robustness and efficiency of the AGV system.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Information Systems	automated guided vehicle (AGV),dynamic path planning,game theory,regulate speed policy,scheduling system
Features of the APL Los Angeles 22-Wide STS cranes	2013	Ports 2013: Success Through Diversification - Proceedings of the 13th Triennial International Conference	APL commissioned four new ship-to-shore (STS) container cranes at its Port of Los Angeles (POLA) Pier 300 terminal facility earlier this year (2013). The cranes will service container ships up to 22 containers wide with high cube containers stacked nine high on deck. The semi-automatic, dual-trolley cranes have an outreach of 64.3 m (211 ft) from the waterside rail, a lift height of 44.2 m (145 ft) above the rail, and weigh 2,050 tonne (4,520 kip) including trolleys and lift systems. In addition to meeting usual non-seismic specification provisions, the cranes comply with the POLA Seismic Code 2010 for the seismic design of container wharves. Furthermore, the cranes are designed to be operational, with minor repairs, after the design Operating Level Earthquake (OLE) and not collapse during the design Contingency Level Earthquake (CLE). This paper describes the cranes' general characteristics and salient operational and technical features, including: critical dimensions, wheel loads, shore power demand, selection of a cable reel rather than a collector system, semi-automation, ship trolley and shore trolley operation, transfer of containers between the trolleys and to automatic guided vehicles (AGVs), handling oversized loads, and also includes a brief description of special seismic components to protect the crane and the wharf. The paper explains the basis for various design decisions, including: the choice of a single-lift ship trolley rather than tandem-lift, the container deconing and transfer platform, the personnel access to the crane considering the AGV operating zones, and the waterside utility traffic lane. A brief overview of the container yard arrangement and operation is also presented to provide a perspective of the cranes' function in the entire container handling system.  2013 American Society of Civil Engineers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Using monocular visual SLAM to manually convoy a fleet of automatic urban vehicles	2013	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper addresses platooning navigation as part of new transportation services emerging nowadays in urban areas. Platooning formation is ensured using a global decentralized control strategy supported by inter-vehicle communications. A large motion flexibility is achieved according to a manual guidance mode, i.e. the path to follow is inferred online from the motion of the manually driven first vehicle. For this purpose, a visual SLAM algorithm that relies on monocular vision is run on the lead vehicle and coupled with a trajectory creation procedure. Both the map and trajectory updates are shared online with the following vehicles and permit them to derive their absolute location with respect to a common reference trajectory from their current camera image. Full-scale experiments with two urban vehicles demonstrate the performance of the proposed approach.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	8	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automatic guided vehicles,monocular visual SLAM,nonlinear control,platooning,trajectory generation
Traveling path tracking algorithm in virtual coordinate system for intelligent vehicle	2013	Proceedings - 2012 IEEE 2nd International Conference on Cloud Computing and Intelligence Systems, IEEE CCIS 2012	This paper proposes a real-time traveling path tracking algorithm for intelligent vehicle. Two encoders are installed on the left and right wheels to measure the rolling distances of the wheels. A virtual coordinate system fixed to the ground is constructed. The calculating algorithm of vehicle position and heading angle in the virtual coordinate system based on the recorded data from encoders is presented. The proposed algorithm is independent on external reference object or the global positioning system and unaffected by culverts, tall buildings, illumination, fog, rain etc. The experimental results show the efficiency of the proposed algorithm.  2012 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Information Systems	intelligent vehicle,traveling path tracking,vehicle positioning,virtual coordinate system
A petri-net-based scheduling strategy for dual-arm cluster tools with wafer revisiting	2013	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	There are wafer fabrication processes in cluster tools that require wafer revisiting. The adoption of a swap strategy for such tools forms a 3-wafer cyclic (3-WC) period with three wafers completed in each period. It has been shown that, by such a scheduling strategy, the minimal cycle time cannot be reached for some cases. This raises a question of whether there is a scheduling method such that the performance can be improved. To answer this question, a dual-arm cluster tool with wafer revisiting is modeled by a Petri net. Based on the model, the dynamical behavior of the process is analyzed. Then, a 2-wafer cyclic (2-WC) scheduling strategy is revealed for the first time. Cycle time analysis is conducted for the proposed strategy to evaluate its performance. It shows that, for some cases, the performance obtained by a 2-WC schedule is better than that obtained by any existing 3-WC ones. Thus, they can be used to complement each other in scheduling dual-arm cluster tools with wafer revisiting. Illustrative examples are given.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	60	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tool,Petri nets (PNs),Scheduling,Semiconductor manufacturing
A new modified reachability tree approach and its applications to unbounded petri nets	2013	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	This paper proposes a new modified reachability tree (NMRT) approach for a class of unbounded generalized Petri nets called ù-independent nets. The NMRT of an ù-independent net consists of all and only reachable markings from its initial marking. Moreover, the applications of the NMRT to deadlock analysis for ù-independent nets are developed. The proposed method has a larger application scope than all the existing methods. Several examples are provided to show its superiority over them.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	36	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock,Petri net,Reachability tree (RT)
A hybrid metaheuristic method for dispatching automated guided vehicles in container terminals	2013	Proceedings of the 2013 IEEE Symposium on Computational Intelligence in Scheduling, CISched 2013 - 2013 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence, SSCI 2013	To reduce the turnaround time of a vessel in a container terminal, the performance of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) which carry on the transportation of containers between quayside and yard is crucial. A good dispatching strategy for AGVs should be able to minimize the waiting or idle time of the quay cranes by assigning vehicles to loading or unloading jobs with a minimum total delay time. The AGVs dispatching problem discussed in this paper include the consideration of propagated tardiness. A delay in one job may affect all the subsequent jobs served by the same quay crane. To handle this assignment problem, we propose a hybrid metaheuristic method. This hybrid method is tested with simulations on a container management system and the results are compared with a greedy method. The hybrid method outperforms the greedy method with obvious improvement. Further comparison between the proposed hybrid method and other hybrid methods proves the robustness of this hybrid method.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle dispatching,container terminal operations,metaheuristic
Dynamical behaviors of a four-wheel-steering system under the sense of mean value	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	In this paper, we establish a mathematical model on four-wheel-steering system subjected to white noise excitations and analyze the dynamical behaviors of the system under the sense of mean value. We calculate the Lyapunov exponents and estimate Lyapunov dimensions of the system. The results obtained demonstrate the existence of quasi-periodic orbit, and the simulations certify the conclusion of analysis. All the results showed that the four-wheel-steering system subjected to white noise excitations with weak intensity will move nearly steadily companied with tiny perturbation at not too high driving speeds.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Equilibrium,Four-Wheel-Steering System (4WS),Lyapunov dimension,Lyapunov exponents,Sense of mean value
Priority-based distributed manufacturing process modeling via hierarchical timed color petri net	2013	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	Petri net (PN) is a classical tool for modeling, simulation, and analysis. With the emergence of distributed manufacturing system (DMS), PN has been evolved into different forms such as colored PN (CPN) and timed PN (TPN). To fulfill the practical requirements, CPN has been extended to a larger and more complex model. Meanwhile, DMS becomes an important issue for industry, and how to model a complex manufacturing network for better throughput needs further investigation. A simple single type of PN only cannot fulfill all contemporary requirements at the same time. This paper proposes a new concept for a new PN-hierarchical timed CPN (HTCPN), which can be a powerful tool for modeling, simulation, and analysis for current large complex distributed manufacturing system. This paper presents a general structure of DMS and uses HTCPN to model the manufacturing system as discrete event with dynamic behavior. The proposed approach shows superiority on modeling large complex manufacturing system as it represents the material flow and transitions clearly and provides overview and detailed description for DMS.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	CPN tools,distributed manufacturing network,hierarchical timed colored Petri net (HTCPN),modeling,Petri net (PN)
A fuzzy rule for improving the performance of multiobjective job dispatching in a wafer fabrication factory	2013	Journal of Applied Mathematics	This paper proposes a fuzzy slack-diversifying fluctuation-smoothing rule to enhance the scheduling performance in a wafer fabrication factory. The proposed rule considers the uncertainty in the remaining cycle time and is aimed at simultaneous improvement of the average cycle time, cycle time standard deviation, the maximum lateness, and number of tardy jobs. Existing publications rarely discusse ways to optimize all of these at the same time. An important input to the proposed rule is the job remaining cycle time. To this end, this paper proposes a self-adjusted fuzzy back propagation network (SA-FBPN) approach to estimate the remaining cycle time of a job. In addition, a systematic procedure is also established, which can solve the problem of slack overlapping in a nonsubjective way and optimize the overall scheduling performance. The simulation study provides evidence that the proposed rule can improve the four performance measures simultaneously.  2013 Toly Chen and Yi-Chi Wang.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Applied Mathematics	None
Distributed software architecture enabling peer-to-peer communicating controllers	2013	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	This paper presents a novel model-driven software architecture for systems with high degree of redundancy and modularity of the equipment. The architecture is based on totally decentralized control. It combines adaptability and robustness of multi-agent control architectures with portability and interoperability benefits of IEC 61499 function block architecture. The architecture has been successfully proven feasible on a number of field trials, including modeling and implementation of a medium-scale airport baggage handling control. Deployment was done on distributed networks consisting of configurations ranging from a few to dozens of communicating control nodes. The work confirmed the ability to deliver similar functional characteristics as centralized systems but in a distributed implementation. Performance testing and development verified sufficient performance and software life-cycle benefits.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed systems,IEC 61499,intelligent control
Deadlock-free scheduling of OHT transport systems based on Petri nets	2013	Zhongnan Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Central South University (Science and Technology)	To simultaneously solve the problems of collision and deadlock in overhead hoist transport (OHT) systems, and improve the transport efficiency of OHT vehicles, a deadlock-free scheduling method of OHT vehicles was proposed. Firstly, an OHT transport system model was built with Petri nets, and a deadlock-free control rule was presented after analyzing the Petri net model. Then a deadlock-free scheduling method combining Hungarian algorithm was put forward based on the deadlock-free control rule. Using time-windows theory to forecast one step ahead, the optimal scheduling of multi OHT vehicles was realized with vehicle collision and system deadlock. At last, simulation experiments were carried out and the proposed method was compared with other scheduling method. The results indicate that it is feasible and valid for implementing the deadlock-free scheduling method on OHT transport systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Condensed Matter Physics,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Metals and Alloys,Materials Chemistry	Deadlock,OHT,Petri net,Scheduling
Parallel machine scheduling with additional resources: Notation, classification, models and solution methods	2013	European Journal of Operational Research	Majority of parallel machine scheduling studies consider machine as the only resource. However, in most real-life manufacturing environments, jobs may require additional resources, such as automated guided vehicles, machine operators, tools, pallets, dies, and industrial robots, for their handling and processing. This paper presents a review and discussion of studies on the parallel machine scheduling problems with additional resources. Papers are surveyed in five main categories: machine environment, additional resource, objective functions, complexity results and solution methods, and other important issues. The strengths and weaknesses of the literature together with open areas for future studies are also emphasized. Finally, extensions of integer programming models for two main classes of related problems are given and conclusions are drawn based on computational studies.  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	67	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Additional resources,Integer programming,Parallel machines,Scheduling
Single-facility scheduling by logic-based Benders decomposition	2013	Annals of Operations Research	Logic-based Benders decomposition can combine mixed integer programming and constraint programming to solve planning and scheduling problems much faster than either method alone. We find that a similar technique can be beneficial for solving pure scheduling problems as the problem size scales up. We solve single-facility non-preemptive scheduling problems with time windows and long time horizons. The Benders master problem assigns jobs to predefined segments of the time horizon, where the subproblem schedules them. In one version of the problem, jobs may not overlap the segment boundaries (which represent shutdown times, such as weekends), and in another version, there is no such restriction. The objective is to find feasible solutions, minimize makespan, or minimize total tardiness.  2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	11	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Constraint programming,Feasibility,Logic-based Benders decomposition,Makespan,Mixed integer programming,Single-facility scheduling,Tardiness
Online scheduling in manufacturing: A cumulative delay approach	2013	Online Scheduling in Manufacturing: A Cumulative Delay Approach	Springer-Verlag London 2013. All rights are reserved.Online scheduling is recognized as the crucial decision-making process of production control at a phase of "being in production" according to the released shop floor schedule. Online scheduling can be also considered as one of key enablers to realize prompt capable-to-promise as well as available-to-promise to customers along with reducing production lead times under recent globalized competitive markets. Online Scheduling in Manufacturing introduces new approaches to online scheduling based on a concept of cumulative delay. The cumulative delay is regarded as consolidated information of uncertainties under a dynamic environment in manufacturing and can be collected constantly without much effort at any points in time during a schedule execution. In this approach, the cumulative delay of the schedule has the important role of a criterion for making a decision whether or not a schedule revision is carried out. The cumulative delay approach to trigger schedule revisions has the following capabilities for the practical decision-making: 1. To reduce frequent schedule revisions which do not necessarily improve a current situation with much expense for its operation; 2. To avoid overreacting to disturbances dependent on strongly an individual shop floor circumstance; and 3. To simplify the monitoring process of a schedule status. Online Scheduling in Manufacturing will be of interest to both practitioners and researchers who work in planning and scheduling in manufacturing. Readers will find the importance of when-to-revise policies during a schedule execution and their influences on scheduling results.	Book	b	bk	Book	Japan	13	Engineering (all)	None
Unpredicted trajectories of an automated guided vehicle with chaos	2013	Robotics: Concepts, Methodologies, Tools, and Applications	2014, IGI Global. All rights reserved.Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) are the future of transportation. As a result of emerging standards, vehicles will soon be able to talk to one another as well as their environment. A number of applications will be made available for vehicular networks that improve the overall safety of the transportation infrastructure. This chapter develops a method to impart chaotic motions to an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). The chaotic AGV implies a mobile robot with a controller that ensures chaotic motions. This kind of motion is characterized by the topological transitivity and the sensitive dependence on initial conditions. Due the topological transitivity, the mobile robot is guaranteed to scan the whole connected workspace. For scanning motion, the chaotic robot neither requires a map of the workspace nor plans global motions. It only requires the measurement of the workspace boundary when it comes close to it.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Brazil	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
Using bearing-sensitive infrared sensor arrays in Motion localization for human-following robots	2013	2013 9th Asian Control Conference, ASCC 2013	This paper concerns the lightweight and robust infrared motion localization for human-following robots. We use bearing-sensitive pyroelectric infrared (PIR) sensor arrays in motion localization with two steps. The first step aims at generating bearing measurements of a human target from multiple perspectives with the PIR sensor arrays. The second step aims at locating the target through a least squares fusion of bearing measurements. The experimental results show that this approach ensures a human-following robot continuously working in an environment with complex background and light condition.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Trajectory tracking controller design for AGV using laser sensor based positioning system	2013	2013 9th Asian Control Conference, ASCC 2013	This paper introduces a tracking controller for Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV) to track a desired trajectory. The use of the nonlinear Lyapunov technique provides robustness for load disturbance and sensor noise. Based on kinematic model, a trajectory tracking controller of AGV is proposed. System stability is verified by Lyapunov stability. A laser sensor device NAV200 is used to detect the AGV position in door environment in real-time. For simulation and experiment, software and hardware are described. The AGV consists of 4 wheels with two passive wheels and two driving wheels. A controller is developed based on industrial computer. The effectiveness of the proposed controller is proved by simulation and experimental results.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Lyapunov,NAV200,tracking,trajectory
A resource-oriented petri net approach to scheduling and control of time-constrained cluster tools in semiconductor fabrication	2013	Robotics: Concepts, Methodologies, Tools, and Applications	2014, IGI Global. All rights reserved.Because of residency time constraints and activity time variation for cluster tools, it is very challenging to schedule them. This chapter addresses their real-time scheduling issues and conducts their schedulability analysis in considering residency time constraints and bounded activity time variation. A Petri Net (PN) model, called Resource-Oriented PN (ROPN) is developed to model them. Such formal models describe not only the behavior of both initial transient and steady state processes of cluster tools but also determine the robot activity sequence with robot waits included. They are very compact, independent of wafer flow pattern, and useful for discrete-event control. It is due to the proposed models that scheduling cluster tools are converted into determining robot wait times. A two-level operational architecture is proposed to include an off-line periodic schedule and real-time controller. The former determines when a wafer should be placed into a process module for processing, while the latter regulates robot wait times online in order to reduce the effect of activity time variation on wafer sojourn times in process modules. Therefore, the system can adapt to random activity time variation. Based on the PN model, real-time operational architecture, and real-time control policy, it analyzes the effect of activity time variation on wafer sojourn time delay at a process module and presents its upper bounds. The upper bounds are given in an analytical form and can be easily evaluated. Then, it derives schedulability conditions that are in closed form expressions. If schedulable, an algorithm is developed to obtain an off-line periodic schedule. This schedule together with the real-time control policy forms a real-time schedule. It is optimal in terms of cycle time and can be analytically computed, which represents significant advance in this area. Several examples are used to show the applications of the proposed approach.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	China	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
Mission planning of mobile robots and manipulators for service applications	2013	Robotics: Concepts, Methodologies, Tools, and Applications	2014, IGI Global. All rights reserved.The purpose of this chapter is to present a mission planning approach for a service robot, which is moving and manipulating objects in semi-structured and partly known indoor environments such as stores, hospitals, and libraries. The recent advances and trends in motion planning and scheduling of mobile robots carrying manipulators are presented. This chapter adds to the existing body of knowledge of motion planning for Service Robots (SRs), an approach that is based on the Bump-Surface concept. The Bump-Surface concept is used to represent the entire robot's environment through a single mathematical entity. Criteria and constraints for the mission planning are adapted to the service robots. Simulation examples are presented to show the effectiveness of the presented approach.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Greece	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
Collaborative exploration based on simultaneous localization and mapping	2013	Robotics: Concepts, Methodologies, Tools, and Applications	2014, IGI Global. All rights reserved.This chapter focuses on the study of SLAM taking into account different strategies for modeling unknown environments, with the goal of comparing several methodologies and test them in real robots even if they are heterogeneous. The purpose is to combine them in order to reduce the exploration time. Indubitably, it is not an easy work because it is important to take into account the problem of integrating the information related with the changes into the map. In this way, it is necessary to obtain a representation of the surrounding in an efficiently way. Furthermore, the author is interested in the collaboration between robots, because it is well-known that a team of robots is capable of completing a given task faster than a single robot. This assumption will be checked by using both simulations and real robots in different experiments. In addition, the author combines the benefits of both vision-based and laser-based systems in the integration of the algorithms.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Spain	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
The applications of computational intelligence in system reliability optimization	2013	Proceedings of the 2013 IEEE Symposium on Computational Intelligence for Engineering Solutions, CIES 2013 - 2013 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence, SSCI 2013	Reliability indicates the probability implementing specific performance or function of products and achieving successfully the objectives within a time schedule under a certain environment. The optimization of system reliability plays an important role in systems maintenance planning and logistics requirements. In order to achieve more reliable systems, using redundancy is the most widely used approach in complex technical design. Solutions to those problems intend to identify the optimal combination of component selections and redundancy levels given constraints on the overall system. In general, reliability optimization problems are nonlinear programming problems and proved to be NP-hard from computation point of view. Recently, a class of heuristic search strategies, known as computational intelligence (CI), has emerged to solve the problems due to their ability to find an almost global optimal solution in a reasonable time. This paper presents an overview of the various CI methods to solve the reliability optimization problems. Guidelines for the successful use and implementation of reliability optimization are discussed and several decision variables are described that can be used to distinguish between different reliability problem types. Based on this review, several opportunities to improve and extend the current research are showed.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	7	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	computational intelligence (CI),redundancy allocation problem (RAP),reliability optimization,reliability-redundancy allocation problem (RRAP)
VuLF - development of a test area to minimize bad influence with vehicle analysis VuLF - entwicklung eines versuchsstandes zur fehler-minimierung durch fahrzeuganalyse	2013	Logistics Journal	Influences of errors that lead to slip and wear on small scale transport systems are known, but have jet not been studied. New areas of responsibility are steadily opened up. Therefore the requirements for automated guided vehicle systems (AGVs) increase rap-idly. To be able to study the influences of errors and to analyze the error's sources a test rig was developed. The objective described in the paper is an experimental setup that allows studying single trips as well as formation trips. Vehicle parameters and steering systems of the ve-hicle can be varied.  2013 Logistics Journal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Experimental setup,Formation trips,Steering systems,Vehicle parameters
FiFi - Controlling an AGV by detection of gestures and persons FiFi - Steuerung eines FTF durch Gesten- und personenerkennung	2013	Logistics Journal	To facilitate manual transport in intralogistics, an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) with a contact-free control has been developed. The vehicle is controlled by recognition of gestures and persons based on 3D data of the environment. The paper describes both objectives, modes and applications as well as the concept of contactless control and the technical implementation of the platform. Initial experiments confirm that a robot can be controlled based on 3D data. Possibilities of improvement in robustness are described.  2013 Logistics Journal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	4	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Gesture control,Kinect,Person following-robot (PFR)
Exponential stability of impulsive discrete systems with multiple delays	2013	Journal of Networks	The stability problem of impulsive discrete systems with multiple delays is studied. By means of the Lyapunov stability theory and discrete-time Halanay-type inequality technique, we develop sufficient conditions for the exponential stability for the impulsive discrete systems with multiple delays, which involves multiple delays not only at non-impulsive time instants but also at impulsive time instants. The results are extended to two special discrete systems: the delayed discrete systems with time delays at only impulsive time instants and the delayed discrete systems with time delays at only non-impulsive time instants. Finally, the validity of the obtained results is shown by a numerical example.  2013 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Networks and Communications	Discrete systems,Exponential stability,Halanay inequality,Multiple delays
Parameters' optimization of resources in a container terminal	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The world seaborne trade has been developing considerably in the last decade, mainly due to globalization and continued development of emerging countries. This world growth has an influence on the development of ports and maritime terminals. It is always a hot topic about how to make the port run in the maximum productivity with minimum cost. But in order to ameliorate the productivity in a confined space ports, it's important to optimize the assignment of the existing distributed resources, such as the cranes, the storages, the vehicles routing etc.. In this paper, given a P-time Petri Net model of a small size or middle size port with repetitive and periodic operation process, we propose a method to adjust the initial setting of system's parameters to keep itself run with maximum productivity and minimum cost. Moreover the necessities for changing the parameters of the resources are studied and a simple mathematical model to evaluate the cost of change is also proposed in the end of the paper.  IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Change Cost,Confined Space,Container Terminal,Optimization,Productivity
Seaport productivity research basing on p-time petri net	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	These years the world seaborne trade has been developing considerably, mainly due to the economic globalization and continued development of emerging countries. This world side growth has an influence on the development of ports and maritime terminals. It is always an important target to realize the port running in the maximum productivity with minimum cost, but it is really difficult to find a proper solution to schedule the seaport workflow with the best productivity in real time on considering the complexity of the system, although it just needs to adjust the assignment of the existing distributed resources, such as the cranes, the storages, the vehicles routing etc. In this paper, by modeling the repetitive and periodic operation process with P-time Petri Net, we propose a method to adjust the initial setting of system's parameters to keep itself run with maximum productivity and minimum cost. Moreover the necessities for changing the parameters of the resources are studied.  IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Container Terminal,Cost,Cyclic scheduling,Predictive scheduling,Productivity
Development of quantitative tools for the design of an automated distribution center	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper deals with the design of a warehouse or distribution center (CD). The number of doubled-sided racks, the height and the width of bays and aisles are calculated by closed-form formulas so that the distance traveled by an automated guided vehicle (AGV) and / or a human operator driving a hand cart, is minimized. The formulas developed allow the construction of the CD in the three dimensions, so that the cost of displacement is minimized. The main contribution of this work is the delivery of threedimensional formulas for warehouses using an ABC type of scheme of general layout with easy-to-apply formulas. Other works present some difficulties in obtaining direct formulas since they need to solve a nonlinear minimization problem with linear constraints, forcing the use of iterative methods. In this work, such difficulty is resolved by using a Lagrangian function transforming the problem into one of unconstrained minimization.  IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Chile	0	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Closed-loop identification and robust control design of vehicle via modeling	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper presents a modeling approach to control a vehicle by visual feedback and H1 control; this approach is based on two models designed using a closed-loop identification. The models are constructed from data for a curved path and straight path. Closed-loop identifications such as Closed-loop subspace model identification method (CL-MOESP) have been proposed recently and validated through simulations. However, consideration based experimental data have rarely been studied. We investigate the most effective identification approach of a vehicle model by experimental data. The most useful vehicle identification using visual feedback control is CL-MOESP. To evaluate its effectiveness, we use the fitting rate (FIT). Next, we design a robust controller based on the constructed models. Specifically, we formulate a model error for each models based on the curved and straight paths and use an H1 control algorithm for the vehicle controller within a given error. A nominal plant is regarded as the model given by the curve data. The model error is estimated as the difference between the models given by the straight and curved paths.  IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering	None
A global positioning system guided automated rice transplanter	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	We have developed a new Global Positioning System (GPS) guided rice transplanter. We developed GPS and IMU guided rice transplanter in previous researches. Those were guided with GPS position data and inertia measurement unit (IMU) direction data. New one is guided with GPS position data with tilt correction during straight driving and guided with IMU direction data during turning at the headland. The GPS antenna is set to 1.5m height and 0.4m front offset from vehicle front axle. The actuator control command and data communication protocols comply with through the controller area network (CAN) bus. Steering and transmission are controlled by electrical actuators according to the location in a field. We report results of experiment. Copyright  2013 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	9	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Control accuracy,Controller area network,Global positioning system,Rice transplanter
Exception detection and handling in mission control for mobile robots	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper introduces a method for robust, rule-based mission control for mobile robots in a modular framework. Due to the modularity of the framework, it is possible to use both hierarchical control and reactive behavior seamlessly to find solutions to both planned and unplanned event in the mission execution. A demonstration example for office navigation is presented along with considerations for rules that should ensure robust solving of missions.  2013 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous mobile robots,Expert systems,Hierarchical systems,Robot navigation,Robot programming,Robust performance
Reactive clustering method for platooning autonomous mobile robots	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	A system state is changed to congestion as the number of autonomous mobile robots is increased. Eventually, jams of robots are prone to be formed. Jams have a profound influence on robots' behavior. Even in this state, therefore, robots are required to solve jams and move efficiently. For this challenge, adaptive cruise control (ACC) suitable for a vehicle platoon is applied to robots. For the platooning robots based on ACC, a reactive clustering method using local information among adjacent robots is proposed. These robots are thus clustered into small platoons responding to a variety of changing circumstances. Through simulation experiments, several scenarios in order for robots to organize clusters are compared and the reasonability of the clustering method for the robot platooning is evaluated. Furthermore, the effectiveness of the clustering method is discussed in comparison to a robot coordination methodology that requires global information.  2013 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous mobile robots,Autonomous vehicles,Clustering,Multi-robot systems,Platooning
On new type permanent magnet synchronous motor used in AGV system	2013	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	Halbach motor is a novel permanent magnet (PM) motor. One-sided and sinusoidal field is produced by the special distribution of permanent magnets. The field can increase air-gap flux and decrease the rotor yoke flux, which can improve power density, efficiency and reduce volume and pulsating torque of motor. It accords with automated guided vehicle system's need: High efficiency, high power density, low pulsating torque. Full-digital drive system of AGV based on ADSP2188 is designed according to Halbach motor's distinguishing feature, Experiment results prove that Halbach motor has much more advantages in the AGV system than with traditional permanent magnetic motor.  2013 TCCT, CAA.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Automated Guided Vehicle,finite element analysis,Halbach array,motor design
A hierarchical modeling method based on model-driven development in real-time control system design	2013	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	A hierarchical modeling method based on model-driven development method in real-time control software design is presented. A 3-layer hierarchical structure of visual source model relied on function is studied, and extendible port technology is developed for the Communication between tasks in different layers. The structures and descriptions of the input port and the output port are given and the state conversion rules of the ports are discussed. An example of AGVS (Automated Guided Vehicles System) control software modeling is given to test the feasibility and validity of this hierarchical design method.  2013 TCCT, CAA.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	hierarchical modeling structure,meta model,model-driven development,real-time design method
A fuzzy-based approach to the liquid crystal injection scheduling problem in a TFT-LCD fab	2013	International Journal of Production Research	In a thin film transistor-liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) fab, the liquid crystal injection (LCI) process is to inject liquid crystal into the cell gaps on panels. Since its processing time is enormous (typically 12 h) compared to other processes, the LCI process is a bottleneck in the entire cell process. This study focuses on the LCI scheduling problem, which is divided into two sub-problems: automated guided vehicle (AGV) dispatching and LCI machine scheduling. A self-adjusted fuzzy (SAF) method is developed to solve the AGV dispatching problem. The SAF method is fuzzy based, and it is capable of adjusting the inference rules according to the status of the system to determine which cassette is to be transported first. A modified least slack time (MLST) method is proposed for the LCI machine scheduling problem. The MLST method assigns available LCI machines to first work on processing batches which will be finished beyond their due dates. If there are no such batches, the system releases a new batch, which is waiting in the input buffer with the least slack time, to the available LCI machine. Results indicate that the proposed SAF and MLST methods are able to finish a certain number of batches in a shorter time and reduce the tardiness of cassettes.  152013  2013 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV dispatching,Fuzzy,LCI,Scheduling,Self-adjusted,TFT-LCD
Exploring efficient communication in interactive dynamic influence diagrams	2013	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Interactive Dynamic Influence Diagrams (I-DIDs) provide an efficient method for representing multiagent sequential decision problem. By extending I-DIDs with communication, agents are able to exchange their information to learn more about the world. Note that communication is not free, agents should decide whether to communicate or not. This computational process is very time consuming, so it won't work well in a large problem. In this paper, we first study communication based on the framework of I-DIDs, then discuss when agents suppose to communicate considering the cost and the limit resource. Experiments show that our communication algorithm works efficiently in tiger problem. We conclude that communication not only can improve the total rewards, but picking the right time to communicate is also beneficial to agents.  2013 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Communication decision,Interactive dynamic influence diagrams,Multiagent systems
3D ground-truth systems for object/human recognition and tracking	2013	IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops	We have been researching three dimensional (3D) ground-truth systems for performance evaluation of vision and perception systems in the fields of smart manufacturing and robot safety. In this paper we first present an overview of different systems that have been used to provide ground-truth (GT) measurements and then we discuss the advantages of physically-sensed ground-truth systems for our applications. Then we discuss in detail the three ground-truth systems that we have used in our experiments: ultra wide-band, indoor GPS, and a camera-based motion capture system. Finally, we discuss three different perception-evaluation experiments where we have used these GT systems  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ground-Truth Systems,human detection and tracking,object detection and tracking,performance evaluation
Research on optimization of water jet propulsion	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Based on characteristic of water jet, there are two important factors to product the thrust. One factor is pump speed and the other is the nozzle diameter. So, The significant optimization be required in order to overcome the existing water jet propulsion problem. In this paper, the water jet propulsion system model be studied at first, and then pump and nozzle optimization be discussed. At last, the result shows that the thrust of water jet by controlling the nozzle diameter size and pump speed.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Nozzle Optimization,Pump Optimization,Water jet
Method and development of magnetic positioning device for magnetic guided vehicle	2013	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	In this paper, device development for AGV using magnet navigation and method of magnetic localization method are described. The most commercial AGV is using magnet navigation. This is more stable and lower cost of sensors than different navigation systems of AGV. However, the commercial magnet navigation devices use magnet hall sensor of digital type and those accuracy are decided by the number of magnet hall sensor and interval. The interval is about 10mm generally because interference occurs in the case of close interval, but the AGV using this interval has low accuracy. This AGV doesn't matter in straight driving, but occur breakaway or false operation in curve driving. Therefore, we create an magnet navigation device using magnet hall sensor of analog type and design fitting functions with the experimental results of magnet hall sensor in the work environment. Based on this, this paper proposes the method to detect magnet navigation line. In the result of proposed method, localization method accuracy is improved more about 16.73mm by this method than the commercial magnet navigation device and space to detect magnet navigation line is larger.  2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Fitting Function,Localization Method,Magnet Hall Sensor,Magnet Navigation Device
Design of double lifting AGV control system	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	In this paper, we designed a double lifting AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) control system, and applied in automobile powertrain assembly line and axle assembly. Front and rear drive dynamics wear adopted in wheels drive mode, steering gears wear used in body rotating. Tapes were used in AGV navigation. Wi-fi was accessed to wireless for data transmission between AGVs and scheduling center. AGV and auto assembly line used PSD synchronous track detection device.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Car assembly,Double lifting,Magnetic navigation,PSD
Vision-based route recognition of AGV on ARM platform	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The AGV based on visional route recognition need to deal with problems of random interference of environment and real-time of algorithm. In this paper, an embedded platform based on ARM Cortex-A8 hardware is established, on which an implementation of the optimized algorithm is tested. The first algorithm of route recognition is based on binary spilt and morphology operator, and the second one is based on edge detection operators and Hough transform. The result of the experiment indicates a high performance on anti-interference and real-time.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	AGV,ARM,Route recognition,Visional navigation
Positioning and path planning for a swarm robotic cleaner	2013	Advanced Materials Research	The main purpose of this paper is to create an efficient ground-sweeping robot equipped with map-establishing and path-planning functions. Two ground-sweeping robots are connected with a master pc via a Blue-tooth protocol. The position of the ground-sweeping robot will be sent back to the master pc allowing the master pc to control the robots during the ground-sweeping process. An environmental map of the sweeping area will be established by emitting an ultrasonic wave from a rotating ultrasonic sensor within the robot. The geometry data will be sent back to the master pc via the Bluetooth module. The map of sweeping area will be made by the master pc using a wall-searching method. A single-chip Microcontroller PIC18F4520 is used as a control core to control the motor speed via the PWM in the robot. The clockwise and counter clockwise rotation of the motor will then be manipulated by a TA7279 IC. The robot is equipped with two ultrasonic modules used to detect the distance between the robot and the obstacle. This information will be sent back to the master pc via the Blue-tooth module. Consequently, results reveal that a prototype of the swarm robot system using two ground-sweeping robots and a master pc has positioning and mapping abilities.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Engineering (all)	Blue-tooth,Map,Path-planning,Ultra sonic
An exact and a simulated annealing algorithm for simultaneously determining flow path and the location of P/D stations in bidirectional path	2013	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	In this paper, we present two algorithms to design flow path and the location of its pickup and delivery (P/D) stations simultaneously in a block layout for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). We develop two algorithms to solve this problem. The first one is a cutting-plane algorithm to solve the mixed integer linear program that models the problem. The second one is a Simulated Annealing (SA) approach which solves the problem heuristically to a near best solution. Computational results show the performance of both algorithms.  2013 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	9	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Bidirectional flow path,Cutting-plane method,Pickup and delivery stations,Simulated annealing
Dynamic scheduling for sharing the container tractors to port container transportation	2013	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	According to the daily plan and the dynamic task in the container terminal, a mathematical model was established with sharing all tractors to minimize the running cost. Through solving the static problem transformed by dynamic problem, a variable neighborhood tabu search algorithm was design to obtain the initial static solution, and a plug-in algorithm was utilized to adjust this solution dynamically. A two-line of coding method was put forward.compared with other algorithms, the proposed shared dynamic scheduling tractors could greatly reduce the running cost and increase the truck load time ratio. While the variable neighborhood tabu search algorithm and the plug-in algorithm, this model could be solved quickly and efficiently.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dynamic scheduling,Port container tractor,Sharing model,Variable neighborhood strategy
Multi-objective real-time dispatching for integrated delivery in a Fab using GA based simulation optimization	2013	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	In a wafer fabrication Fab, the "integrated delivery", which integrates the automated material handling system (AMHS) with processing tools to automate the material flow, is difficult to implement due to the system complexity and uncertainty. The previous dispatching studies in semiconductor manufacturing have mainly focused on the tool dispatching. Few studies have been done for analyzing combinatorial dispatching rules including lot dispatching, batch dispatching and automated guided vehicle (AGV) dispatching. To handle this problem, a GA (genetic algorithm) based simulation optimization methodology, which consists of the on-line scheduler and the off-line scheduler, is presented in this paper. The on-line scheduler is used to monitor and implement optimal combinatorial dispatching rules to the semiconductor wafer fabrication system. The off-line scheduler is employed to search for optimal combinatorial dispatching rules. In this study, the response surface methodology is adopted to optimize the GA parameters. Finally, an experimental bay of wafer fabrication Fab is constructed and numerical experiments show that the proposed approach can significantly improve the performance of the "integrated delivery system" compared with the traditional single dispatching rule approach.  2013 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	13	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dispatching rule,GA-based simulation optimization methodology,Integrated delivery,Response surface methodology
Modeling and designing aircraft taxiing patterns for a large airport	2013	Advanced Robotics	At large airports, aircraft takeoff and land simultaneously on multiple runways. As a result, taxiing is a complex and, at times, lengthy process. Planning for aircraft taxiing is an essential design element for the expansion of runways, taxiways, and terminals. Unnecessary taxiing should be reduced. In this study, we develop a taxiing model and calculate the taxiing time. We observed aircraft traffic patterns and listened to the communication of air traffic controllers (ATCs) in order to develop a taxiing model. The developed model was applied to Narita International Airport. We begin by estimating the time required for taxiing at Narita International for 2014. Next, we propose two strategies to reduce the taxiing time. The first strategy involves changes in departure times with controlled intervals between them. In this strategy, the average taxiing time is reduced by 16.5%. The other strategy requires adjustments in the time from the aircraft departure from the terminal to the start of taxiing. In this strategy, the maximum taxiing time is reduced by 11.5%, and the intervals between the terminal departures and taxiing were more uniform.  2013 Taylor and Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications	airport surface traffic,multi-agent systems,taxiing aircraft
Modeling and analysis of closed loop manufacturing systems using parameter coupling	2013	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	Closed loop manufacturing systems (CLMSs) with recirculating material handling devices are extensively used in various industrial environments. The performance of such systems is impacted by many factors such as the total capacity of pallets, the actual number of pallets in the system, the machine reliability and processing time, the pallet index speed, and the positions of loading/unloading points. These factors make the accurate analysis and optimization of complex CLMSs very difficult and challenging. This paper presents a new parameter coupling technique to model and analyze a wide range of CLMSs. It is an enhancement based on the existing open production line analysis with unreliable assembly machines and finite buffers. Virtual assembly machines are introduced to represent the specific phenomena of CLMSs such as the recirculation of empty pallets and the sharing of conveyor space. Two types of parameter coupling patterns, the machine parameter coupling, and the buffer capacity coupling, are introduced to reflect the characteristics of the CLMSs. The parameter coupling technique is simple and effective for analyzing a broad range of CLMSs. Comparisons between this analytic method and simulation experiments demonstrate that the proposed parameter coupling technique is fast, accurate and robust.  2013 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analytic model,Closed loop system,Manufacturing,Performance,Throughput
A simulation optimization method for internal trucks sharing assignment among multiple container terminals	2013	Advanced Engineering Informatics	Owing that the internal trucks (ITs) are frequently used as transportation equipments between yards and quaysides, the transportation efficiency of ITs secures a crucial position in container terminal productivity. Hence, a container terminal cannot contain a big number of ITs. As such, it is an imperative to explore an appropriate IT assignment strategy. Specifically for those container terminals with adjacent locations, an approach to sharing internal trucks among multiple container terminals (SIMT) is investigated. In this study, a novel strategy to resolve the SIMT problem was proposed for a specific large port with multiple adjacent container terminals. Firstly, an illustration of the SIMT strategy was presented. Then, an integer programming model for this problem is developed, where the objective functions are subject to the minimization of the total overflowed workloads and total transferring costs in every time-period among these container terminals. In particular, the rolling-horizon approach is employed for considering the immediate scheduling. Furthermore, a simulation optimization method, which integrates the genetic algorithm (GA) searching and simulation, is proposed for the near optimal solutions. Finally, the computational experiments are used to verify the effectiveness of the proposed SIMT strategy and simulation optimization method.  2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	48	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Integer programming,Internal trucks scheduling,Multiple container terminals,Sharing strategy,Simulation optimization
Behavior control of a new designed mobile robot based on fuzzy logic and neuro fuzzy approaches for monitoring wall	2013	International Journal of Intelligent Engineering and Systems	This work describes the design and development of controllers based on artificial intelligence applied to a newly designed mobile robot type-vehicle to control behavior for monitoring wall. Two approaches have been developed and optimized to achieve this task. The first one is based on Fuzzy logic. This control algorithm combines different sensory information and provides a suitable control command allowing the mobile robot to follow the wall deviations. The second approach consists of the application of a hybrid-type Neuro-Fuzzy ANFIS controller for the same task. An important feature of this approach is that the controller combines the advantages of both Fuzzy logic and Neural Networks. The simulation results are presented and implemented with VHDL using ANFIS architecture.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	6	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	ANFIS,Fuzzy logic,Mobile robot,Neural networks,Neuro-fuzzy,Wall following
Performance analysis on transfer platforms in frame bridge based automated container terminals	2013	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	This paper studies a new automated container terminal (ACT) system which utilizes multistory frame bridges and rail-mounted trolleys to transport containers between the quay and the yard. Beside typical ACT systems use trucks or automated guided vehicles for transporting containers between quay cranes and yard cranes, the new design uses three types of handling machines, namely, ground trolleys (GTs), transfer platforms (TPs), and frame trolleys (FTs). These three types of handling machines collaborate with one another to transport containers. This study decomposes the system into several subsystems. Each subsystem has one TP and several FTs and GTs dedicated to this TP. Then, a Markov chain model is developed to analyze the throughput of TPs. At last, the performance of the new ACT system is estimated. Sensitivity analyzes the numbers, and the processing rates of trolleys are conducted through the numeric experiments.  2013 Hongtao Hu et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Mobile robot navigation based on artificial landmarks with machine vision system	2013	World Applied Sciences Journal	The paper describes machine vision system (MVS) developed by authors, which identifies artificial landmarks on images from a video camera with pan-tilt mechanism and allows to calculate the deviation of the robot from the set course. Lines limiting robot track and tags in the form of two-dimensional barcodes were selected as artificial landmarks. Designed MVS is a hardware-software complex, which includes one camera with pan-tilt mechanism and onboard computer, which implemented the software that allows to search for artificial landmarks in the environment and to identify them at the image. Also authors developed a special software provides control of the drive wheels of the robot in order to eliminate the course deviation calculated on the basis of information about artificial landmarks. The paper shows that the proposed machine vision system for mobile robot navigation is economical, have acceptable performance and can be applied in the real-time control systems for warehouse automated guided vehicles, service robots, security robots, mobile robots operating in hostile and dangerous to human health environments.  IDOSI Publications, 2013.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Russian Federation	7	Multidisciplinary	Artificial landmark,Bar code,Image recognition,Mobile robot,Navigation Machine vision system,Software
Solving multi-objective Flexible Job Shop Scheduling with transportation constraints using a micro artificial bee colony algorithm	2013	Proceedings of the 2013 IEEE 17th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, CSCWD 2013	We deal with multi-objective Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problem (FJSSP) with transportation resources constraints herein, where the cost time of loaded and empty Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) cannot be neglected. This problem is a NP-hard problem, whose optimization objectives are to minimize the makespan and total workload of machines. We proposed a multi-objective micro artificial bee colony algorithm (MMABC) to tackle this problem. In MMABC, each solution corresponds to a food source, which is encoded to reflect the assignment of AGV tasks, machine operations, and operation sequence; the smaller bee population is divided in two parts: a replaceable bee part and non-replaceable bee part. We also employed the crossover operator to the employed bee for exchanging the good scheduling. Experimental results on larger examples and comparisons with multi-objective micro genetic algorithm showed the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Software	artificial bee colony,automatic guided vehicle,flexible job shop scheduling problem,micro genetic algorithm
Optimized anchors placement: An analytical approach in UWB-based TDOA localization	2013	2013 9th International Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing Conference, IWCMC 2013	In this paper, we consider the problem of locating an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) which moves on a plane in an industrial environment by means of Ultra-Wide Band (UWB) signaling from fixed Anchors Nodes (ANs) situated in the (three-dimensional) space. An analytical approach to optimize, under proper (realistic) constraints, the placement of the ANs used to locate the AGV is proposed. Analytical results are confirmed by simulations.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	16	Computer Networks and Communications	Localization techniques,Optimal anchors placement,Time difference of arrival (TDOA),Ultra-wide band (UWB)
Optimization of container handling systems in automated maritime terminals: A hybrid genetic and a tabu search algorithms	2013	2013 International Conference on Advanced Logistics and Transport, ICALT 2013	In automated maritime terminals at import, containers location problem and QC-AGV-ASC planning are generally treated separately. This approach is not efficient because container location has a direct impact on the QC-AGV-ASC planning optimality. In this paper, we resolve the planning of QC-AGV-ASC tasks and the containers location problem in automated maritime terminals at import in one time. We propose a new bi-objective model determining the minimal storage time with the optimal storage space organization. We minimize the makespan 'date of last task' and the storage space organization with a priority of minimizing the storage time. We organize the storage space by minimizing the risk of unproductive moves caused by containers location decision. We propose a hybrid genetic and a tabu search approaches to solve efficiently the problem.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	7	Transportation	ACT (Automated Container Terminal),AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle),AGVS (AGV System),ASC (Automated Stacking Crane),Genetic Algorithm,QC (Quay Crane)
Evaluation of AGV system in flexible production system: A simulation study	2013	2013 International Conference on Advanced Logistics and Transport, ICALT 2013	Studying the performance of production systems is one of the major concerns of the manufacturers, this allows companies to adapt to any type of change to the environment and to ensure the smooth operation of the production system. Therefore, we conduct a study of a flexible manufacturing system which has a set of Automated Guided Vehicles system (AGVs) in order to define the levels of the most influential factors on the behavior of our system. Ever since, we perform scenarios of experiments that focus on the variation in the number of trucks circulated in the system and the management policy adopted carriages while taking into account the law of product arrival. A simulation tool SIMAN / ARENA has allowed us to analyze the behavior of the system and achieve suitable results that show the impact of proper choice of parameters on the system performance.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	2	Transportation	AGVs,discrete event simulation,flexible manufacturing system,performance masurement
Direct model reference adaptive tracking control of wheeled mobile robot	2013	2013 IEEE International Symposium on Innovations in Intelligent Systems and Applications, IEEE INISTA 2013	This paper presents a model reference adaptive control (MRAC) scheme for trajectory tracking of a nonholonomic wheeled mobile robot (WMR) in presence of parametric uncertainty in its dynamic model. The integration of a kinematic controller and a dynamic controller for the dynamic model of a nonholonomic mobile robot has been presented. First, feedback velocity control inputs are designed for the kinematic steering system to make the position error asymtotically stable. Second, a feedback velocity-following control law is designed such that the mobile robot's velocities converge asymtotically to the given velocity inputs. The adaptive controller designed based on the dynamic model provides the voltages of the robot actuators for yielding the required velocities. This means point stabilization. Simulations also demonstrate the good performance of the proposed control scheme under the presence of the dynamic parameter uncertainties.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	1	Artificial Intelligence	adaptive control,mobile robots,trajectory tracking
Development of sightseeing guidance system	2013	ICIC Express Letters, Part B: Applications	In recent years, improved national living standards have established tourism as a major leisure activity. Websites are convenient for the public to search for tourist attraction-related information. However, because most websites are text and still-image based, they lack in-depth preview experiences and travel-planning information including directions and distances. This study combines environment platforms such as 3D Space, Google Maps, the entity-relationship (ER) model, Mobile, and SuperPad, to establish a tourism information platform that offers realistic previews and route planning. Information on Hsinchu City's tourist attractions, restaurants, stores, and accommodations are collected and developed into a user interface that is accessible to the public to conduct inquiries through the Internet. After the inquiry data has been selected the interface shows relevant location information and a 360° realistic preview of the location and provides route planning between locations. In addition, this study developed a mobile Smartphone edition that integrates GPS navigation technology to help users arrive rapidly and accurately at their destinations.  2013 ISSN 2185-2766.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Computer Science (all)	Database,ER model,GPS,Sightseeing guidance,Smartphone
On the concerted design and scheduling of multiple resources for persistent UAV operations	2013	2013 International Conference on Unmanned Aircraft Systems, ICUAS 2013 - Conference Proceedings	A fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) supported by logistics infrastructure, such as automated service stations, may be capable of long-term persistent operations. Typically, two key stages in the deployment of such a system are resource selection and scheduling. Here, we endeavor to conduct both of these phases in concert for persistent UAV operations. We develop a mixed integer linear program (MILP) to formally describe this joint design and scheduling problem. The MILP allows UAVs to replenish their energy resources, and then return to service, using any of a number of candidate service station locations distributed throughout the field. The UAVs provide service to known deterministic customer space-time trajectories. There may be many of these customer missions occurring simultaneously in the time horizon. Each customer mission may be addressed by several UAVs. Multiple tasks may be conducted by each UAV between visits to the service stations. The MILP jointly determines the number and locations of resources (design) and their schedules to provide service to the customers. We then develop a modified receding horizon task assignment algorithm including the design problem (RHTAd) to address the computational complexity of the MILP. Numerical experiments assess the performance of RHTAd relative to the MILP solved via CPLEX. RHTA d is substantially faster with quite acceptable loss of optimality. As such, problems of much larger size can be addressed.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	9	Aerospace Engineering	None
AMHS capacity determination model for wafer fabrication based on production performance optimization	2013	International Journal of Production Research	Automatic material handling system (AMHS) is becoming more important in 300 mm wafer fabrication factories (fab). Effective and efficient design and control of AMHS has become more critical particularly in capacity planning. The major concept of the AMHS capacity determination model is to maintain the originally designed optimal production throughput or cycle time of products. In order to maintain fabs throughput or cycle time of products, WIP (work in process) portfolio of the constraint or the fastest workstation should be kept. Based on this concept, a GI/G/m queuing model based on FCFS (First-come-first- serve) dispatching rule of AMHS is applied to determine the required number of vehicles. Basically, products should be transported to the specific workstation (constraint or fastest workstation) before the workstation finishes the existing process; therefore, sufficient WIP in front of this specific workstation should be kept. Under this condition, the probability that transportation time exceeds product processing time under a certain transportation capacity level can be calculated by the proposed model. Hence, we can get the required capacity of AMHS to achieve the probability target set in advance. Due to the capacity of AMHS can be set according to the acceptable probability of non-exceeding the processing time of the constraint or fastest workstation, the level of WIP in front of this workstation can be kept. It also can be ensured that AMHS will not affect the production performance as well as keep the reasonable investment level.  2013 Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	8	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	300 mm semiconductor manufacturing,AMHS,capacity planning
A track following visual navigation model car based on FPGA	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	A novel adaptive track finding algorithm is designed, which combines the function of track finding and image binarization. The combination of these two functions allows the system to determine the binarization threshold adaptively, and perform accurate visual navigation in diverse lighting and track conditions. A circular arc path planning strategy with a single measurable control parameter is used to guide the model car to the track. The circular arc path planning strategy is easy to implement and delivers fast and accurate responses to the track.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	FPGA,Machine vision,Mechatronics,Visual navigation
Using LOG method to measure errors of mobile robots' location	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This paper presents an innovative Method to Measure Errors Of Mobile Robots' Location. The innovative method is composed of a Laser pointer with Optical cross mark and a Grid paper (LOG method). The errors of a mobile robot's location are included the precision and accuracy of the translation and rotation. Using the measured errors, the performance of a mobile robot can be evaluated. The Mecanum wheel is a conventional wheel with a series of rollers attached to its circumference and can move in any direction. In this research, the three encoders are used on a mobile robot with three Mecanum wheels. The three Mecanum wheels are mounted on the robot round frame as a base of the moving platform. Mecanum wheels are independently powered using three units of precisian gear DC motors and the wheel/motor assemblies were mounted directly to the robot round frame. The slip occurs always by the rollers attached to conventional wheel's circumference. The force modeling and the innovative evaluating system for the precision and accuracy of the translation and rotation is focused on this research. By using a laser pointer with cross optical mark and a sheet of mm grid paper on the mobile robot, a fast and stable testing set up for the precision and accuracy of the translation and rotation is build. Through LOG method, and according certain testing process the precision and accuracy of the translation and rotation of a mobile robot can be fast evaluated and analyzed, respectively. The experiment result shows that the mobile robot moves sideways the distance from 0.25m to1.5m at the speed 1m/s fast, stable and easily to finish. The error of translation and rotation of the mobile robot can be fast determined respectively. And the performance of a mobile robot can be fast evaluated by every run at the stop localization immediately.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Engineering (all)	Accuracy,LOG method,Mecanum wheel,Mobile robot,Performance,Precision
Automated formal verification of routing in material handling systems	2013	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	The design of correctly implemented controls in material handling systems (MHS) is time consuming and cumbersome. The developer has to deal with an ever increasing complexity and heterogeneity of MHS on the one hand, but also with short development cycles and high demands to MHS on the other hand. For baggage handling systems (BHS) at airports, the error-free implementation of routing strategies is especially of importance, as these strategies are critical to safety. This paper proposes a compositional approach to the formal verification of routing in MHS. The approach is based on the theory of assume-guarantee reasoning, where proofs of the overall system are derived from proofs of subsystems. Moreover, the approach has been implemented in a tool that automatically carries out the verification. A real-world example is discussed in this paper, showing the benefits and scalability of the presented approach.  2004-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Baggage handling systems (BHS),formal verification,material handling systems (MHS),model checking,routing
PSO in 2D-space to solve reactive scheduling problems in FMS to reduce the makespan	2013	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	Production reactive scheduling considering simultaneous use of machines and AGVs in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) involves modeling and searching methodology in a wide solution space. Several researches have been using the Genetic Algorithms (GA) as a search method to solve this problem since these algorithms have the capacity of globally exploring the search space and find good solutions quickly. Due to the characteristics of the problem, this paper proposes the use of Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) to solve reactive scheduling problems with the minimization of makespan in FMS. The proposal was tested in two factory scenarios and validated by comparing its results with those obtained by techniques based on genetic algorithm and adaptive genetic algorithm.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	FMS,Genetic Algorithms,Production Scheduling,PSO
Research on layout optimization of urban circle solid waste transfer and disposal stations	2013	Journal of Networks	Based on the Systematic Layout Planning theory and the analysis of transfer stations' technological processes, a layout optimization model for solid waste transfer and disposal stations was made. The operating units' layout of the solid waste transfer and disposal stations was simulated and optimized using the genetic algorithm, which could achieve reasonable technological processes, the smallest floor space and the lowest construction cost. The simulation result can also direct the initial engineering design and can also provide reference for similar engineering design methods.  2013 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications	Floor space,Genetic algorithm,Layout optimization,Transfer stations
Neural network control optimization based on improved genetic algorithm	2013	Journal of Networks	To clearly find the effect of factors in network classification, the classification process of PNN is analyzed in detail. The XOR problem is described by PNN and the elements in PNN are also studied. Through simulations and combined with genetic algorithm, a novel PNN supervised learning algorithm is proposed. This algorithm introduces the classification accuracy of training samples to the network parameter learning. It adopts genetic algorithm to train the PNN smoothing parameter and hidden centric vector. Then the effects of hidden neuron number, hidden centric vector and smoothing parameter in PNN are verified in the experiments. It is shown that this algorithm is superior to other PNN learning algorithms on classification effect.  2013 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications	Clustering point,Genetic algorithm,Probabilistic neural network,Smoothing parameter
Mathematical models and design of an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle)	2013	Proceedings of the 2013 IEEE 8th Conference on Industrial Electronics and Applications, ICIEA 2013	The development of automatic robots is one of the research fields in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) aiming to carry out tasks in the logistic areas. This reduces human intervention, as well as automates repetitive and/or inappropriate tasks. This article presents the design and mathematical models of an AGV, Automated guided vehicle, as part of FMS. It proposes a mechatronics design methodology to the areas of mechanics, electronic and control using CAD and CAE tools.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	7	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Mechatronics design methodology,Mobile Robotics,Robotics
Extending a synthesis-centric model-based systems engineering framework with stochastic model checking	2013	Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science	We propose to integrate performance evaluation with supervisory control synthesis to bring higher confidence in the control design. Supervisory control theory deals with automatic synthesis of supervisory controllers that ensure safe behavior of the supervised system, based on the models of the uncontrolled system and the (safety) control requirements. For the purpose of performance evaluation, we turn to stochastic model checking of continuous-time Markov chains, which requires an extension of the model of the uncontrolled system with Markovian delays. We cast our proposal as an extension of a model-based systems engineering framework that relies on supervisor synthesis. We treat the Markovian delays syntactically, exploiting their equivalent interleaving behavior with uniquely-named uncontrollable transitions. In this way, we can employ already available synthesis tools, while preserving the stochastic behavior. To this end, we develop model transformation tools to extract the underlying Markov process from the stochastic discrete-event model of the supervised system. We illustrate the approach by modeling a pipeless plant that employs automated guided vehicles instead of fixed piping in order to ensure greater flexibility of the plant. The control problem that we solve is safe high-level movement coordination of the vehicles, ensured by the supervisory controller. We show how to seamlessly introduce stochastic behavior in the supervised system and we evaluate several performance and reliability aspects of the plant. We implement the framework by interfacing two state-of-the-art tools: Supremica for supervisory controller synthesis and MRMC for Markovian model checking. To this end, we improve previous attempts by providing support for data-based observers, which greatly improve the modeling capabilities of the framework.  2013 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Markov processes,performance evaluation,supervisory control theory
Hybrid flow shop problem with blocking and multi-product families in a maritime terminal	2013	2013 10th IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC 2013	Vehicle scheduling problem in maritime terminal is closely related to the cooperation and interference of different types of equipments. In this paper, vehicle scheduling problem in a maritime terminal using dual cycle operation is studied. The vehicle scheduling problem is defined as a three-stage hybrid flow shop problem with multi-product families and blocking. Due to the NP-hard of hybrid flow shop problem, a constructive heuristic algorithm based on machine's inventory and quota is developed. Performance of lower bound is characterized to demonstrate the effectiveness and practicability of the developed algorithm. Results show that the proposed algorithm can give approximately optimal solutions with low computing cost, and it is very effective for large scale problems in practice.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	blocking,container terminal,hybrid flow shop,multi-product families,vehicle scheduling
Development of standard test methods for unmanned and manned industrial vehicles used near humans	2013	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has been researching human-robot-vehicle collaborative environments for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and manned forklifts. Safety of AGVs and manned vehicles with automated functions (e.g., forklifts that slow/stop automatically in hazardous situations) are the focus of the American National Standards Institute/Industrial Truck Safety Development Foundation (ANSI/ITSDF) B56.5 safety standard. Recently, the NIST Mobile Autonomous Vehicle Obstacle Detection/Avoidance (MAVODA) Project began researching test methods to detect humans or other obstacles entering the vehicle's path. This causes potential safety hazards in manufacturing facilities where both line-of-sight and non-line-of-sight conditions are prevalent. The test methods described in this paper address both of these conditions. These methods will provide the B56.5 committee with the measurement science basis for sensing systems - both non-contact and contact - that may be used in manufacturing facilities.  2013 SPIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ansi/itsdf b56.5 safety standard,Automated guided vehicles,Collaborative work spaces,Force measurement
Study on intelligent vehicle steering control algorithm using SVM	2013	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	The traditional steering control algorithms require accurately dynamic and mechanic model which are very difficult. Aiming at the intelligent vehicle model, a vision-based support vector machine (SVM) steering control algorithm for autonomous navigation of vehicle is brought forward in this paper. With the input of white-line position values of a road map, the algorithm outputs the steering angle of the front wheels. 190 groups of image data is trained by SVM, which contain 20 groups of linear state models as well as 170 groups of turning state model. The test indicates that the algorithm can learn the control tactic of the operator very well, and has better stability and robustness.  2013 Springer Science+Business Media.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Intelligent vehicle,Steering control,Support victor machine
Kinematic control algorithm for AGV with parameter uncertainties based on filtering backstepping	2013	Kongzhi yu Juece/Control and Decision	Based on the nolinear kinematic model of automatic guided vehicles, an adaptive Backstepping method is used to design a controller for the kinematic control of automatic guided vehicles with parameter uncertainties. The convergence of the tracking errors of automatic guided vehicles is proved by using the Lyapunov stability theory. The tracking differentiator is adopted to acquire the derivatives of virtual control and input signal without noise. Therefore, the Backstepping implementation is simplified significantly. Furthermore, the control parameters for adaptive controller are trained by evolutionary programming. Moreover, the simulation results show that the proposed method greatly compensates the effects of parameter perturbation and improves the system tracking accuracy and robustness in comparison with traditional PID control laws.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Automatic guided vehicle,Filtering backstepping control,Kinematic control,Parameter uncertainties
Multiple-objective scheduling for interbay AMHS by using genetic-programming-based composite dispatching rules generator	2013	Computers in Industry	Semiconductor wafer fabrication system (SWFS) is one of the most complicate discrete processing systems in the world. As the wafer size grows from 200 to 300 mm and then to 450 mm in recent years, the interbay automated material handling system (AMHS) has been widely adopted. How to improve the overall efficiency of AMHS has therefore become a crucial and urgent problem to wafer manufacturers. However, the large-scale, dynamic and stochastic production environment significantly substantiates the complexity of the scheduling problem for interbay AMHS. Aiming to meet the demand of multiple-objective optimization, composite dispatching rules (CDR) are applied. The system parameters, including wafer cassettes due date, waiting time, and stocker buffer status are simultaneously considered. In order that the composite dispatching rules can be used in real-life dynamic production, a genetic programming based CDR generator is proposed. Discrete event simulation models are constructed using the eM-Plant software to simulate the 300 mm SWFS. The numerical study indicates that by using the generated composite dispatching rules the transport efficiency is improved, meanwhile, the wafer throughput is increased and the processing cycle time is shortened. The experimental results also demonstrate that the GP-based generating algorithm is effective and efficient for a dynamic environment. Further comparisons with other scheduling methods show that the proposed approach performs better in most scenarios.  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	23	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Composite dispatching rules,Genetic programming,Interbay material handling system,Multiple-objective scheduling
Performance analysis modeling approach for wafer fabrication material handling system	2013	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To rapidly and effectively analyze the performances of Automated Material Handling System (AMHS) during the design phase, an Extended Markov Chain Model (EMCM) based modeling approach was proposed. The scale of AMHS's performance analytical model was reduced and the state space explosion phenomenon of the model was avoided. With production data from a 300 mm semiconductor wafer fabrication line, the proposed modeling approach was compared with simulation analytical approach. The result showed that the 96% relative error value of performance indexes between EMCM and simulation model such as AMHS's movement, vehicle's utilization ratio and interval of vehicle's mean arrival time within the range of [-8%, 10%]. The analytical efficiency of EMCM was 600 times higher than the simulation model. It demonstrated that the proposed EMCM based modeling approach was effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated material handling system,Extended Markov chain model,Modeling,Wafer fabrication
A novel hybrid equipment allocation algorithm for automated container terminal based on tri-dimensional rail network	2013	Wuhan Ligong Daxue Xuebao (Jiaotong Kexue Yu Gongcheng Ban)/Journal of Wuhan University of Technology (Transportation Science and Engineering)	In the existing equipment allocation algorithms of automated container terminal, the one-one corresponding mechanism was used. In this paper, we proposed an algorithm used mixed allocation mechanism to solve the problem caused by one-one corresponding mechanism, such as one device always busy but the other free continuously; At the same time, in our algorithm, the overall synchronization mobile strategy was adopted instead of current step by step moving strategy, that means when handling tasks was received, the device in the equipment set move to the target location simultaneously. It is proved by simulation experiments that, terminal efficiency is greatly improved and the device busy rate is relatively balanced by using our algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated container terminal,Equipment allocation algorithm,ZPMC
Maximally permissive deadlock prevention via an invariant controlled method	2013	International Journal of Production Research	Recently, researchers have proposed a novel and computationally efficient method to design optimal control places and an iteration approach that computes the reachability graph once to obtain a maximally permissive, if any, liveness-enforcing supervisor of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). The approach solves the set of integer linear inequalities to compute control places. If, given a Petri net model, no solution exists, the optimal control place does not exist for the Petri net model. We discover that a solution always exists for systems of simple sequential processes with resources (S 3PR), but not for the case of FMS modelled by generalised Petri nets (GPN). We propose a theory to prove that there are no good states that will be forbidden by the control policy for S3PR, in which live and dead states cannot have the same weighted sum of tokens in the complimentary set of a siphon. For a system of simple sequential processes with general resource requirements (S3PGR2) modelled by GPN, we find the reason why the integer linear programming (ILP) may not have solutions, which is consistent with the fact that optimal supervisor synthesis for GPN remains unknown. We show that live and dead states may have the same weighted sum of tokens in the complimentary set of a siphon in a GPN. These theoretical results are verified by case studies.  2013 Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	deadlock prevention,FMS,Petri nets
Mathematic modeling and heuristic algorithm of hybrid flow shop with multi-jobs families and no-buffer	2013	Xitong Gongcheng Lilun yu Shijian/System Engineering Theory and Practice	The paper presents a novel hybrid flow shop problem with multi-jobs families and no-buffer, and it is derived from hybrid operation of container terminal. Since the problem has these characteristics such as multi-jobs families, no-buffer, dedicated machines, setup time and operating time dependent on machines and sequence, we construct a new mixed integer linear programming model. As for the NP-hard of the problem, a constructive heuristic algorithm is developed to solve it. In the algorithm, a scheduling list consisting of triple machine matching pairs is dynamically produced based on machine's inventory and quota, and the triple machine matching pair corresponding to a job denotes the route or trip of a job in hybrid flow shop with 3 stages. Further, the performance of the algorithm is evaluated and validated through simulation experiments and analysis of lower bound, and can achieve approximate optimal solution with low computing cost. Especially, the algorithm is very effective for big size problems in practice.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Economic Geology,Computer Science Applications	Heuristic,Hybrid flow shop,Job families,Mixed integer linear programming,Scheduling
Solving a stochastic facility location/fleet management problem with logic-based Benders' decomposition	2013	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	This article addresses a stochastic facility location and vehicle assignment problem in which customers are served by full return trips. The problem consists of simultaneously locating a set of facilities, determining the vehicle fleet size at each facility, and allocating customers to facilities and vehicles in the presence of random travel times. Such travel times can arise, for example, due to daily traffic patterns or weather-related disturbances. These various travel time conditions are considered as different scenarios with known probabilities. A stochastic programming with bounded penalties model is presented for the problem. In order to solve the problem, integer programming and two-level and three-level logic-based Benders decomposition models are proposed. Computational experiments demonstrate that the Benders models were able to substantially outperform the integer programming model in terms of both finding and verifying the optimal solution.  2013 Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	9	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Facility location,fleet management,logic-based Benders decomposition,stochastic programming
Using optical mouse as a position feedback sensor for AGV navigation	2013	International Journal of Mechanical and Mechatronics Engineering	The control, navigation and interaction with the working environment of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) are indispensable processes for material handling in a Flexible Manufacturing System(FMS) . In this paper, the prospect of using an optical mouse as an economical yet efficient alternative sensor for AGV navigation and control is depicted. This work emphasizes on the supervision and surveillance over the location, planning and operation of an AGV from a central control panel using a conventional personal computer. An experimental setup is planned and carried out to evaluate the proposed technique for AGV navigation in an indoor environment. The setup included a laboratory-made vehicle, a test bed and an optical mouse as navigation sensor. After the successful accomplishment of the tests, it is concluded that a smart central approach or vehicle approach can be followed for the prediction and avoidance of deadlocking and path planning for the AGV using an optical mouse sensor with a few inexpensive additional developments.  April 2013 IJENS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Bangladesh	3	Engineering (all)	AGV,Indoor environment,Optical sensor,Path planning,Robot navigation
Localization and map building of laser sensor AGV based on Kalman filter	2013	Advanced Materials Research	Localization and navigation algorithm is the key technology to determine whether or not an AGV (automatic guided vehicle) can run normally. In this paper, we summarize the popular navigation technologies first and then focus on the positioning principle of Nav200 which is adopted in our AGV system. Besides that, the map building method and the layout of the reflective board is also introduced briefly. This paper introduced two navigation methods. The traditional navigation method only uses the sensor data and the electronic map to guide AGV. To improve positioning accuracy, we use the Kalman filter to minimize the error of localization sensor. At last some simulation work was done, the results shows that the localization accuracy was improved by adopting Kalman filter algorithm.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Karman filter,Localization,Navigation,Topological map
Robust guidance control for nonholonomic AGV based on first order dynamic sliding mode techniques	2013	Advanced Materials Research	This paper develops a high performance guidance controller for automated guided vehicle (AGV) with nonholonomic constraint. In this controller, the path following method in the Serret-Frenet frame is used for driving the AGV onto a predefined path at a constant forward speed. Moreover, a first order dynamic sliding mode controller is proposed, not only to overcome the impact of unknown model uncertainties and external disturbances of the system, but also to weaken the chattering in the standard sliding mode control. The global asymptotic stability and robustness of the system is proven by the Lyapunov theory and LaSalle's invariance principle. Simulation results show the validity of the proposed guidance control scheme.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,First order dynamic sliding mode control,Guidance control,Nonholonomic system,Path following
Multi objective optimization of coordinated scheduling of cranes and vehicles at container terminals	2013	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	According to previous researches, automated guided vehicles and quay cranes in container terminals have a high potential synergy. In this paper, a mixed integer programming model is formulated to optimize the coordinated scheduling of cranes and vehicles in container terminals. Objectives of the model are to minimize total traveling time of the vehicles and delays in tasks of cranes. A genetic algorithm is developed to solve the problem in reasonable computational time. The most appropriate control parameters for the proposed genetic algorithm are investigated in a medium size numerical test case. It is shown that balanced crossover and mutation rates have the best performance in finding a near optimal solution for the problem. Then, ten small size test cases are solved to evaluate the performance of the proposed optimization methods. The results show the applicability of the genetic algorithm since it can find near optimal solutions, precisely and accurately.  2013 Seyed Mahdi Homayouni and Sai Hong Tang.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	12	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
An accurate and robust flexible guidance system for indoor industrial environments	2013	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	This work presents the development of a flexible industrial guidance system used to guide Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in indoor industrial environments. Typically, wireless guidance systems are composed of path-tracking and localization methods linked to follow a certain route. This paper focuses on the localization approach that permits industrial vehicles to operate indoors with the grade of accuracy, repeatability and reliability required by industrial applications. A key point is that, apart from accuracy, the position estimates should be performed at a high sample rate in order to permit the path tracker to follow the route properly. Robustness of absolute positioning is also crucial in industrial applications. An Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) is adopted to fuse the information provided by a laser navigation system and odometry. The effectiveness of the development is tested using a custom modified commercial industrial vehicle operating in an industrial setting.  2013 Herrero-Pérez et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	11	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicles,Extended kalman filter (EKF),Industrial robots,Sensor fusion
Fast Edge detection based on mathematical morphology for straight line paths of vision navigation in AGV system	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Fast processing and recognition of image have an important influence on the real-time performance of AGV by vision navigation. The fast method of edge detection based on mathematical morphology for straight line path is proposed in this paper. Binary processing is implemented firstly for path image. Then the edge detection using morphological gradient can be executed directly, and image filtering and recognition of path edge can be realized simultaneously. Kinematics model of AGV is built and the shape of structure element in morphology processing can be adjusted in real time. The results of experiment show that recognition time of straight line path is shorten by this image processing method.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Edge detection,Line detection,Morphological gradient,Vision navigation
Distributed control of multi-AGV system based on regional control model	2013	Production Engineering	With the development of logistics technology, automated guided vehicle (AGV) is playing an increasingly important role on flexible manufacturing system. It is important to discuss the behavior of traffic for the design and realization of multi-AGV system. When AGVs operate in a manufacturing plant, there will be conflicts, deadlocks and other problems; how to avoid these problems and enhance the flexibility and efficiency of multi-AGV system becomes more and more necessary. Aiming at reducing the inherent complexity of the multi-AGV problem, a new regional control model with new guide-path configuration is presented. A multi-AGV scheduling strategy based on the shortest waiting time is proposed to achieve the optimization of AGV running time, and a distributed control mechanism is developed to resolve the conflict and deadlock problem of the multi-AGV system. Finally a test bed for the multi-AGV system simulation is built and the simulation results indicate the validity and feasibility of the proposed model.  2013 German Academic Society for Production Engineering (WGP).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	24	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Distributed control,Multi-AGV,Regional control model,Shortest waiting time
Dynamic dispatching for interbay material handling by using modified Hungarian algorithm and fuzzy-logic-based control	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Semiconductor Wafer Fabrication System (SWFS) is one of the most complicate discrete processing systems in the world. As the wafer size grows from 200 to 300 mm and then to 450 mm in recent years, the interbay automated material handling system (AMHS) has been widely adopted. How to improve the overall efficiency of interbay material handling has therefore become a critical and urgent problem to be solved. However, the large-scale, dynamic and stochastic production environment significantly substantiates the complexity of the scheduling problem. Aiming to meet the demands of adaptive adjusting, efficient scheduling and multiple-objective optimization, a dynamic dispatching method based on modified Hungarian algorithm is proposed. The system parameters, including cassette due date, cassette waiting time, and system load are simultaneously considered, and furthermore the multi-parameters' weight coefficients are adjusted dynamically by using the fuzzy-logic-based control. Discrete event simulation models are constructed with the eM-Plant software to evaluate the proposed approach. Experimental results show that the proposed dynamic dispatching method improves the system efficiency in terms of mean delivery time, mean waiting time and so on. Meanwhile, the proposed dispatching method has a better comprehensive performance such as the robustness compared to conventional vehicle dispatching approaches.  2013 Springer-Verlag London.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	16	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Fuzzy-logic-based control,Interbay material handling,Modified Hungarian algorithm,Vehicle dispatching
A cross-entropy heuristic statistical modeling for determining total stochastic material handling time	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper concerns with proposing a heuristic statistical technique to compute total stochastic material handling time in an automated guided vehicle (AGV) equipped jobshop manufacturing system. With respect to stochastic times of AGVs material handling process, the material handling activities probability distributions are considered. Using the probability distributions, we model the AGV material handling problem using a heuristic statistical method when the activities' probability distribution functions are the same. Also, in the case that the activities' probability distribution functions are different, a cross-entropy approach is proposed and developed to model the problem. The effectiveness of the proposed model is illustrated in a numerical example and verified by a simulation study. The numerical experiments are worked out in two cases, namely having same probability distributions and different probability distributions for activities. Both cases are verified by simulation study using different simulation softwares showing the efficiency of the employed approaches. In case 1, the deviation of ARENA from the proposed statistical model is estimated to be 0.5 % while for other softwares detailed in the experiments the value of deviations are more than 30 %. On the other hand, in case 2 again ARENA performed better than others having the deviation of 0.3 % from the proposed cross-entropy.  2012 Springer-Verlag London.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Cross-entropy (CE),Jobshop manufacturing system,Statistical technique,Stochastic time
Design of a neuro-fuzzy-regression expert system to estimate cost in a flexible jobshop automated manufacturing system	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	We propose a cost estimation model based on a fuzzy rule backpropagation network, configuring the rules to estimate the cost under uncertainty. A multiple linear regression analysis is applied to analyze the rules and identify the effective rules for cost estimation. Then, using a dynamic programming approach, we determine the optimal path of the manufacturing network. Finally, an application of this model is illustrated through a numerical example showing the effectiveness of the proposed model for solving the cost estimation problem under uncertainty.  2012 Springer-Verlag London.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,Cost estimation,Fuzzy logic,Neural network,Regression analysis
A compact wireless charging system development	2013	Conference Proceedings - IEEE Applied Power Electronics Conference and Exposition - APEC	In this paper, a high power density high efficiency wireless power transfer converter system via inductive coupling has been designed and developed. The detailed gate drive design, cooling system design and power stage development are presented.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	34	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Multiobjective optimization for autonomous straddle carrier scheduling at automated container terminals	2013	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	A multiobjective optimization model is presented in this paper for the Autonomous Straddle Carriers Scheduling (ASCS) problem in automated container terminals, which is more practical than the single objective model. The model considers three objectives [ i.e., Straddle Carriers (SCs) traveling time, SC waiting time and finishing time of high-priority container-transferring jobs], and their weighted sum is investigated as the representative example. The presented model is formulated as a pickup and delivery problem with time windows in the form of binary integer programming. An exact algorithm based on Branch-and-Bound with Column Generation (BBCG) is employed for solving the multiobjective ASCS problem. Based on the map of an actual fully automated container terminal, simulation results are compared with the single-objective scheduling to demonstrate the effectiveness and flexibility of the presented multiobjective model, as well as the efficacy of the BBCG algorithm for autonomous SC scheduling.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated container terminals,Exact optimization,Multiobjective,Scheduling,Straddle carriers (SCs)
Declarative approach to cyclic steady state space refinement: Periodic process scheduling	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Problems of cyclic scheduling are usually observed in flexible manufacturing systems which produce multitype parts where the automated guided vehicle system plays the role of a material handling system, as well as in various other multimodal transportation systems where goods and/or passenger itinerary planning plays a pivotal role. The schedulability analysis of the processes executed in the so-called systems of concurrent cyclic processes (SCCPs) can be executed within a declarative modeling framework. Consequently, the considered SCCP scheduling problem can be seen as a constraint satisfaction problem. Such a representation provides a unified way for evaluating the performance of local cyclic processes as well as of multimodal processes supported by them. Here, the crucial issue is that of a control procedure (e.g., a set of dispatching rules), which would guarantee the cyclic behavior of the SCCP. In this context, we discuss the sufficient conditions guaranteeing the schedulability of both local and multimodal cyclic processes, and we propose a recursive approach in designing them.  2013 The Author(s).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	48	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Constraint programming,Cyclic processes,Declarative modeling,Dispatching rules,Periodicity,State space
Analyses of advanced iterated tour partitioning heuristics for generalized vehicle routing problems	2013	Networks	Theoretical analyses of a set of iterated-tour partitioning vehicle routing algorithms applicable to a wide variety of commonly used vehicle routing problem variants are presented. We analyze the worst-case performance of the algorithms and establish tightness of the derived bounds. Among other variants, we capture the cases of pick-up and delivery and multiple depots. We also introduce brand new concepts such as mobile depots, partitioning of customer nodes into groups, and potential opportunistic under-utilization of vehicle capacity by only partially loading the vehicle, among others, which arise from a printed circuit board application. The problems studied are of critical importance in many practical applications. Copyright  2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Software,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	approximation algorithms,printed circuit board,vehicle routing,worst-case analysis
A fuzzy rule for job dispatching in a wafer fabrication factory - A simulation study	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Job scheduling in wafer fabrication factories is subject to many sources of uncertainty or randomness. To consider the uncertainty and improve the scheduling performance in a wafer fabrication factory, this paper proposes an innovative fuzzy rule that solves the problem of slack overlapping in a non-subjective way. The fuzzy rule considers the uncertainty in the remaining cycle time and is aimed at the simultaneous optimization of the average cycle time and cycle time standard deviation. Few existing publications discuss this issue. A systematic procedure has also been established to optimize the value of the adjustable parameter in the fuzzy rule. On the other hand, a novel fuzzy back propagation network approach is also proposed in this paper to estimate the remaining cycle time accurately. The performance of the proposed methodology is evaluated with a series of production simulation experiments.  2013 Springer-Verlag London.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Fuzzy,Intelligent,Scheduling,Slack diversifying,Wafer fabrication
Comparison of alternative ship-to-yard vehicles with the consideration of the batch process of quay cranes	2013	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	Container terminals around the world fiercely compete to increase their throughput and to accommodate new mega vessels. In order to increase the port throughput drastically, new quay cranes capable of batch processing are being introduced. The tandem-lift spreader equipped with a quay crane, which can handle one to four containers simultaneously, has recently been developed. Such increase in the handling capacity of quay cranes requires significant increase in the transportation capacity of ship-to-yard vehicles as well. The objective of this study is to compare the performances of three alternative configurations of ship-to-yard vehicles in a conventional container terminal environment. We assume that the yard storage for containers is horizontally configured and the quay cranes equip with tandem-lift spreaders. A discrete event simulation model for a container terminal is developed and validated. We compare the performances of the three alternatives under different cargo workloads and profiles, represented by different annual container handling volumes and different ratios of tandem mode operations, respectively. The results show that the performances of the alternative vehicle types are largely dependent on workload requirement and profile.  International Journal of Industrial Engineering.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container terminal,Quay crane,Ship-to-yard vehicle,Simulation,Tandem-lift spreader
Scheduling a single vehicle in the just-in-time part supply for a mixed-model assembly line	2013	Computers and Operations Research	This paper focuses on the scheduling of a single vehicle, which delivers parts from a storage centre to workstations in a mixed-model assembly line. In order to avoid part shortage and to cut down total inventory holding and travelling costs, the destination workstation, the part quantity and the departure time of each delivery have to be specified properly according to predetermined assembly sequences. In this paper, an optimisation model is established for the configuration that only one destination workstation is involved within each delivery. Four specific properties of the problem are deduced, then a backward-backtracking approach and a hybrid GASA (genetic algorithm and simulated annealing) approach are developed based on these properties. Both two approaches are applied to several groups of instances with real-world data, and results show that the GASA approach is efficient even in large instances. Furthermore, the existence of feasible solutions (EOFS) is analysed via instances with different problem settings, which are obtained by an orthodox experimental design (ODE). An analysis of variance (ANOVA) shows that the buffer capacity is the most significant factor influencing the EOFS. Besides this, both the assembly sequence length and distances to workstations also have noticeable impacts.  2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	29	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	GASA,Just-in-time,Mixed-model assembly line,Part supply,Vehicle scheduling
Robustness of deadlock control for a class of Petri nets with unreliable resources	2013	Information Sciences	A variety of deadlock control policies based on Petri nets have been proposed for automated manufacturing systems (AMSs). Most of them prevent deadlocks by adding monitors for emptiable siphons that, without an appropriate control policy, can cause deadlocks, where the resources in a system under consideration are assumed to be reliable. When resources are unreliable, it is infeasible or impossible to apply the existing control strategies. For systems of simple sequential processes with resources (S3PR), this paper bridges the gap between a divide-and-conquer deadlock control strategy and its application to real-world systems with unreliable resources. Recovery subnets and monitors are designed for unreliable resources and strict minimal siphons that may be emptied, respectively. Normal and inhibitor arcs are used to connect monitors with recovery subnets in case of necessity. Then reanalysis of the original Petri net is avoided and a robust liveness-enforcing supervisor is derived. Examples are presented to illustrate the proposed methodology.  2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	57	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Automated manufacturing system,Deadlock,Petri net,Siphon,Supervisor
From model-based control to data-driven control: Survey, classification and perspective	2013	Information Sciences	This paper is a brief survey on the existing problems and challenges inherent in model-based control (MBC) theory, and some important issues in the analysis and design of data-driven control (DDC) methods are here reviewed and addressed. The necessity of data-driven control is discussed from the aspects of the history, the present, and the future of control theories and applications. The state of the art of the existing DDC methods and applications are presented with appropriate classifications and insights. The relationship between the MBC method and the DDC method, the differences among different DDC methods, and relevant topics in data-driven optimization and modeling are also highlighted. Finally, the perspective of DDC and associated research topics are briefly explored and discussed.  2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	415	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Classification,Data-based control,Data-driven control,Perspective,Survey
A transferable belief model applied to LIDAR perception for autonomous vehicles	2013	Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering	Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR) sensors are commonly used in perception for autonomous vehicles because of their high accuracy, speed, and range. These characteristics make the sensor suitable for integration into the perception layer of controllers which have the capacity to avoid collisions with unpredicted obstacles. The objective of this work was to design a robust and efficient algorithm to acquire useful knowledge from LIDAR scans, and to test its performance in real road situations. The method is based on the construction of an Occupancy Grid based on the Transferable Belief Model, which has proved promising in other studies. Two clear advantages of this method are the reduction of the problem complexity in the phases of segmentation, occlusion detection and tracking, and its ease of integration with other sensors to allow the overall system to evolve towards reliable and complete perception.  2013 - IOS Press and the author(s). All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	7	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	laser ranging segmentation,Object detection,road safety,tracking,vehicles
Metaheuristics for Job Shop Scheduling with Transportation	2013	Metaheuristics for Production Scheduling	ISTE Ltd 2013. All rights reserved.In production systems, optimization involves the efficient use of a set of resources: processing resources, the means of storage and the transportation resources involved in the different stages of the manufacturing process. Classic scheduling problems consist of finding a schedule of a set of tasks and also execution dates of those tasks, minimizing or maximizing a considered objective function under a given set of constraints. This chapter is organized as follows: in the first and second sections, an introduction is given on general flexible job shop scheduling problems (GFJSSP) with transport resources, followed by a discussion on the state of the art on job shop scheduling with transportation resources. In the third section, a hybrid metaheuristic method that is suited to several types of problem is presented. The chapter ends with a concluding section.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	France	5	Engineering (all)	Flexible job shop scheduling problems,GFJSSP,Hybrid metaheuristic algorithm,Transportation resources
Impulsive tracking control for non-measurable state with time-delay	2013	Journal of Networks	In this paper, we discuss the problem by utilizing impulsive control and Lyapunov function methods, which is about the state of disturbed systems with time-delay tracking the state of reference systems. Sufficient conditions for the solvability of the tracking control problem are given for the measurable state and the non-measurable state of system respectively. This impulsive control law based on measured output instead of the state information is considered. Finally, a numerical example is presented to illustrate the validity of our results.  2013 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Networks and Communications	Impulsive control,Non-measurable state,State tracking
Effective position tracking using b-spline surface equation based on wireless sensor networks and passive UHF-RFID	2013	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	Wireless position tracking systems can be used in applications, such as mobiles, robot tracking systems, and Internet location-based service (LBS) applications. The GPS system is the best-known position tracking system for use in outdoor locations through satellite tracking systems. Cost-effective radio frequency identification (RFID) tracking methods for indoor systems have also been developed. However, most of these systems use active RFID tags that use expendable batteries. We develop a low-cost indoor position tracking system that uses passive RFID. The proposed indoor tracking system, using a precise tracking algorithm, is applied to various locations. The system is tested by validating the signal-to-noise level caused by errors. B-spline surfaces generated by an approximation formula are used as baseline data. This proposed system can also be applied to mobile robot systems, automated guided vehicles (AGVs), and phone LBSs.  1963-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	15	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Approximation method,automatic test equipment,manufacturing automation,measurement error,radio position measurement
Intelligent based automated store and retrieval system with radio frequency for industrial applications	2013	International Journal of Engineering and Technology	This project proposes a means of intelligence for an RF based automated storage and retrieval system (ASRS). Main objective of this project is to provide intelligence in the existing Warehouse Management System (WMS), which is a non-intelligent machine and mainly used for storing and retrieving of raw products in manufacturing unit. This project aims by implementing intelligence in ASRS control along with RF module. ASRS having Programmable Logic Controller, which controls and coordinates the movement and performance of ASRS. Intelligence with ASRS is provided for storing or retrieving appropriate amount of load according to the input from users. Hence the construction and cost of the system is huge, the implementation is simulated using SCADA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Intelligence,PLC,RF module,Warehouse management system
Une Approche Dynamique pour l'Optimisation des Trajectoires de n Véhicules à Guidage Automatique	2013	Afrika Matematika	We propose an analytic method based on dynamic programming for determining optimal trajectories in a rather delicate problem of transport: by Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). These are driverless electric vehicles used in many fields including industry. Langevin et al. (Int J Flex Manuf Syst 8(3):247-262, 1996) showed how to determine the optimal solution in the case of two vehicles. Our method generalizes them with some modifications to not generate an exorbitant number of states. For a given state and a mission we offer a single successor instead of n and we prove that the states, in considerable number, that we exclude are not in the optimal trajectory.  2011 African Mathematical Union and Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Senegal	0	Mathematics (all)	AGV,Analytic solution,Automated guided vehicles,Conflict free routing,Dispatching,Dynamic programming,Scheduling
An integrated programming model for storage management and vehicle scheduling at container terminals	2013	Research in Transportation Economics	In this paper, we study the optimization of yard operations, which are critical for the terminal efficiency. A linear mixed integer programming (MIP) model is proposed for scheduling different types of equipment and planning the storage strategy in an integrated way. We also investigate a nonlinear mixed integer programming (NLMIP) model to reduce the number of constraints and the computational time. A set of numerical results are carried out for the comparison between the linear model and the nonlinear model. Finally, we propose a genetic algorithm for the MIP model to illustrate how large scale problems can be solved and to show the effect of different factors on the performances of the optimization model.  2012 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	28	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	Container port terminal,Genetic algorithm,Integrated scheduling,Mixed integer programming
Modeling yard crane operators as reinforcement learning agents	2013	Research in Transportation Economics	Due to the importance of drayage operations, operators at marine container terminals are increasingly looking to reduce the time a truck spends at the terminal to complete a transaction. This study introduces an agent-based approach to model yard cranes for the analysis of truck turn time. The objective of the model is to solve the yard crane scheduling problem (i.e. determining the sequence of drayage trucks to serve to minimize their waiting time). It is accomplished by modeling the yard crane operators as agents that employ reinforcement learning; specifically, q-learning. The proposed agent-based, q-learning model is developed using Netlogo. Experimental results show that the q-learning model is very effective in assisting the yard crane operator to select the next best move. Thus, the proposed q-learning model could potentially be integrated into existing yard management systems to automate the truck selection process and thereby improve yard operations.  2012 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	Drayage operations,Multi-agent systems,Q-learning,Reinforcement learning,Yard crane scheduling
An adaptive routing approach for personal rapid transit	2013	Mathematical Methods of Operations Research	Personal Rapid Transit (PRT) is a public transportation mode, in which small automated vehicles transport passengers on demand. Central control of the vehicles leads to interesting possibilities for optimized routings. The complexity of the involved routing problems together with the fact that routing algorithms for PRT essentially have to run in real-time often leads to the choice of fast greedy approaches. The most common routing approach is arguably a sequential one, where upcoming requests are greedily served in a quickest way without interfering with previously routed vehicles. The simplicity of this approach stems from the fact that a chosen route is never changed later. This is as well the main drawback of it, potentially leading to large detours. It is natural to ask how much one could gain by using a more adaptive routing strategy. This question is the main motivation of this article. In this paper, we first suggest a simple mathematical model for PRT, and then introduce a new adaptive routing algorithm that repeatedly uses solutions to an LP as a guide to route vehicles. Our routing approach incorporates new requests in the LP as soon as they appear, and reoptimizes the routing of all currently used vehicles, contrary to sequential routing. We provide preliminary computational results that give first evidence of the potential gains of an adaptive routing strategy, as used in our algorithm.  2012 Springer-Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	6	Software,Mathematics (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Adaptive routing,Decision support models,Online algorithms,Personal rapid transit
Design and evaluation of mega container terminal configurations: An integrated simulation framework	2013	Simulation	Operators of busy container terminals need to periodically evaluate options for capacity expansion in order to meet the increasing demands for container handling at their terminals. When planning such capital intensive investments, it is important to find an efficient and effective way to design and evaluate various possible terminal layout and equipment configurations. The issue is further complicated for mega-sized container terminals which consist of multiple berths and yards due to pre-existing geological conditions. This paper proposes an integrated simulation framework to facilitate the design and evaluation of mega container terminal configurations with integrated multiple berths and yards. There are two major components in this framework: a geographical information system (GIS) and a multi-agent system (MAS). The former is used to design specific terminal configurations which can be then simulated and evaluated by the latter. An application of the framework to a real container terminal expansion problem demonstrates the validity of the framework. Results obtained from simulation models generated efficiently by the framework are used to help terminal planners make reasonable decisions.  2013 The Society for Modeling and Simulation International.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	20	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	GIS,Mega-sized container terminal,multi-agent system,simulation framework
QoS challenges in wireless sensor networked robotics	2013	Wireless Personal Communications	Wireless sensor networks and mobile robotics are two hot research topics. Integrating them leads to a wide range of new applications in many different environments such as terrestrial, underwater, underground and aerial. Where sensor networks are mainly used for large-scale monitoring and control, mobile robotics are used for performing fine-scale actions and automation. Network heterogeneity together with stringent Quality of Service (QoS) demands from applications such as voice and video make QoS support very challenging. Therefore, this paper investigates the QoS challenges in wireless sensor networked robotics and presents a novel QoS framework as solution to cope with these challenges.  2013 Springer Science Business Media New York.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	15	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Quality of Service,Robotics,Wireless sensor networks
Heterogeneous locational optimisation using a generalised Voronoi partition	2013	International Journal of Control	In this paper a generalisation of the Voronoi partition is used for locational optimisation of facilities having different service capabilities and limited range or reach. The facilities can be stationary, such as base stations in a cellular network, hospitals, schools, etc., or mobile units, such as multiple unmanned aerial vehicles, automated guided vehicles, etc., carrying sensors, or mobile units carrying relief personnel and materials. An objective function for optimal deployment of the facilities is formulated, and its critical points are determined. The locally optimal deployment is shown to be a generalised centroidal Voronoi configuration in which the facilities are located at the centroids of the corresponding generalised Voronoi cells. The problem is formulated for more general mobile facilities, and formal results on the stability, convergence and spatial distribution of the proposed control laws responsible for the motion of the agents carrying facilities, under some constraints on the agents speed and limit on the sensor range, are provided. The theoretical results are supported with illustrative simulation results.  2013 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	21	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	coverage,facility location,locational optimisation,multi-agent systems,Voronoi partition
A resource-oriented Petri net approach to scheduling and control of time-constrained cluster tools in semiconductor fabrication	2013	Formal Methods in Manufacturing Systems: Recent Advances	2013, IGI Global.Because of residency time constraints and activity time variation for cluster tools, it is very challenging to schedule them. This chapter addresses their real-time scheduling issues and conducts their schedulability analysis in considering residency time constraints and bounded activity time variation. A Petri Net (PN) model, called Resource-Oriented PN (ROPN) is developed to model them. Such formal models describe not only the behavior of both initial transient and steady state processes of cluster tools but also determine the robot activity sequence with robot waits included. They are very compact, independent of wafer flow pattern, and useful for discrete-event control. It is due to the proposed models that scheduling cluster tools are converted into determining robot wait times. A two-level operational architecture is proposed to include an off-line periodic schedule and real-time controller. The former determines when a wafer should be placed into a process module for processing, while the latter regulates robot wait times online in order to reduce the effect of activity time variation on wafer sojourn times in process modules. Therefore, the system can adapt to random activity time variation. Based on the PN model, real-time operational architecture, and real-time control policy, it analyzes the effect of activity time variation on wafer sojourn time delay at a process module and presents its upper bounds. The upper bounds are given in an analytical form and can be easily evaluated. Then, it derives schedulability conditions that are in closed form expressions. If schedulable, an algorithm is developed to obtain an off-line periodic schedule. This schedule together with the real-time control policy forms a real-time schedule. It is optimal in terms of cycle time and can be analytically computed, which represents significant advance in this area. Several examples are used to show the applications of the proposed approach.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	China	0	Engineering (all)	None
Real-time scheduling and control of single-arm cluster tools with residency time constraint and activity time variation by using resource-oriented Petri nets	2013	Formal Methods in Manufacturing Systems: Recent Advances	2013, IGI Global.In semiconductor manufacturing, when a wafer is processed, it requires unloading from its process module in a given time interval, otherwise it is scraped. This requirement is called wafer residency time constraints. Thus, it is crucial to schedule a cluster tool such that the wafer sojourn time in a process module is within a given time window to satisfy the wafer residency time constraints. Besides wafer residency time constraints, in a cluster tool, the activity time is subject to variation. The activity time variation can make a feasible schedule obtained under the assumption of deterministic activity times become infeasible. To solve this problem, it is important to reveal the wafer sojourn time fluctuations with bounded activity time variation. Such an issue is addressed in this chapter for single-arm cluster tools. A single-arm cluster tool is modeled by a resource-oriented Petri net to describe the wafer fabrication processes. Based on it, a real-time control policy is proposed such that it offsets the effect of the activity time variation as much as possible. Then, the wafer sojourn time delay in a process module is analyzed and analytical expressions are derived to calculate the upper bound. With the help of the real-time control policy and wafer sojourn time delay analysis results, schedulability conditions and scheduling algorithms for an off-line schedule are presented in this chapter. The schedulability conditions can be analytically checked. If schedulable, an off-line schedule can be analytically found. The off-line schedule together with the real-time control policy forms the real-time schedule for the system. It is optimal in terms of cycle time minimization. Examples are given to show the application of the proposed approach.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	China	0	Engineering (all)	None
Distributed maximally permissive nonblocking control of flexible manufacturing systems	2013	Formal Methods in Manufacturing Systems: Recent Advances	2013, IGI Global.In recent years, a great deal of research has been focused on preventing deadlock in Flexible Manufacturing Systems. Policies based largely on Petri net models have been presented in the literature. Recently, a quite different approach has been developed based on supervisory control theory, and it has been adapted to solve the nonblocking maximally permissive control problem in various resource allocation systems, such as an Automatic Guided Vehicle system and a Production Cell. In this chapter, the authors obtain the corresponding control policy for a Flexible Manufacturing System, and from it derive an equivalent distributed control using the recent theory of supervisor localization.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	China	0	Engineering (all)	None
Iterative deadlock control for Petri net models of automated manufacturing systems: Algorithms and case studies	2013	Formal Methods in Manufacturing Systems: Recent Advances	2013, IGI Global.Deadlocks should be eliminated in resource allocation systems such as flexible manufacturing systems. An iterative deadlock control policy is usually considered to be a natural solution with reasonable computational cost for a large-scale system where direct methods would be prohibitively expensive (and in some cases impossible) even with the best available computing power. This chapter reviews the existing iterative deadlock prevention policies for discrete event systems that are modeled with Petri nets. A number of technical problems in the existing iterative deadlock control approaches are formulated and discussed. Their solutions are illustrated through case studies. The authors conclude that the suitability, effectiveness, and efficiency of an iterative deadlock control approach are sensitive to specific examples and no general algorithm is found in the literature, which works well for all cases.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	China	0	Engineering (all)	None
Dynamic vehicle allocation control for automated material handling system in semiconductor manufacturing	2013	Computers and Operations Research	The current study examines the dynamic vehicle allocation problems of the automated material handling system (AMHS) in semiconductor manufacturing. With the uncertainty involved in wafer lot movement, dynamically allocating vehicles to each intrabay is very difficult. The cycle time and overall tool productivity of the wafer lots are affected when a vehicle takes too long to arrive. In the current study, a Markov decision model is developed to study the vehicle allocation control problem in the AMHS. The objective is to minimize the sum of the expected long-run average transport job waiting cost. An interesting exhaustive structure in the optimal vehicle allocation control is found in accordance with the Markov decision model. Based on this exhaustive structure, an efficient algorithm is then developed to solve the vehicle allocation control problem numerically. The performance of the proposed method is verified by a simulation study. Compared with other methods, the proposed method can significantly reduce the waiting cost of wafer lots for AMHS vehicle transportation.  2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	13	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	AMHS,Markov decision process,Simulation,Vehicle allocation control
An agent-based model of autonomous automated-guided vehicles for internal transportation in automated laboratories	2013	ICAART 2013 - Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Agents and Artificial Intelligence	Agent-based modelling enables simulating complex systems and controlling them, as well. In the industrial domain there are plenty of these systems not only because of the size but also because of the need for fault-tolerance and adaptability. Typically, these cases are solved by dividing systems into different dimensions, including the transportation one. In this paper, we take this approach to build a framework to develop and control transportation in applications within the industrial domain, which will be tested on an automated laboratory. The framework is based on a multi-agent simulator that contains the model of the plant with transportation agents having a multi-layered architecture. The lower-level layers correspond to those that would be embedded into physical transportation agents. Therefore, while agents communicate to each other within the simulator environment, communication between upper-level layers and lower-lever layers of each agent is done internally for the simulated parts and externally for the real counterparts. The simulator can be used stand-alone to functionally validate a system or in combination with real agents as a monitoring/controlling tool. Preliminary results prove the viability of the framework as a design tool and show the difficulties to work with physical agents.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	3	Artificial Intelligence	Agent-based modelling,Mixed-reality environments,Multi-agent systems,Physical agents
A fuzzy nonlinear programming approach for optimizing the performance of a four-objective fluctuation smoothing rule in a wafer fabrication factory	2013	Journal of Applied Mathematics	In theory, a scheduling problem can be formulated as a mathematical programming problem. In practice, dispatching rules are considered to be a more practical method of scheduling. However, the combination of mathematical programming and fuzzy dispatching rule has rarely been discussed in the literature. In this study, a fuzzy nonlinear programming (FNLP) approach is proposed for optimizing the scheduling performance of a four-factor fluctuation smoothing rule in a wafer fabrication factory. The proposed methodology considers the uncertainty in the remaining cycle time of a job and optimizes a fuzzy four-factor fluctuation-smoothing rule to sequence the jobs in front of each machine. The fuzzy four-factor fluctuation-smoothing rule has five adjustable parameters, the optimization of which results in an FNLP problem. The FNLP problem can be converted into an equivalent nonlinear programming (NLP) problem to be solved. The performance of the proposed methodology has been evaluated with a series of production simulation experiments; these experiments provide sufficient evidence to support the advantages of the proposed method over some existing scheduling methods.  2013 Horng-Ren Tsai and Toly Chen.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Applied Mathematics	None
On a new sectionalized motion control strategy for automated guided vehicles: Modeling and simulation validation	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	As key equipment in logistics system of modern manufacturing factories, the automated guided vehicle (AGV) plays an increasingly important role. Although many strategies for AGV motion control are available, in most cases, only a single control method is utilized during the entire process, which inevitably leads to the lack of flexibility in dealing with problems encountered in various stages of the AGV motion. In this paper, a new approach called sectionalized motion control (SMC) was proposed in order to achieve superb comprehensive performance (i.e.; high precision, low energy consumption, and good stability) for the entire AGV tracking process. In this method, considering AGV's various characteristics in different motion stages (early, middle, and terminal), the neural dynamics-based tracking, energy-efficient tracking, and model predictive control technologies were adopted. Furthermore, a simulation using Matlab software was performed in order to verify the proposed approach. The simulated results showed that the SMC is capable of providing smooth, energy-efficient, robust, and globally stable control for the AGV system.  2013 Springer-Verlag London.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Energy optimization,Sectionalized motion control,Stability,Trajectory tracking
Battery charge state estimate for a robotic forklift routing system	2013	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	In the context of robotic forklift, battery management is essential and may be considered a key issue in the logistic system management for intelligent warehouses, where goods must be delivered on time according to the monitoring battery State of Charge (SOC) applied to routing system is a tendency to be considered in the planning of warehouses. Based on this scenario, this paper describes a method based on the use of Extended Kalman Filter (EKF), which uses the cell combined model to estimate the battery SOC. Tests were performed to evaluate the estimated battery consumption considering Open Voltage Circuit (OCV) and SOC EKF method applied in a mini robotic forklift. It was possible to verify the battery consumption needed to execute a determined task path and assign a route for the robotic forklift considering the actual SOC.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	1	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	battery management,robotic forklift,routing
An embedded stereo vision module for industrial vehicles automation	2013	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	This paper presents an embedded vision system based on reconfigurable hardware (FPGA) to perform stereo image processing and 3D mapping of sparse features for autonomous navigation and obstacle detection in industrial settings. We propose an EKF based visual SLAM to achieve a 6D localization of the vehicle even in non flat scenarios. The system uses vision as the only source of information. As a consequence, it operates regardless of the odometry from the vehicle since visual odometry is used.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	9	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3D vision,Embedded,portable,SLAM
Integration of process planning, scheduling, and mobile robot navigation based on TRIZ and multi-agent methodology	2013	FME Transactions	This paper presents methodology for development of software application for integration of process planning, scheduling, and the mobile robot navigation in manufacturing environment. Proposed methodology is based on the Russian Theory of Inventive Problem Solving (TRIZ) and multiagent system (MAS). Contradiction matrix and inventive principles are proved as effective TRIZ tool to solve contradictions during conceptual phase of software development. The proposed MAS architecture consists of six intelligent agents: job agent, machine agent, optimization agent, path planning agent, machine learning agent and mobile robot agent. All agents work together to perform process plans optimization, schedule plans optimization, optimal path that mobile robot follows and classification of objects in a manufacturing environment. Experimental results show that developed software can be used for proposed integration in order to improve performance of intelligent manufacturing systems.  Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Belgrade.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	11	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Genetic algorithm,Integrated process planning and scheduling,Mobile robot navigation,Multi-agent system,Optimization,Process planning,Scheduling,Triz
A linear optimization approach to the heterogeneous r-cyclic hoist scheduling problem	2013	Computers and Industrial Engineering	The cyclic hoist scheduling problem is encountered in electroplating facilities, when mass production is required. This class of problems is a branch stemming from the Hoist Scheduling Problem (HSP) where automatic hoist is used for moving electroplates through chemical baths. A repetitive sequence of moves is searched for the hoist in cyclic schedule. To minimize the cycle time of r different part-jobs, we propose a linear optimization approach. An illustrative example is given in order to show some feedback of our exact solving method. Afterward, two comparisons are presented: firstly, between a two 1-cycle homogenous schedule and a 2-cycle heterogeneous part-job and secondly, between 2-cycle and 4-cycle heterogeneous part-job. These comparisons show how, by considering r-cyclic scheduling, we can optimize the cycle length considerably and then the throughput rate of the electroplating line.  2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	14	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Electroplating facilities,Hoist scheduling,Linear optimization approach,r-Cyclic schedule
Contactless charging technology of electric vehicle	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The electric vehicle has the advantages of energy-saving, environmental protection, low-carbon economy etc, and the charging system is an indispensable subsystem of electric vehicle. It's the charging long time and inconvenience of traditional charging mode that makes contactless charging system become the trend of future electric vehicle charging technology development. Firstly, this paper introduces the principle of contactless charging of electric vehicle, analysis the three kinds of charging mode, and then combined with the development of domestic and international situation, puts forward some inevitable problems in reality. Finally, discusses the contactless charging device for electric vehicle application.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Contactless charging,Electric vehicles,Electromagnetic induction
Multi-agent modeling for solving profit based unit commitment problem	2013	Applied Soft Computing Journal	Profit based unit commitment problem (PBUC) from power system domain is a high-dimensional, mixed variables and complex problem due to its combinatorial nature. Many optimization techniques for solving PBUC exist in the literature. However, they are either parameter sensitive or computationally expensive. The quality of PBUC solution is important for a power generating company (GENCO) because this solution would be the basis for a good bidding strategy in the competitive deregulated power market. In this paper, the thermal generators of a GENCO is modeled as a system of intelligent agents in order to generate the best profit solution. A modeling for multi-agents is done by decomposing PBUC problem so that the profit maximization can be distributed among the agents. Six communication and negotiation stages are developed for agents that can explore the possibilities of profit maximization while respecting PBUC problem constraints. The proposed multi-agent modeling is tested for different systems having 10-100 thermal generators considering a day ahead scheduling. The results demonstrate the superiority of proposed multi-agent modeling for PBUC over the benchmark optimization techniques for generating the best profit solutions in substantially smaller computation time.  2013 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	22	Software	Agent rules,Deregulation,Multi-agent modeling,Profit based unit commitment
Job-shop based framework for simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles	2013	International Journal of Production Economics	This paper deals with the problem of simultaneous scheduling of machines and identical automated guided vehicles (AGVs) which are well known difficult to solve problems. The studied problem can be modelled as a job shop where the jobs have to be transported between machines by AGVs. This article introduces a framework based on a disjunctive graph to modelize the joint scheduling problem and on a memetic algorithm for machines and AGVs scheduling. The objective is to minimize the makespan. Computational results are presented for a benchmark literature instances. New upper bounds are found, showing the effectiveness of the presented approach.  2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	65	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,FMS,Job-shop,Memetic algorithm,Scheduling
Autonomous forklift automatic guided vehicle	2013	Hitachi Review	One of advantages using our autonomous AGV is that it is equipped with a localization algorithm that is able to recognize its own position on an electronic map and trace the preset routes without following any traveling guide on the floot Hitachi received an order for autonomous fo rkl iftAG Vs from Hanwha Tech M Co., Ltd. of South Korea in September 2011, and completed deliveiy in June 2012. The system consists of three main parts: 22 AGVs, a vehicle control system, and approximately 300 stations that are spread across afloor space of 15,000 m2 at the facility. The main purpose of using AG Vs is to convey special-purpose trolleys between automated warehouses and manufacturing equipment at the facility, where the total number of transport movements per day is approximately 3,500.  Hitachi, Ltd. 1994, 2013.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	Japan	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Hardware and Architecture,Process Chemistry and Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Study on contactless wireless charging technology applied to AGV	2013	Diangong Jishu Xuebao/Transactions of China Electrotechnical Society	A non-contact wireless charging method is proposed in this paper in response to the charging problems of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) applied in the automated factories. Some problems such as an unsecure charging, an interface aging and a low automation level brought by the traditional centralized artificial charging manner can be solved by this method. Firstly, a simulation model of the resonant system with a structure of the primary-secondary side based on the principle of wireless energy transfer technology is established. Secondly, a hardware platform is designed to meet the AGV system based on a theoretical calculation. As a result, an adjusted distance range from 20~35 mm between transmitter and receiver, a constant charging current for six lead-acid batteries (each has a capacity of 120 Ah) and a high efficiency up to 80% is achieved. Moreover, a detailed analysis of the output power and efficiency is made with different coil distances and different kinds of load. Then a load characteristic curve, optimal transfer power and transfer efficiency curves are shown which can meet the system requirements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Contactless,Resonance,Wireless charging
An Algorithm Based on Neuro-Fuzzy Controller Implemented in A Smart Clothing System For Obstacle Avoidance	2013	International Journal of Computational Intelligence Systems	In this study, to overcome navigation concerns of visually impaired people, an algorithm based on neuro-fuzzy controller composed of multi-layer fuzzy inference systems (FIS) for obstacle avoidance was developed and it was implemented in a smart clothing system. The success of the proposed algorithm was tested in real environment and it was compared with one layer FIS. Results showed that the proposed algorithm is capable of guiding user to a right orientation and it presented better results than the one layer FIS.  2013 Copyright the authors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	3	Computer Science (all),Computational Mathematics	Fuzzy Inference System,Navigation,Neuro-fuzzy controller,Obstacle avoidance,Smart clothing,Visually impaired
Suitability of ad hoc routing in WNR: Performance evaluation and case studies	2013	Ad Hoc Networks	A major issue in the application of ad hoc networking to Wireless Networked Robotics is the choice of the routing protocol that performs better in a given scenario. However, far too little attention has been paid to routing issues involving enhanced robotic nodes. In view of the lack of a significant and comprehensive analysis, this research work completes an in-depth performance comparison of mostly well-known ad hoc routing protocols under a wide variety of conditions and applies the obtained results to a case study with three examples of real-world Wireless Networked Robotics scenarios.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	1	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Ad hoc networking,ANOVA,AODV,DSDV,Robotics,Routing
Stability of impulsive cellular neural networks with time-varying delays	2013	Journal of Networks	The problems of exponential stability and exponential convergence rate for a class of impulsive cellular neural networks with time-varying delays are studied. By means of the Lyapunov stability theory and discrete-time Halanay-type inequality technique, stability criteria for ensuring global exponential stability of no-impulsive discrete-time cellular neural networks and impulsive discrete-time cellular neural network with time-varying delays are derived respectively, and the estimated exponential convergence rate is provided as well. Finally, the validity of the obtained results is shown by two numerical examples.  2013 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Networks and Communications	Cellular neural networks,Discrete-time halanay inequality,Exponential stability
Impact of the number of beacons in PSO-based auto-localization in UWB networks	2013	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	In this paper, we focus on auto-localization of nodes in a static wireless network, under the assumption of known position of a few initial nodes, denoted as "beacons". Assuming that Ultra Wide Band (UWB) signals are used for inter-node communications, we analyze the impact of the number of beacons on the location accuracy. Three different approaches to localization are considered, namely: the Two-Stage Maximum-Likelihood (TSML) method; the Plane Intersection (PI) method, and Particle Swarming Optimization (PSO). Simulation results show that PSO allows to obtain accurate postion estimates with a small number of beacons, making it an attractive choice to implement effective localization algorithm.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	18	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Auto-localization,Least Square (LS) Method,Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO),Two-Stage Maximum-Likelihood (TSML) Algorithms,Ultra Wide Band (UWB) Signaling
Investigation of the contamination control in a cleaning room with a moving AGV by 3D large-scale simulation	2013	Journal of Applied Mathematics	The motions of the airflow induced by the movement of an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in a cleanroom are numerically studied by large-scale simulation. For this purpose, numerical experiments scheme based on domain decomposition method is designed. Compared with the related past research, the high Reynolds number is treated by large-scale computation in this work. A domain decomposition Lagrange-Galerkin method is employed to approximate the Navier-Stokes equations and the convection diffusion equation; the stiffness matrix is symmetric and an incomplete balancing preconditioned conjugate gradient (PCG) method is employed to solve the linear algebra system iteratively. The end wall effects are readily viewed, and the necessity of the extension to 3 dimensions is confirmed. The effect of the high efficiency particular air (HEPA) filter on contamination control is studied and the proper setting of the speed of the clean air flow is also investigated. More details of the recirculation zones are revealed by the 3D large-scale simulation.  2013 Qing-He Yao and Qing-Yong Zhu.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Applied Mathematics	None
An integrated scheduling problem of container handling equipment in the loading operation at automated container terminals	2013	IASTED Multiconferences - Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Applications, AIA 2013	In automated container terminals, containers are transported between ships and storage yard by differen types of vehicles, for example, guided vehicle (AGV, yard crane (YC) and quay crane (QC). To improve the productivity of the automated container terminals, it is important to harmoniously synchronize operations of different types of container handling equipment. This paper examines the scheduling problem of all handling equipment in an integrated way by utilizing information about yard storage locations for the loading operation in an automated container terminal. A mixed integer programming (MIP) model is developed. As the optimization software can only be used to solve small size problems, we develop a genetic algorithm (GA) to obtain approximate optimal solutions for large size problems. Computational results demonstrate the benefits of integrated model and the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminal,Container handling,Genetic algorithm,Integrated scheduling
On-line scheduling method for simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles in flexible job shop	2013	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	An on-line scheduling algorithm was proposed for simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles in flexible job shop. The problem was decomposed into two sub-problems: machine selection problem and vehicle dispatching problem. The machine selection problem was solved by enumerative method for small size and niche genetic algorithm otherwise. Local search was executed to improve the convergence speed of genetic algorithm. To keep a high degree of population diversity, Hamming distance based niche competition operation was adopted. For vehicle dispatching problem, a heuristic dispatching algorithm was proposed. To ensure the job shop to be deadlock-free, a remaining capacity based deadlock avoidance rule was employed. The simulation results showed that the proposed algorithm was feasible.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Flexible job shop,Genetic algorithm,Scheduling
A network flow based heuristic approach for optimising AGV movements	2013	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are driverless carriers that automatically navigate along planned paths by means of several guidance and control methods. This paper proposes an approach for solving the dispatching problem in an AGV system. The problem is modelled through a network by relying on the formulation of a Minimum Cost Flow Problem. In the defined graph, the nodes represent transportation tasks and AGVs while the arcs consider, through the associated weights, several system's aspects such as pick, drop, and travel times, battery recharging, capacity constraints, congestion and error issues. Two objectives can be achieved: (i) minimisation of the average time for carrying out transportation tasks or (ii) maximisation of the utilisation degree of AGVs. The modelling and solution approach adopted has provided a novel Vehicle-Initiated dispatching rule and parameters settings for the dynamic assignments of transportation missions to AGVs. The decision making process concurrently and dynamically considers several factors. The results show a relevant reduction in the average time for transportation order fulfilment and a decrease in its variability. The proposed approach has been exploited for optimising the AGVs performance in a pharmaceutical production system.  2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	25	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicle,Control,Logistics,Optimisation,Vehicle dispatching
New hybrid vision-based control approach for automated guided vehicles	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are a common choice made by many companies for material handling (MH) in manufacturing systems. AGV-based internal transport of raw materials, goods, and parts is becoming improved with advances in technology. Demands for fast, efficient, and reliable transport imply the usage of the flexible AGVs with onboard sensing and special kinds of algorithms needed for daily operations. So far, the majority of these transport solutions have not considered the modern techniques for visual servoing, monocular SLAM, and consequently, the usage of camera as onboard sensor for AGVs. In this research, a new hybrid control of AGV is proposed. The main control algorithm consists of two independent control loops: position-based control (PBC) for global navigation and image based visual seroving (IBVS) for fine motions needed for accurate steering towards loading/unloading point. By separating the initial transportation task into two parts (global navigation towards the goal pose near the loading/unloading point and fine motion from the goal pose to the loading/unloading point), the proposed hybrid control bypasses the need for artificial landmarks or accurate map of the environment. The state estimation of the robot pose is determined in terms of monocular SLAM, via extended Kalman filter coupled with feedforward neural network - the neural extended Kalman filter (NEKF). NEKF is used to model unknown disturbances and to improve the robot state transition model. The integration of the new hybrid control and NEKF has been tested in laboratory with the mobile robot and simple camera. Experimental results present the effectiveness of the proposed hybrid control approach.  2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	24	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Epipolar geometry,Extended Kalman filter,Image-based visual servoing,Monocular SLAM,Neural network
Management model and key technologies in aircraft manufacturing process	2013	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To realize the flexible management in aircraft manufacturing process, enhance the manufacturing process' scalability and adaptability in complex environment, a new management model based on process-driven was put forward. The process-driven model with process technology as its center and working purpose as its driving force was established. Encapsulation models were constructed according to different characteristics of every process technology and process-driven response mechanism was also presented. Aiming at the manufacturing resource conflicts, parallel priority access algorithm by using entropy method and queuing theory was designed. Two resolution strategies were introduced in this algorithm, which were total time-short priority strategy and authority-first strategy. To deal with uncertainty of process activity, a quick sort algorithm was designed. Combined with the application example of an aerospace manufacturing project, the effectiveness and feasibility of the proposed management model, the proposed quick sort algorithm and conflict resolution algorithm was examined.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Aircraft manufacturing process,Conflict resolution,Manufacturing process management,Process-driven technology
Thermal analysis and test methods for local environment temperature control in-vehicle apparatus	2013	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	Aiming at the problem of individual design, evaluation and commissioning in local environment temperature control in-vehicle system, and considering the physical structure and temperature sensor distribution of a sealed air cooling constant temperature control in-vehicle apparatus, the heat transfer property of the apparatus was analyzed, and the system thermal resistance network model was established. The changing laws of the system temperature nodes were derived under steady-state and unsteady-state heat conductions. The local temperature control in-vehicle apparatus was tested when different heating powers and heating styles were selected, the test data was fitted according to the derived laws, and the heat transfer coefficients and heat capacity parameters among the system temperature nodes were obtained. The relative errors of the measured parameters are about 0.6% to 6%, which indicates that the established mathematical model and test method can be used to guide the design and fast commissioning of the in-vehicle instrument temperature control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Instrumentation	In-vehicle instrument,Local environment temperature control system,Sealed air cooling,Thermal analysis,Thermal test
Robust manufacturing system design using multi objective genetic algorithms, Petri nets and Bayesian uncertainty representation	2013	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	Decisions involving robust manufacturing system configuration design are often costly and involve long term allocation of resources. These decisions typically remain fixed for future planning horizons and failure to design a robust manufacturing system configuration can lead to high production and inventory costs, and lost sales costs. The designers need to find optimal design configurations by evaluating multiple decision variables (such as makespan and WIP) and considering different forms of manufacturing uncertainties (such as uncertainties in processing times and product demand). This paper presents a novel approach using multi objective genetic algorithms (GA), Petri nets and Bayesian model averaging (BMA) for robust design of manufacturing systems. The proposed approach is demonstrated on a manufacturing system configuration design problem to find optimal number of machines in different manufacturing cells for a manufacturing system producing multiple products. The objective function aims at minimizing makespan, mean WIP and number of machines, while considering uncertainties in processing times, equipment failure and repairs, and product demand. The integrated multi objective GA and Petri net based modeling framework coupled with Bayesian methods of uncertainty representation provides a single tool to design, analyze and simulate candidate models while considering distribution model and parameter uncertainties.  2013 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	24	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Bayesian model averaging,Multi objective genetic algorithms,Petri nets,Robust design
Neural network Reinforcement Learning for visual control of robot manipulators	2013	Expert Systems with Applications	It is known that most of the key problems in visual servo control of robots are related to the performance analysis of the system considering measurement and modeling errors. In this paper, the development and performance evaluation of a novel intelligent visual servo controller for a robot manipulator using neural network Reinforcement Learning is presented. By implementing machine learning techniques into the vision based control scheme, the robot is enabled to improve its performance online and to adapt to the changing conditions in the environment. Two different temporal difference algorithms (Q-learning and SARSA) coupled with neural networks are developed and tested through different visual control scenarios. A database of representative learning samples is employed so as to speed up the convergence of the neural network and real-time learning of robot behavior. Moreover, the visual servoing task is divided into two steps in order to ensure the visibility of the features: in the first step centering behavior of the robot is conducted using neural network Reinforcement Learning controller, while the second step involves switching control between the traditional Image Based Visual Servoing and the neural network Reinforcement Learning for enabling approaching behavior of the manipulator. The correction in robot motion is achieved with the definition of the areas of interest for the image features independently in both control steps. Various simulations are developed in order to present the robustness of the developed system regarding calibration error, modeling error, and image noise. In addition, a comparison with the traditional Image Based Visual Servoing is presented. Real world experiments on a robot manipulator with the low cost vision system demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.  2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	61	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Image Based Visual Servo control,Intelligent hybrid control,Neural network,Reinforcement Learning,Robot manipulator
Expanding the V-model for the developement of distributed automation systems Erweiterung des V-Modells® für den Entwurf von verteilten Automatisierungssystemen	2013	At-Automatisierungstechnik	The increasing automation and the resulting complexity require to build distributed control architectures. The complexity of distributed control architectures requires methods which facilitate the developement. The aim of the approach presented here is a developer support through a combination of notation, attributes, and design patterns across multiple levels of an adapted process model.  Oldenbourg Wissenschaftsverlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Attributes,Design pattern,Distributed automation systems,Engineering,Notation
Development of a vision guided mobile robot and its applications in automated production lines	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This research developed a vision navigation autonomous mobile robot and combined it with industrial automated production line. Due to traditional TFT-LCD production lines, the load/unload depends on Manual Guided Vehicle (MGV) or Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). However, it needed to construct many tracks so that the MGV or AGV can move. The track is high cost and is not easy to adjust. Hence, our research developed an autonomous mobile robot with vision navigation technology to determine the location of TFT-LCD panel and the obstruction in the moving process. Furthermore, we successfully developed an intelligent vision navigation autonomous mobile robot in this research. It not only improved the shortcoming of setting up a lot of tracks, but also avoided the obstructions automatically to enhance the safety.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Engineering (all)	AGV,Automation systems,Mobile robot,Vision-guided
Development of an omnidirectional AGV with global localizationsystem	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	In order to work in the narrow work space and achieve global localization, an omnidirectional AGV(Automatic Guided Vehicle) is developed. First, thearchitecture of the omnidirectional AGVwith mecanum wheels is designed to meet the motion requirement. The global localization system with accelerometer and vision sensor is introduced. The experiments show that the developed robot is able to work in workshop environment, and the global localizationsystem proved to be feasible.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	AGV,Global localization,Mecanumwheel,Omnidirectional
Novel constraints satisfaction models for optimization problems in container terminals	2013	Applied Mathematical Modelling	The growth of containerization and transporting goods in containers has created many problems for ports. In this paper, we systematically survey a literature over problems in container terminals. The operations that take place in container terminals are described and then the problems are classified into five scheduling decisions. For each of the decisions, an overview of the literature is presented. After that, each of the decisions is formulated as Constraint Satisfaction and Optimization Problems (CSOPs). The literature also includes simulations and performance in container terminals. To evaluate any solution methods to the decisions and to measure its efficiency, several indicators are suggested.  2012 Elsevier Inc.	Journal	j	re	Review	Iran	51	Modeling and Simulation,Applied Mathematics	Constraint Satisfaction Problem,Container terminals,Mathematical formulation,Optimization,Scheduling,Simulation
Modelling on service capability maturity and resource configuration for public warehouse product service systems	2013	International Journal of Production Research	The concept of service was quick to arise and has taken the world by storm in the past decade. It has gradually redefined the way warehouses are operated and has nurtured the emergence of a new kind of warehouse, namely the public warehouse (PW). Against this backdrop, a warehouse product service system (wPSS) based on the PW is established in this paper. Furthermore, in order to evaluate the service capability and optimise the resource configuration of a PW, a wPSS service capability maturity model (wPSS-SCMM) based on the analytical target cascading (ATC) algorithm is put forward. Firstly, the generation of wPSS service capability is clarified and the framework of wPSS-SCMM is proposed. After disassembling the wPSS service capability into a tree structure, its four main sub-capabilities, namely storage service capability, transportation service capability, cost control capability and time control capability, are modelled and quantised, respectively. Then the results of the four sub-capabilities are adopted in the ATC algorithm to search for the maximal service capability maturity and the optimal resource configuration solution. Finally, a numerical example of a PW with eight customers in an industrial park is analysed to demonstrate the feasibility and applicability of the proposed new approach. This research is expected to provide guidance for both investors who want to build a PW and managers who want to continuously improve an existing one.  2013 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	20	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	analytical target cascading,maturity,public warehouse,service capability,wPSS
The indoor automatic guided vehicle with an IR positioning and low-cost inertial navigation system	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	In this study an indoor automatic guided vehicle (AGV) which is not a line-following type is constructed. Low-cost inertial navigation system (INS) and indoor positioning system (IPS) are proposed to replace the high-cost laser navigation system. These AGVs are guided by their own INS almost all the time of running in our system. The IPS constructed by infrareds is used to calibrate the accumulative errors of the inertial system after a specific time interval. Testing results show deviation is about 5% after long time and long distance of movement. This research proves the stability of this system which allows AGVs to work in warehouses by low-cost INS and IPS.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	3	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Indoor positioning system (IPS),Inertial navigation system (INS),Infrared positioning,Optical encoder
Selection of weigh station locations in Thailand using the analytic hierarchy process	2013	Songklanakarin Journal of Science and Technology	The Department of Rural Roads, Thailand, is responsible for managing rural roads and their assets to ensure safe and pleasurable conditions for travelers. Annually, the department spends more than 10,000 million Baht for conducting road maintenances. It has been identified that one of the major causes of road damages is a result of the operations of overloaded trucks. This leads to the plan to establish the weigh stations to control and protect the conditions of rural roads across the country. In order to determine suitable locations for establishing weigh stations, this paper utilizes the analytic hierarchy process technique, with two sets of the main criteria under consideration, namely the engineering and economic factors, with their six associated attributes. The analysis results suggest the criterion weights of the engineering and economic factors, and their associated attributes, to be used for the calculation of the net weights of the rural roads. The roads with the highest net weights are considered feasible for permanent weigh stations establishment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Thailand	1	Multidisciplinary	Analytic hierarchy process,Department of rural roads,Thailand,Weigh station establishment
Robust planning of airport platform buses	2013	Computers and Operations Research	Most airports have two types of gates: gates with an air bridge to the terminal and remote stands. For flights at a remote stand, passengers are transported to and from the aircraft by platform buses. In this paper we investigate the problem of planning platform buses as it appears at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. We focus on robust planning, i.e. we want to avoid that the bus planning is affected by flight delays and in this way invokes delays in other flights and ground-handling processes. We present a column generation algorithm for planning of platform buses that maximizes robustness. We also present a discrete-event simulation model to compare our algorithm to a first-come-first-served heuristic as is used in current practice. Our computational results with real-life data indicate that our algorithm significantly reduces the number of replanning steps and special recovery measures during the day of operation.  2011 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	5	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Airport planning,Column generation,Integer programming,Robustness
A comparative study on Petri Nets in manufacturing applications	2013	Life Science Journal	The main aim of this paper is to show the Petri Nets facilities as a comprehensive approach to manufacturing applications for design, specification, simulation and verification of systems. So, a comparison study between the traditional Petri Net (PN) and Colored Petri Net (CPN) as a graphical and mathematical modeling tool was considered for systems that exhibit properties such as sequencing, concurrency merging and synchronization. We can observe that, by using CPN the description and analysis is more compact and the data manipulations can be described in much more direct way. In tern, CPN is a very useful tool for manufacturing systems of large size and high complexity. Petri net is involved to make the implementation of the job shop scheduling specially in any automation system. the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach is illustrated in case study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	2	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all)	Colored Petri net,Manufacturing modelling,Petri net
Racing car chassis optimization using the finite element method, multi-body dynamic simulation and data acquisition	2013	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part P: Journal of Sports Engineering and Technology	This paper presents an optimization methodology applicable to racing car chassis. The proposed procedure is sequentially structured, and starts with analysis of an existing vehicle, goes through an intermediate prototype and finishes with a final design. It is applied to a real case, the redesign of a steel tubular chassis for the 'Copa de España de vehículos CM', as part of a full vehicle development. The dynamic response of the existing chassis is modelled using finite element application techniques for structural design and validated with lab tests. In this way, through various modifications using basic static load cases for primary optimization, a completely new design (intermediate) is defined. Then a prototype is built, instrumented and tested in real field conditions (road and circuit). With acquired data from the dynamic behaviour of the car (suspension, steering, engine and transmission, etc.), using multi-body dynamic simulation software, an optimized load case is put forward in order to refine the first prototype. The ultimate goal is a chassis with much increased torsional and bending stiffness, with minimum weight gain, with regard to its interaction with the suspension and steering systems and to the manufacturing feasibility. It is shown that, with an adequate chassis elements configuration, stiffness can be increased by a 300% with just a 5% weight gain. The proposed methodology can be extended to other design (or re-engineering) procedures with rigid limitations in time and resources.  IMechE 2012.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	7	Engineering (all)	Finite element,Multi-body system,Optimization methodology,Racing car,Test
A motion monitor using hetero-core optical fiber sensors sewed in sportswear to trace trunk motion	2013	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	In this paper, a cameraless motion monitor has been described by introducing very thin sensor modules into sportswear, in which a single-mode hetero-core optical fiber sensor is fabricated. An elbow joint motion and a trunk motion are monitored by a sportswear on which the hetero-core optical fiber sensor modules are sewed so as to be sensitive to stretch on the wear. In order to get rid of the restriction to the human body, a two-plane model has been proposed in which only two sets of sensors simplify three kinds of motions at the trunk, which are anteflexion, lateral bending, and rotation. Additionally, the real-time monitoring system has been tested when golf swing motion is performed. As a result, it has been indicated that the motion, which consists of a composite of three motions, can be significantly analyzed by means of the two sensors. The developed system is viable to an unconstrained motion capture system intended for a teaching device in sports and rehabilitation fields.  1963-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	26	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Hetero-core fiber,motion monitor,optical fiber sensors,trunk motion,wearable
AGV-induced floor micro-vibration assessment in LCD factories by using a regressional modified Kanai-Tajimi moving force model	2013	Structural Engineering and Mechanics	This study explores the floor micro-vibrations induced by the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in liquid-crystal-display (LCD) factories. The relationships between moving loads and both the vehicle weights and speeds were constructed by a modified Kanai-Tajimi (MKT) power spectral density (PSD) function whose best-fitting parameters were obtained through a regression analysis by using experimental acceleration responses of a small-scale three-span continuous beam model obtained in the laboratory. The AGV induced floor micro-vibrations under various AGV weights and speeds were then assessed by the proposed regressional MKT model. Simulation results indicate that the maximum floor micro-vibrations of the target LCD factory fall within the VC-B and VC-C levels when AGV moves at a lower speed of 1.0 m/s, while they may exceed the acceptable VC-B level when AGV moves at a higher speed of 1.5 m/s. The simulated floor micro-vibration levels are comparable to those of typical LCD factories induced by AGVs moving normally at a speed between 1.0 m/s and 2.0 m/s. Therefore, the numerical algorithm that integrates a simplified sub-structural multi-span continuous beam model and a proposed regressional MKT moving force model can provide a satisfactory prediction of AGV-induced floor micro-vibrations in LCD factories, if proper parameters of the MKT moving force model are adopted.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	2	Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Liquid-crystal-display (LCD),Micro-vibration,Modified Kanai-Tajimi model,Moving loads,Power spectral density (PSD)
Verification of a semi-automated MRI-guided technique for non-invasive determination of the arterial input function in15O-labeled gaseous PET	2013	Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research, Section A: Accelerators, Spectrometers, Detectors and Associated Equipment	A semi-automated MR-guided technique has been evaluated for non-invasive estimation of cerebral metabolic rate of oxygen (CMRO2) using the sequential administration of 15O oxygen (O2) and 15O carbon dioxide (CO2) during a single PET scan. Two mathematical models, which assess the arterial input function (AIF) from time-activity curves (TAC) in the internal carotid artery region, were tested, namely one with a simple correction for the recovery coefficient (RC) and another with corrections for RC and spillover from surrounding tissues. RC was determined from MRA and black-blood image. RC was also determined from C 15O blood volume images as a reference. RC agreed between MR-based and C15O-PET based methods, suggesting validity of MR-based methods. Area-under-the-curve (AUC) of the early portion of estimated AIF agreed with that of measured AIF in both models. AUC of the delayed phase of estimated AIF was largely overestimated in the first model, but was sufficiently improved by the spillover correction implemented in the second model.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	14	Nuclear and High Energy Physics,Instrumentation	Input function,Partial volume effect,Spillover correction
Some aspects of design and construction of an automated guided vehicle	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The paper presents mechanical, safety and positioning aspects of design of a three-wheel, battery powered, automated guided vehicle. AGV is driven by a DC motor integrated with the wheel. The chosen kinematic structure is compact and assures a high degree of maneuverability. Principles of operation and general capabilities of safety laser scanner SICK S300 were discussed. AGV is equipped with laser localization system SICK NAV300. The paper presents some issues concerning implementation of this equipment in the AGV built at the Production Engineering Institute of Cracow University of Technology.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	2	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle design,Positioning system,Safety system
Extension of elementary siphons in a class of generalized petri nets	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This work presents an effective method on computing strict minimal siphons and elementary siphons based on the concept of initial resource weighted digraphs for a class of generalized Petri nets, namely WS3PR. In addition, the controllability conditions of dependent siphons are developed. Monitors are added for the elementary siphons only and the controllability of a dependent siphon is ensured by properly supervising its elementary siphons. Through fully investigating the structure of the net, especially weight information, the set of elementary siphons obtained by the proposed method is more compact and well suits for WS3PR. An example is illustrated to demonstrate the proposed method.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Deadlock prevention,Elementary siphon,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net
Design of the control system for laser guiding AGV	2013	Advanced Materials Research	Based on the analysis and design of the entire AGV system, this paper explores the function allocation and module partition of the AGV control system. The on-board control system for AGV is divided into five functional modules such as control, communication, position, safety and driving-steering module, and the hardware choice and designing for each module is described according to the AGV's overall performance requirements. On this basis, the software structure of AGV is designed, providing a reliable and high-performance experimental platform for AGV motion control algorithm.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	AGV,Control system,Hardware/software,System design
Integrated scheduling of crane handling and truck transportation in a maritime container terminal	2013	European Journal of Operational Research	This paper studies the interactions between crane handling and truck transportation in a maritime container terminal by addressing them simultaneously. Yard trucks are shared among different ships, which helps to reduce empty truck trips in the terminal area. The problem is formulated as a constraint programming model and a three-stage algorithm is developed. At the first stage, crane schedules are generated by a heuristic method. At the second stage, the multiple-truck routing problem is solved based on the precedence relations of the transportation tasks derived from the first stage. At the last stage a complete solution is constructed by using a disjunctive graph. The three procedures are linked by an iterative structure, which facilitates the search for a good solution. The computational results indicate that the three-stage algorithm is effective for finding high-quality solutions and can efficiently solve large problems.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	75	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Constraint programming,Container handling,Container terminal,Disjunctive graph,Scheduling
Self-configuration of waypoints for docking maneuvers of flexible automated guided vehicles	2013	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	We study the problem of automatic configuration of the initial position, the so-called waypoint, from which to initiate a robust and accurate docking maneuver using nonholonomic (car-like) robotic forklifts in the context of automated manufacturing. The proper selection of these positions is of paramount importance to operate with the industrial grade of accuracy, repeatability, and reliability required by load transfer operations in industrial settings. An unconstrained optimization method coupled with probabilistic techniques is proposed to solve this problem. The proposed method permits to increase significantly the flexibility and adaptability of the autonomous robotic forklifts.  2004-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),nonlinear robust optimization,robust path planning
A petri net-based novel scheduling approach and its cycle time analysis for dual-arm cluster tools with wafer revisiting	2013	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	For some wafer fabrication processes, such as an atomic layer deposition (ALD) process, the wafers need to visit some process modules for a number of times. Using the existing swap-based strategy scheduling method in such systems leads to a 3-wafer cyclic schedule. Unfortunately, it is not optimal in the sense of cycle time. Aiming at searching for a better schedule, this paper models the system by a timed Petri net. With this model, the properties of the 3-wafer schedule are analyzed. Then, based on the analysis, it is found that, to improve the performance, it is necessary to reduce the number of wafers completed in a cycle. Hence, a 1-wafer schedule is developed by using a new swap-based strategy. By using the Petri net model, its cycle time is analyzed and shown to be optimal. Also, an effective method is presented to implement it. Illustrative examples are given to verify the research results obtained in this paper.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	64	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,optimization,scheduling,semiconductor manufacturing
Control of automated guided vehicles based on multi-attribute dispatching rule	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The automated guided vehicles (AGVs) dispatching problem has been addressed to a large extent in literature.most of vehicle dispatching rules used in literature are single-attribute dispatching rules and sensitive to the facility layout.In this research, a new multi-attribute dispatching rule is proposed for AGVs and compare its performance with that of two of the best dispatching rules in literature.Using simulation, we prove that the new multi-attribute dispatching rule perform well and is robust under different working conditions.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Multi-attribute dispatching rule,Online dispatching
A precision control of an automatic guided vehicle using double landmark recognition in a crematorium	2013	Applied Mechanics and Materials	We deal with the problem of moving control of an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in a specific environment, that is, a crematorium which has a narrow indoor environment. In such an environment, an AGV itself can transport a dead body to a designated furnace safely. A well-known method of burying guided lines under the floor is not proper to such an environment because its floors are made of expensive materials, i.e., marbles, and thus it has no flexibility. In this paper a new method of precision control of the AGV using infrared ray sensors is presented. With this approach, the AGV itself emits infrared rays to the landmarks adheres to the ceiling to obtain a moving direction and then moves to that direction by correctly recognizing them. One of the typical problems in a crematorium is that dead zone and overlapping zone may exist due to radiation and reflection of lights. To resolve this, an algorithm of recognizing double landmarks is applied to reduce its sensing errors. In addition, when the AGV changes its direction to enter the furnace, a precision control of the wheel moving trajectories of the AGV under acceleration and velocity constraints should be needed. Our proposed method formulates and simulates the desired trajectory of the AGV and then modifies it to compensate delay dynamics and vibration. The effectiveness of the proposed method was demonstrated in a real crematorium.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Engineering (all)	AGV,Crematorium,Infrared ray,Landmarks,Position-tracking,RTLS
A unidirectional guided-path network design method under flexible job shop environment	2013	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Journal of Mechanical Engineering	With the objective of minimizing makespan, an improved niche genetic algorithm (INGA) is proposed to solve the unidirectional guided-path network design problem of automated guided vehicle system under flexible job shop environment. In the genetic algorithm, each chromosome consists of unidirectional guided-path network chromosome and operation chromosome, denoting unidirectional segment direction and feasibility scheduling respectively. Corresponding crossover and mutation operators are designed for two types of chromosome. Neighborhood search is adopted to improve the convergence speed of the algorithm. To keep a high degree of population diversity, niche technology and spirit strategy are applied. The experimental results show that the proposed NGA is effective.  2013 Journal of Mechanical Engineering.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Automated guided vehicle system,Flexible job shop,Genetic algorithm,Unidirectional guided-path network
Automated guided vehicle cross path recognition based on rough set and hierarchical support vector machine	2013	Nanjing Hangkong Hangtian Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics	Real-time ability and robustness are the key problems of bi-directional vision-based automated guided vehicle cross path recognition. According to complementary of rough set theory and multi-class support vector machine(SVM), a new cross path hierarchical recognition method is presented based on real-time ability of knowledge and similarity of class. Granularities of knowledge and hierarchical reduction rules of rough set theory are used to obtain the minimum decision rule, which effectively reduce the complexity of the classification. To improve robustness of recognition, learning method of safe area for classification is presented. Finally, simulation and experiments at various environments verify the validity and reliability of the method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Aerospace Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system,Rough set,Support vector machine
Application of robot for automatic case loading system in cigarette case filling and sealing machine	2013	Tobacco Science and Technology	For eliminating the shortcomings associated with manual operation such as low efficiency and high error rate and creating a smooth connection with material logistics system in terms of automation and informatization, the case loading in cigarette case filling and sealing system was upgraded with industrial robot and image recognition technologies. The system adopted 6-anticulate light-duty industrial robot in order to grasp the case more flexibly and used large area cellular vacuum chuck with multi-stage vacuum generator as clamps to improve system reliability. An image recognition system collected the information and data about the cases via an industrial intelligent camera and carried out image data processing. The practical application showed that the robot system realized automatic tape unloosing, recognizing, feeding and grabbing, and the seamless connection between feeding station and AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle) system. Comparing with traditional case handling, the proportion of compound cycle of AGVs increased by 40%, it allowed to reduce the number of AGVs accordingly. Comparing with traditional manual case loading, the accuracy rate of robot case loading was up to 99%. The labor intensity of operators was reduced, and working efficiency was improved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (miscellaneous)	Automatic guided vehicle system,Case filling and sealing machine,Case loading system,Image recognition,Robot
A scheduling approach for the design of flexible manufacturing systems	2013	Heuristics: Theory and Applications	The aim of this chapter is to show that it could be of great interest to consider theoperational level (scheduling problems) for solving higher-level decision problems(design problems). To illustrate this point, a case study is considered in the context offlexible manufacturing systems (FMS). The goal is to rethink the design of an FMS byevaluating its performance according to a lower-level measure, and more precisely hereby solving an off-line scheduling problem.The experimental results we have obtained show that, in many cases, a simplereorganization of the production cells can improve the overall productivity of the FMS.The design problem we have considered in this chapter is called the machine assignmentproblem. At the operational level, we consider the simultaneous scheduling of materialhandling system and production tools. The function to be minimized is the time requiredfor the production of a given set of jobs (makespan).We propose a hybridized solution approach that combines different optimizationstrategies: Integer Linear Programming (ILP), Ant colony System (ACS), Iterated LocalSearch (ILS) and Discrete Event Simulation (DES). ILP is used for elaborating an initialmachine assignment (an optimal one for the high-level model). Ants generate newsolutions. These solutions are evaluated by solving the resulting scheduling problem, forwhich an efficient hybrid approach (combining ILS and DES) has been developed inprevious work. The results obtained show clearly the effectiveness of the proposedapproach.  2013 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	France	2	Mathematics (all)	Flexible manufacturing systems,Hybrid methods,Machine assignment problem,Metaheuristics,Scheduling problem
Mobile robot navigation algorithm of biomimetic conditioned reflex based on biological antennas	2013	Tien Tzu Hsueh Pao/Acta Electronica Sinica	This paper proposes a navigation algorithm of biomimetic conditioned reflex for mobile robots based on neuroethology principles. For environment perception, a biological antenna model is proposed to delineate the interested sensing areas, and thus decrease the computational burden. For motion planning and control, according to a practical Bug algorithm proposed in this paper, the obtained environment stimulation is responded to generate the corresponding walking behavior. Experiments have been carried out in different conditions of obstacle distribution for algorithm verification. The results present its practicability, fewer turning number, smaller route length and smooth motion path. It can be expected that this algorithm will be of potential application in automated mobile robot(AMR) and automated guided vehicle(AGV).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous navigation,Biological antenna,Biomimetic,Bug algorithm,Conditioned reflex,Mobile robot
Route-enabling graph orientation problems	2013	Algorithmica	Given an undirected and edge-weighted graph G together with a set of ordered vertex-pairs, called st-pairs, we consider two problems of finding an orientation of all edges in G: MIN-SUM ORIENTATION is to minimize the sum of the shortest directed distances between all st-pairs; and MIN-MAX ORIENTATION is to minimize the maximum shortest directed distance among all st-pairs. Note that these shortest directed paths for st-pairs are not necessarily edge-disjoint. In this paper, we first show that both problems are strongly NP-hard for planar graphs even if all edge-weights are identical, and that both problems can be solved in polynomial time for cycles.We then consider the problems restricted to cacti, which form a graph class that contains trees and cycles but is a subclass of planar graphs. Then, MIN-SUM ORIENTATION is solvable in polynomial time, whereas MIN-MAX ORIENTATION remains NP-hard even for two st-pairs. However, based on LP-relaxation, we present a polynomialtime 2-approximation algorithm for MIN-MAX ORIENTATION. Finally, we give a fully polynomial-time approximation scheme (FPTAS) for MIN-MAX ORIENTATION on cacti if the number of st-pairs is a fixed constant.  Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Computer Science (all),Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Approximation algorithm,Cactus,Dynamic programming,Fully polynomial-time approximation scheme,Graph orientation,Planar graph,Reachability
Collaborative earth-observing task assignment of multi-airships in emergency	2013	Xi Tong Gong Cheng Yu Dian Zi Ji Shu/Systems Engineering and Electronics	The collaborative task assignment of multi-airships in emergency is an important and promising problem which is crucial to improve the observing efficiency of airships. In order to solve the issue, an improved contract net mechanism based on the Agent bidirectional auction is proposed. Then the bidirectional auction method and heuristic rule are explained clearly. A multiple objective constraint satisfaction and optimization model is constructed to meet the real-time requirements of emergent observing tasks. Meanwhile, a fast assignment algorithm named dynamical flexible collaborative algorithm (DFCA) is proposed, which aims at the abundantly dynamical tasks. The result of extensive simulation experiments indicates that DFCA can produce a high-quality task assignment decision in short time and provide high schedulability as well as priority benefit.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agent,Airship,Collaborative task assignment,Emergent earth-observing,Improved contract net
Distance estimation using a panoramic sensor based on a novel spherical optical flow algorithm	2013	Optics and Laser Technology	To implement an unmanned autonomous obstacle avoidance system, this paper presents a novel distance estimation method based on an improved spherical optical flow algorithm using a panoramic sensor. The method uses a panoramic sensor to extend the field of view. This paper investigates a panoramic sensor imaging model and the optical flow field and then derives the improved spherical optical flow algorithm. Based on the spatial structure characteristics of the panoramic image, the proposed spherical optical flow smoothness constraint is introduced into the spherical optical flow field. Combing the smoothness constraint with the spherical optical flow equation, the spherical optical flow value is solved for. The motion model of a panoramic sensor, which is the distribution of spherical optical flow field with the condition that the panoramic sensor has self-translational motion, is developed. According to the spherical optical flow value, the motion model and the velocity of the panoramic sensor, a distance estimation mechanism and a computational method are proposed for an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV). Simulations show that the method can extract the distance information effectively and offers good accuracy.  2012 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous obstacle avoidance,Distance estimation,Panoramic sensor
Multi-item newsvendor problem with an equality resource constraint	2013	Asia-Pacific Journal of Operational Research	This research addresses a multi-item newsvendor problem with an equality resource constraint. We focus on retail industries with insufficient development power, where shelves must be filled with a variety of goods at the beginning of every period to make the selling space attractive. Technically, the total occupation volume of the goods must be adjusted to the shelf space. Using resource terminology, these elements correspond to resource consumption and resource capacity, respectively. Thus, we consider a constraint in which the total resource consumption is adjusted to a given resource capacity. We derive explicit solutions for several scenarios regarding resource capacity. These give important managerial implications that are helpful for both managers and front-line workers. We also consider two approaches for obtaining an approximate optimal solution for an arbitrary resource capacity, one of which can be implemented with ease in an ordering support system.  2013 World Scientific Publishing Co. & Operational Research Society of Singapore.	Journal	j	re	Review	Japan	3	Management Science and Operations Research	equality resource constraint,explicit solution,multi-item,Newsvendor problem,order quantity
A generalized stochastic Petri-net model for performance analysis and allocation optimization of a particular repair system	2013	Asia-Pacific Journal of Operational Research	This paper presents a generalized stochastic Petri-net model for performance analysis and allocation optimization of a repair system with interchangeable inventory. A repair system with interchangeable-inventory is an important type of repair-service, which features components that are assembled circularly with interchangeable-component inventory. Despite improved efficiency, major difficulties in model formulation and performance analysis arise due to a complex fork/join structure and the presence of interchangeable-component inventory. In this study, by applying a generalized stochastic Petri-net to model the fork/join structure and interchangeable inventory, a system with one overhaul center and one interchangeable-component repair shop was defined in the Petri-net by places, transitions and tokens. A performance analysis with single and multiple parameters and simulation experiments was performed according to the real field data of high-speed railway locomotives overhaul. With appropriate weights on each portion of the system resources, the optimal design scenario for the allocation of a specific repair system was achieved to control the overall expenditure.  2013 World Scientific Publishing Co. & Operational Research Society of Singapore.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	3	Management Science and Operations Research	allocation optimization,fork/join queue,generalized stochastic Petri-net,performance analysis,Repair system with interchangeable inventory
Control of an exoskeleton robot arm with sliding mode exponential reaching law	2013	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	Robots are now working not only in human environments but also interacting with humans, e.g., service robots or assistive robots. A 7DoFs robotic exoskeleton MARSE-7 (motion assistive robotic-exoskeleton for superior extremity) was developed as an assistive robot to provide movement assistance and/or ease daily upper-limb motion. In this paper, we highlight the nonlinear control of MARSE-7 using the modified sliding mode exponential reaching law (mSMERL). Conventional sliding control produces chattering which is undesired for this kind of robotic application as it causes damage to the mechanical structure. Compared to conventional sliding control, our approach significantly reduces chattering and delivers a high dynamic tracking performance. The control architecture was implemented on a field-programmable gate array (FPGA) in conjunction with a RT-PC. In experiments, trajectory tracking that corresponds to typical passive arm movement exercises for single and multi joint movements were performed to evaluate the performance of the developed robot and the controller. Experimental results demonstrate that the MARSE-7 can effectively track the desired trajectories.  2013 Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	63	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Chattering,exponential reaching law,field-programmable gate array (FPGA),robotic exoskeleton,sliding control,trajectory tracking
New progress of magnetically-coupled resonant wireless power transfer technology	2013	Zhongguo Dianji Gongcheng Xuebao/Proceedings of the Chinese Society of Electrical Engineering	In recent years, extensive attention has been paid to wireless power transfer (WPT). As a mid-range WPT technology, magnetically-coupled resonant WPT (MCR-WPT) has become a research focus ever since the research findings were published by Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2007. This paper mainly dealt with the new progress of MCR-WPT, on the foundation of the brief introduction of WPT technology. Firstly, the basic structures and principles of MCR-WPT were analysed and the leading theories for MCR-WPT were introduced. Then the transfer level and hot topics of MCR-WPT were categorized and elaborated, in terms of transfer characteristics, new materials, interference and practical applications, so as to present a detailed state-of-the-art research situation. Based on the current research situation, some urgent problems and development trends were discussed.  2013 Chinese Society for Electrical Engineering.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	126	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Contactless power transfer (CPT),Magnetically coupled,Mid-range,Resonance,Wireless power transfer (WPT)
Global localization and position tracking of autonomous transport vehicles	2013	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	This chapter presents global localization and position tracking for a swarm of autonomous transport vehicles which transport Euro-bins in a distribution center or warehouse. Localization is realized by sensor fusion of range measurements obtained from an IEEE 802.15.4a network and laser range finders. The IEEE 802.15.4a network is used for communication as well as for global localization. Laser range finders are used to detect landmarks and to provide accurate positioning for docking maneuvers. Range measurements are fused in a Monte Carlo Particle Filter. The chapter presents the design of the global localization and position tracking algorithms. Experimental results are given to prove the effectiveness of the proposed methods.  2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Autonomous transport vehicle,IEEE 802.15.4a CSS,Localization,Mobile robot,Swarm intelligence
Long distance autonomous trajectory tracking for an orchard vehicle	2013	Industrial Robot	Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present work which is a part of the Comprehensive Automation for Specialty Crops project (CASC). Desired trajectory tracking objective has been previously performed by using a non-model based approach in this project. Long distance autonomous drive has been achieved; however the results haven't met the expectations of the project requirements. In order to provide these requirements, this study is conducted. In this study, long distance autonomous trajectory tracking for an orchard vehicle is studied. Besides longitudinal motion, lateral motion of the vehicle is also considered. The longitudinal and lateral errors are objected to keep into a region of less than 10 cm. Design/methodology/approach - Car-like robot kinematic modeling approach is used to create desired trajectory. In order to control longitudinal velocity and steering angle of the vehicle, a controller methodology is proposed. Stability of the controller proposed is shown by using Lyapunov stability approach. Findings - The proposed model is adapted into a four-wheeled autonomous orchard vehicle and tested in an experimental orchard for long distance autonomous drives. More than 15 km autonomous drive is successfully achieved and the details are presented in this paper. Originality/value - In this study, long distance autonomous trajectory tracking for an orchard vehicle is focused. A model based control strategy, including the information about longitudinal and lateral motion of the vehicle, is constructed. A new approach to create steering angles for turning operations of the orchard vehicle is introduced. It is objected that the longitudinal and lateral errors should be less than 10 cm during the trajectory tracking task. - Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous industrial robotics,Control industrial robotics,Control systems,Industrial robotics,Robots,Tracking,Trajectories
Fuzzy logic navigation and obstacle avoidance by a mobile robot in an unknown dynamic environment	2013	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	Mobile robot navigation has remained an open problem over the last two decades. Mobile robots are required to navigate in unknown and dynamic environments, and in recent years the use of mobile robots in material handling has considerably increased. Usually workers push carts around warehouses and manually handle orders which is not very cost-effective. To this end, a potential method to control a swarm of mobile robots in a warehouse with static and dynamic obstacles is to use the wireless control approach. Further, to be able to control different types of mobile robots in the warehouse, the fuzzy logic control approach has been chosen. Therefore, in this paper, an on-line navigation technique for a wheeled mobile robot (WMR) in an unknown dynamic environment using fuzzy logic techniques is investigated. In this paper, we aim to use the robot in application in a warehouse. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.  2013 Faisal et al.; licensee InTech.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Saudi Arabia	58	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy logic control,Navigation and obstacles,Wheeled mobile robot,Wireless communication
Design and verification of a media redundancy management driver for a CAN star topology	2013	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	Some of the severe dependability limitations of Controller Area Network (CAN) can be overcome by replacing its bus topology with a star topology. Thus, a replicated star topology with advanced error-containment and fault-tolerance mechanisms for CAN, called ReCANcentrate, has been proposed. Its two hubs are coupled with each other and create a single logical broadcast domain. This allows each node to easily manage the replicated star by means of a software driver, called reCANdrv, that abstracts away the details of this replication. The goal of reCANdrv is to manage the star's media redundancy transparently for a CAN application, allowing it to exchange information through the star while tolerating faults. This paper describes the design of reCANdrv, the specification as properties of reCANdrv's correct redundancy management, and the verification of these properties by means of model checking.  2005-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Controller Area Network (CAN),fault tolerance,field buses,formal verification,media redundancy management,model checking,replicated star topology,UPPAAL
Mining semantic context information for intelligent video surveillance of traffic scenes	2013	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	Automated visual surveillance systems are attracting extensive interest due to public security. In this paper, we attempt to mine semantic context information including object-specific context information and scene-specific context information (learned from object-specific context information) to build an intelligent system with robust object detection, tracking, and classification and abnormal event detection. By means of object-specific context information, a cotrained classifier, which takes advantage of the multiview information of objects and reduces the number of labeling training samples, is learned to classify objects into pedestrians or vehicles with high object classification performance. For each kind of object, we learn its corresponding semantic scene-specific context information: motion pattern, width distribution, paths, and entry/exist points. Based on this information, it is efficient to improve object detection and tracking and abnormal event detection. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our semantic context features for multiple real-world traffic scenes.  2005-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	62	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Event detection,Gaussian mixture model (GMM) and graph cut,object classification,object detection,object tracking,video surveillance
Deadlock-free control of automated manufacturing systems with flexible routes and assembly operations using petri nets	2013	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	In the context of automated manufacturing systems (AMS), Petri nets are widely adopted to solve the modeling, analysis, and control problems. So far, nearly all known approaches to liveness enforcing supervisory control investigate AMS with either flexible routes or assembly operations, whereas little work investigates them with both. In this paper, we propose a novel class of systems, which can well deal with both features so as to facilitate the control of more complex AMS. Using structural analysis, we show that liveness of their Petri net model can be attributed to the absence of undermarked siphons, which is realizable by synthesizing a proper supervisory controller. Moreover, an efficient method is developed and verified via AMS examples.  2005-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	70	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMS),discrete event systems,Petri nets,supervisory control
The design of AGV control system and its application in printing center	2013	Advanced Materials Research	This paper introduces one kind of design of AGV control system based on the navigation of the time division electromagnetic complex frequency selection. The structure of software and hardware of AGV is analyzed. Combined with AGV system applications in a newspaper printing center, the detailed analysis of the design of AGV system is shown. After the actual operation of the system, its feasibility is verified.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Electromagnetic navigation,Networked control
Development and application of container automated guided vehicle system	2013	ICTIS 2013: Improving Multimodal Transportation Systems - Information, Safety, and Integration - Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Transportation Information and Safety	This paper introduces the development process of the Automated Guided Vehicle System, which is China's independently-developed intelligent container transport vehicle system. The system consists of positioning and navigation systems, wireless communication systems, automated guided vehicle systems, and intelligent control systems. In the development process, such key technologies have been tackled as automated guided vehicle system integrated technology, automated guided vehicle path planning and tracking technology, positioning navigation and precise positioning technology, and intelligent operation decision-making system. Currently, the system has been put into trial operation; the main technical parameters have reached the international advanced level. The paper ends with the applied prospects of the system in China's container terminal.  2013 American Society of Civil Engineers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems,Transportation	None
Automated guided vehicle system for work-in-process movement	2013	Solid State Phenomena	The paper presents an automated guided vehicle transportation subsystem used for work-in-process movement, built at the Production Engineering Institute of Cracow University of Technology. It describes design and operational parameters of built vehicles as well as the principles of integration of AGV control subsystem with the AIM multi-agent manufacturing control system. Furthermore, results of the verification of applied path-finding, anti-collision and anti-deadlock algorithms are included.  (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	1	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Materials Science (all),Condensed Matter Physics	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Manufacturing system,Multi agent control system
Robust localisation of automated guided vehicles for computer-integrated manufacturing environments	2013	South African Journal of Industrial Engineering	As industry moves toward an era of complete automation and 'mass customisation', automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used as material handling systems. However, the current techniques that provide navigation, control, and manoeuvrability of automated guided vehicles threaten to create bottlenecks and inefficiencies in manufacturing environments that strive towards the optimisation of part production. This paper proposes a decentralised localisation technique for an automated guided vehicle without any non-holonomic constraints. Incorporation of these vehicles into the material handling system of a computer-integrated manufacturing environment would increase the characteristics of robustness, efficiency, flexibility, and advanced manoeuvrability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Africa	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Optimal scheduling of automatic guided vehicle system via state space realization	2013	International Journal of Automation Technology	This paper considers dynamical system modeling of transportation systems in semiconductor manufacturing based on state space realization. Utilizing this method, we consider an optimal scheduling problem for an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) transfer problem, which is to control AGV congestion at transport rail junctions. Our scheduling algorithm is based on model-predictive control in which the cycle of measurement, prediction and optimization is repeated. Its optimization is recast as an Integer Linear Programming (ILP) problem. Since little attention has been given to AGV scheduling based on model-predictive control, no method is, to our knowledge, known for determining appropriate cost functions. Here, we focus on throughput maximization and shortest transit time problems and show corresponding cost function settings. We also propose a visualization algorithm of AGV scheduling via state space realization, presenting numerical examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	4	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Congestion,Model-predictive control,Scheduling
Prototype model of multi -load AVG for material supply in manufacturing system	2013	IET Conference Publications	Here we aim to build a model of the multi load material supply system which is the hybrid of AGV(Automated guided vehicle) and AS/RS(Automated storage/Retrieval system) system. The AGV base provides movement in the manufacturing facility and AS/RS provides storage of the material. The machine can be designed depending on the AGV load caring capacity and variety of material need to be carried. Depending upon number of variety of products and requirements, compartment can be increased or decreased. One of major advantage of this kind of machine in normal AGV is it has high throughput. Since single machine can carry more products hence number of AGVs needed to handle material is less thereby traffic in the manufacturing environment can be decreased and more efficiency in material handling transportation can be achieved. Due to decrease in AGV numbers in manufacturing environment, cost of handling and maintenance them is reduced hence it saves money and increase efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Multi Load AGVs,Multi-load Robots,Revolutionary AGV Design
Optimization of container handling systems in automated maritime terminal	2013	Studies in Computational Intelligence	Container terminals play a crucial role in global logistic networks. Because of the ever-increasing quantity of cargo, terminal operators need solutions for different decisional problems. In the maritime terminal, at boat arrival or departure, we observe five main problems: the allocation of berths, the allocation of query cranes, the allocation of storage space, the optimization of stacking cranes work load and the scheduling and routing of vehicles. A good cooperation between the different installations in the terminal is important in order to minimize container handling time. In an automated container terminal using Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) Query Cranes (QCs) and Automated Stacking Cranes (ASCs) numerical solutions have become essential to optimize operators' decisions. Many recent researches have discussed the optimization of ACT equipment scheduling using different approaches. In this paper we propose three mathematical models and an exact resolution of QC-AGV-ASC planning, the problem of tasks in an automated container terminal. Our first objective is to minimize the makespan (the time when the last task is achieved). The second objective is to minimize the number of required vehicles.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	France	5	Artificial Intelligence	None
Reconfigurable navigation of an automatic guided vehicle utilising omnivision	2013	Proceedings - 2013 6th Robotics and Mechatronics Conference, RobMech 2013	Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are navigated in different ways, utilising multiple types of sensors for detecting the environment. Different methods are then used to execute the navigation. In this research, such sensors are minimised by the use of an omnidirectional camera picture stream. The area of interest is extracted and by utilising image processing the vehicle is navigated on a set path. Utilising different coloured signs reconfigurability is added to the route layout resulting in the manipulation of a number of AGVs, each on its own designated coloured sign path by the operator with no programming alteration or intervention. A low-resolution camera and a MATLAB® software development platform are utilised.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	area of interest,colour routs,image processing,Kalman filter,omnidirectional,Prewitt edge detection,reconfigurable paths
Positioning accuracy improvement of laser navigation using unscented kalman filter	2013	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	This paper presents positioning improvement of a laser navigation system (LNS) using unscented Kalman filter (UKF) for an automatic guided vehicle (AGV). The existing AGVs mainly used a magnetic system or an inductive system as a guidance system. However, those have high cost and difficult maintenance according to change of environment, and can drive only the designated path which sensors are installed on. The laser guidance system is developed to solve those problems, but it has also problems which is slow response time and low accuracy. Therefore, we propose a sensor fusion method for the AGV. The sensors used in this paper are encoders, a gyro and the LNS, and they are fused by UKF. To analyze the performance of the proposed system, we designed a fork-type AGV for ourselves, and performed the experiment that was repeated 5 times under the same working conditions. In experimental results, we verified that the proposed method could improve positioning accuracy of the LNS effectively. In addition, it was appropriate to apply a real AGV system for autonomous driving.  2013 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	automatic guided vehicle,laser navigation,unscented Kalman filter
System and design of a compact and heavy-payload AGV system for flexible production line	2013	2013 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, ROBIO 2013	This paper presents a new Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) system, in which unique compact and heavy-payload under-cart design, high precision hybrid-mode stopping, modularized software and distributed AGV-caller system, are integrated to provide a reliable and worker-friendly AGV system for the flexible production Une. Besides, the results of a series of in-field tests validate the payload and precise stopping performance of our AGV system.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Biotechnology	None
Extensions of the unidirectional flow path design problem solved by efficient metaheuristics	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The flow path design problem is one of the most important issues in AGV (automated guided vehicles) systems design. It consists in the determination of each segment direction and the paths to used for automated vehicles in production units. Performances of a system is influenced by organization of these roads because the transport time and the number of necessary vehicles depends on. This work deals with flow path design problem for a conventional unidirectional network. Some new extensions of the total travel distance minimization considering both loaded and empty travels is presented and solved by efficient metaheuristics. Extensions consist in adding different type of vehicle, not allowed some segments and taking into account construction costs. This study is made in collaboration with ANDRA (National Agency for Radioactive Waste Management).  IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Construction costs,Empty travel,Flow path design,Unidirectional
An ant colony-based algorithm for finding the shortest bidirectional path for automated guided vehicles in a block layout	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper considers the shortest path design problem (SPDP) on bidirectional path topology as one of the best known types of network configurations for automated guided vehicles. An integer linear programming model has been developed to solve the problem. The model intends to minimize the length of the path, which needs to cover all cells at least in one edge. Due to the NP-hardness of the problem, which has been proved previously, this model is only able to solve problems with a small number of cells. So we develop an ant colony system (ACS) algorithm to solve the problem. Comparisons of the designed algorithm with a cutting-plane algorithm show the efficiency of the proposed ACS algorithm for this SPDP.  2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	16	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Ant colony system,Automated guided vehicle,Bidirectional path,Block layout,Branch-and-cut method
Multimodal processes rescheduling	2013	IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology	Cyclic scheduling problems concerning multimodal processes are usually observed in FMSs producing multi-type parts where the Automated Guided Vehicles System (AGVS) plays a role of a material handling system. Schedulability analysis of concurrently flowing cyclic processes (SCCP) executed in these kinds of systems can be considered using a declarative modeling framework. Proposed representation provides a unified way for performance evaluation of local cyclic as well as supported by them multimodal processes. The main question regards of reachability of a SCCP cyclic behavior. In this context, the sufficient conditions guarantee the reachability of both local and multimodal processes cyclic steady state spaces are discussed.  IFIP International Federation for Information Processing 2013.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management	None
Robust control of magnetic guidance lightweight AGVs path tracking using randomization methods	2013	2013 European Control Conference, ECC 2013	In this paper, a state space dynamical model for the differential drive path tracking system of an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) is developed. In order to guarantee desirable control specifications for a wide range of possible masses (50 < M < 1000kg), the payload mass is considered as uncertainty in the model. Robust stability domain in the controller parameter space via randomization technique is analysed. Two sets of controller parameters are selected and experimentally tested on a commercial vehicle, showing performances in agreement with the analysis.  2013 EUCA.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Improvement of position accuracy of magnetic guide sensor using kalman filter	2013	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	This paper is represented to research of method to improve the performance of magnetic guide sensor using Kalman filter. The magnetic guide sensor is calculating the center position of the AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle) by to measure the magnetic information of a magnetic substance that is magnetic tape, magnet spot. The existing magnetic guide sensor is the device that calculates the center position of the AGV using the magnetic force of the measured data that is one pole to measure each axis at the histogram algorithm. But, the existing method is unfit for requiring the high accuracy such as industrial setting because of interference between sensors and the effect by disturbance. Therefore, in this paper proposed method that increases the position accuracy of the magnetic guide sensor using Kalman filter. To verify the proposed method, we use the AGV to install magnetic guide sensor. And it compare the positioning accuracy of the propose method and the commercialized magnetic guide sensor. As a result, the proposed method was found 24.78% to improve the positioning accuracy of the proposed method than that of the commercialized magnetic guide sensor.  2013 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Kalman filter,magnetic guide sensor
Methodologies to Optimize Automated Guided Vehicle Scheduling and Routing Problems: A Review Study	2013	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	2013, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used as a material handling device in flexible manufacturing systems. Traditionally, AGVs were mostly used at manufacturing systems, but currently other applications of AGVs are extensively developed in other areas, such as warehouses, container terminals and transportation systems. This paper discusses literature related to different methodologies to optimize AGV systems for the two significant problems of scheduling and routing at manufacturing, distribution, transshipment and transportation systems. We categorized the methodologies into mathematical methods (exact and heuristics), simulation studies, meta-heuristic techniques and artificial intelligent based approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	67	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle systems,Literature survey,Routing,Scheduling
Color guided vehicle - An intelligent material handling mechatronic system	2013	1st International and 16th National Conference on Machines and Mechanisms, iNaCoMM 2013	Industries established earlier were using material handling systems which were time consuming, less efficient, demanded more manpower, which ultimately increases the manufacturing lead time. As a result of that, productivity reduces. To overcome these demerits, industries need an efficient system, which can be automatically controlled. Such concept has been demonstrated in this paper. Vehicle has been developed by using concepts of electric drives, ElectroPneumatics, machine vision, microcontroller (Arduino) and Zigbee wireless module. For human machine interface, Matlab GUI toolbox is used (windows 8 touch screen) in this paper. The color guided vehicle (CGV) will convey the object to the desired destination according to its color. Moreover the undesired object will be rejected instantly by pneumatic system. Such a vehicle or a system works as a color detector automated guided vehicle. Therefore here developed CGV can be considered as an intelligent material handling Mechatronic system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	6	Mechanical Engineering	Arduino microcontroller,ElectroPneumatics,Machine vision,Mechatronic system,Zigbee wireless module
Conflict-free Automated Guided Vehicles routing using multi-objective genetic algorithm	2013	Research Journal of Applied Sciences, Engineering and Technology	The study presents an algorithm for conflict-free Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) routing minimizing travel time and total job tardiness. The problem is represented using one sub-chromosome for dispatching represented with random keys and the remaining sub-chromosomes for routing represented with priority-based encoding. The algorithm used weight mapping crossover (WMX) and Insertion Mutation (IM) for priority-based representation and parameterized uniform crossover (PUX) for random-key based representation. Conflict is detected and avoided using the route occupation time of each segment. Numerical experiment was conducted on the developed algorithm.  Maxwell Scientific Organization, 2013.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	4	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Dispatching,Metaheuristics,Multi-objective genetic algorithm,Optimization,Routing
Local search approach for dispatch and conflict-free routing problem of capacitated AGV systems	2013	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	In the case of routing problems of real AGV systems, some additional matters should be considered such as collision avoidance, capacity of system components, ease of changing routes and robustness against disturbance. In recent years, some researches on the dispatch and conflict-free routing problem have been performed, however, to the best of our knowledge, there exists no research on the dispatch and conflict-free routing problem of capacitated AGV systems(DCFRPC). In this paper, we propose a formulation of the DCFRPC, propose a local search method by using graphs, and evaluate the proposed method by computational experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Conflict-free routing problem,Dispatch problem,Local search,Scheduling problem,Vehicle routing
Scheduling of Intelligent and Autonomous Vehicles under pairing/unpairing collaboration strategy in container terminals	2013	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	A new class of Intelligent and Autonomous Vehicles (IAVs) has been designed in the framework of Intelligent Transportation for Dynamic Environment (InTraDE) project funded by European Union. This type of vehicles is technologically superior to the existing Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), in many respects. They offer more flexibility and intelligence in maneuvering within confined spaces where the logistic operations take place. This includes the ability of pairing/unpairing enabling a pair of 1-TEU (20-foot Equivalent Unit) IAVs dynamically to join, transport containers of any size between 1-TEU and 1-FFE (40-foot Equivalent) and disjoin again. Deploying IAVs helps port operators to remain efficient in coping with the ever increasing volume of container traffic at ports and eliminate the need for deploying more 40-ft transporters in the very confined area of ports. In order to accommodate this new feature of IAVs, we review and extend one of the existing mixed integer programming models of AGV scheduling in order to minimize the makespan of operations for transporting a set of containers of different sizes between quay cranes and yard cranes. In particular, we study the case of Dublin Ferryport Terminal. In order to deal with the complexity of the scheduling model, we develop a Lagrangian relaxation-based decomposition approach equipped with a variable fixing procedure and a primal heuristics to obtain high-quality solution of instances of the problem.  2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	17	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle,Discrete-event simulation,Intelligent Autonomous Vehicle,Lagrangian relaxation,Mixed integer programming,Scheduling
Assessment of vibrations induced in factories by automated guided vehicles	2013	Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers: Structures and Buildings	This study proposes a simplified sub-structural model to explore the floor micro-vibration induced by automated guided vehicles in thin-film transistor liquid crystal display factories. Time history analyses of a sequence of automated guided vehicles moving loads considering various car spacings on an equivalent three-span continuous beam model of a thin-film transitor liquid crystal display factory were simulated. The effectiveness of vibration control using viscoelastic dampers was also examined. Numerical simulations demonstrate that the simplified method can predict the measured floor vibration spectra with satisfactory accuracy and that the automated guided vehicles induced floor vibrations without control exceed the acceptable VC-B level required for the installation of specific precision process tools. The application of energy dissipation devices has shown to be effective in vibration mitigations as they enhance the damping characteristics of a multi-span floor system. The maximum response of the whole continuous beam induced by a group of automated guided vehicles can be effectively suppressed to a desired VC-B level if multiple viscoelastic dampers are implemented along the automated guided vehicles moving bay and the spacing between each automated guided vehicle is properly adjusted. The simplified analytical method can help engineers quickly assess the level of automated guided vehicles-induced floor vibration and assist in the design of low-vibration floor systems in high-technology factories.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	7	Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction	Bridges,Buildings, structures and design,Dynamics
Application of svpwm in new type permanent magnet synchronous motor based on agv	2013	Information Technology Journal	In order to meet the special requirements of AGV for motor: Small torque ripple in low speed, a amooth starting, high efficiency and high power density, new permanent magnet motor-Halbach motor was introduced. SVPWM was realized based on DSP TMS320F2812, experimental results show that the SVPWM control strategy can effectively control Halbach motor and improve the dynamic performance of the AGV system.  2013 Asian Network for Scientific Information.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Automatic guided vehicle,Halach motor,SVPWM
A vision-based automated guided vehicle system with marker recognition for indoor use	2013	Sensors (Switzerland)	2013 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.We propose an intelligent vision-based Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system using fiduciary markers. In this paper, we explore a low-cost, efficient vehicle guiding method using a consumer grade web camera and fiduciary markers. In the proposed method, the system uses fiduciary markers with a capital letter or triangle indicating direction in it. The markers are very easy to produce, manipulate, and maintain. The marker information is used to guide a vehicle. We use hue and saturation values in the image to extract marker candidates. When the known size fiduciary marker is detected by using a bird’s eye view and Hough transform, the positional relation between the marker and the vehicle can be calculated. To recognize the character in the marker, a distance transform is used. The probability of feature matching was calculated by using a distance transform, and a feature having high probability is selected as a captured marker. Four directional signals and 10 alphabet features are defined and used as markers. A 98.87% recognition rate was achieved in the testing phase. The experimental results with the fiduciary marker show that the proposed method is a solution for an indoor AGV system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	17	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Bird’s eye view,Marker matching,Marker recognition,Vision based AGV system
Step-by-step cyclic processes scheduling	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) fleet scheduling is one of the big problems in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) control. The problem is more complicated when concurrent multi-product manufacturing and resource deadlock avoidance policies are considered. The objective of the research is to provide a declarative model enabling to state a constraint satisfaction problem aimed at AGVs fleet scheduling subject to assumed itineraries of concurrently manufactured product types. In other words, assuming a given layout of FMS's material handling and production routes of simultaneously manufactured orders, the main objective is to provide the declarative framework aimed at conditions allowing one to calculate the AGVs fleet schedule in online mode. An illustrative example of the relevant algebra-like driven step-by-stem cyclic scheduling is provided.  2013 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	1	Control and Systems Engineering	AGVs fleet scheduling,Cyclic scheduling,Cyclic/multimodal process,Declarative modeling
Linear Kalman filter for dead time affected measurement signals implemented in a small scale automated guided vehicle	2013	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	This paper describes an efficient way to calculate state estimations with a linear Kalman filter, if the measurement signal is subject to a fix dead time. In addition the presented solution can handle measurement signals with arbitrarily high sample times. After the derivation of the algorithm an application with high measurement signal dead time is explained. Finally a simulation depicts the result of the algorithm being implemented on the described application.  2013 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	AGV,dead time,State estimation
Coupling of a discrete event multi agent simulation with a real time multi agent simulation	2013	11th International Industrial Simulation Conference 2013, ISC 2013	In this paper we present a coupled multi agent simulation of an automated guided vehicle system. We use two different simulation concepts one based on JADE and one based on MASON and a coupling between these two systems. With this approach we can use specific advantages (e. g. realistic messaging behaviour of JADE) of both systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Modeling and Simulation	AGVS,JADE,MASON,Multi Agent Systems,Simulation
An application of parameter extraction for AGV navigation based on computer vision	2013	2013 10th International Conference on Ubiquitous Robots and Ambient Intelligence, URAI 2013	In this paper we realize an application of a computer vision method to acquire some basic information to control the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). Firstly, we design markers refer to some special meanings (such as 'Go Straight', 'Left Tum', 'Right Tum' and 'Stop'). Secondly, we use camera to capture the markers, using HOG feature and classify the markers with SVM predictor. After that we calculate the distance and deviation angel from the markers to the AGV. Finally, we send the information to the AGV and control the movement of it.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	4	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	AGV,computer vision,HOG,SVM
Optimising a multi-objective reliability assessment in multiple AGV manufacturing system	2013	International Journal of Services and Operations Management	A mathematical model is developed to assess the reliability of machines and AGVs in flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). The model considers two features of automated flexible manufacturing systems equipped with automated guided vehicle (AGV) namely, the reliability of machines and the reliability of AGVs in a multiple AGV jobshop manufacturing system. The optimisation objectives in the proposed model are maximising the total reliability of machines in shops in the whole jobshop system, maximising the total reliability of the AGVs, and minimising the total repair cost in the system. To solve the proposed multi-objective mathematical model, fuzzy goal programming is adapted and the results show the effectiveness and applicability of the proposed approach. Copyright  2013 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	FGP,Fuzzy goal programming,Mathematical model,Reliability assessment
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and mobile robots	2013	Communications in Computer and Information Science	This paper deals with the problem of simultaneously scheduling machines and a number of autonomous mobile robots in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Besides capability of transporting materials between machines, the considered mobile robots are different from other material handling devices in terms of their advanced ability to perform tasks at machines by using their manipulation arms. The mobile robots thus have to be scheduled in relation to scheduling of machines so as to increase the efficiency of the overall system. The performance criterion is to minimize time required to complete all tasks or makespan. A heuristic based on genetic algorithm is developed to find the best solution for the problem. A numerical example is investigated to demonstrate results of the proposed approach. The implementation of the proposed approach in a multi-agent system is also generally described.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	6	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	FMS,Genetic Algorithm,Mobile Robots,Scheduling
Adapted Markovian model to control reliability assessment in multiple AGV manufacturing system	2013	Scientia Iranica	2013 Sharif University of Technology. All rights reserved.This paper presents a Markovian model for Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs). The model considers two features of automated flexible manufacturing systems equipped with the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), namely the reliability of machines and the reliability of AGVs in a multiple AGV jobshop manufacturing system. Performance measure is a critical factor used to judge the effectiveness of a manufacturing system. The studies in the literature did not compare Markovian and neural networks, especially in the reliability modeling of an advanced manufacturing system, considering AGVs. The current methods for modeling the reliability of a system involve determination of system state probabilities and transition states. Since the failure of the machines and AGVs could be considered in different states, a Markovian model is proposed for reliability assessment. Also, a neural network model is developed to point out the difference in the accuracy of the Markovian model in comparison with the neural network. The optimization objectives in the proposed model are maximizing the total reliability of machines in shops in the whole jobshop system and maximizing the total reliability of the AGVs. The multi-objective mathematical model is optimized using an analytic hierarchy process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	3	Engineering (all)	Automated manufacturing systems,Markovian model,Reliability assessment
Dynamic scheduling of AGVS for tobacco automatic warehouse: A case study	2013	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	This paper studies the scheduling of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) for the material distribution from a tobacco accessory storage area to the machines in a flexible manufacturing plant. Firstly, we illustrate the operational processes, facility layout and AGVS composition to meet the total material requirements of all the machining units in the shop floor; secondly, input/output parameters, decision variables, comprehensive optimization objectives associated with scheduling rules has been discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated guided vehicles,Material distribution and scheduling problem,Scheduling rules
Obstacle recognition of industrial mobile robot using histogram of oriented gradients(HOG) and real ada boost	2013	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	In this paper, robust recognition of target or obstacle for automated guided vehicle (AGV) is proposed. This AGV is used at the car assembly factory and this AGV is controlled for transportation by visual feedback. Our final goal is to transport automatically parts of the car by using AGV. The condition of brightness usually changes in car assembly factory and then illuminant change is disturbance for AGV. For the reason, the robust to that disturbance is important for visual feedback control. As a first step to overcome the problem, we proposed the robust recognition of target by using histogram of oriented gradients(HOG) and Real Ada boost. HOG and Real Ada boost are usually used in machine learning (ML). We introduce how to calculate HOG, and next we propose the algorithm using the distance of features based on HOG. To show the validity of our proposed algorithm, we introduce experimental results of target recognition under many illuminant conditions finally.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Histogram of oriented gradients,Real ada boost
Single wheel drive orchard Agv servo controller based on ADSP2188	2013	Information Technology Journal	Orchard AGV is a continuous, independent and real-time intelligent carrying goods vehicle in orchard. Differential speed control orchard AGV often lost control in complex work environments, leading to production interruptions. To solve the problem, a single wheel drive orchards AGV is proposed, hardware and software of a single wheel drive orchards AGV based ADSP2188 are designed. Experimental results show that servo system of the orchards AGV based on ADSP2188 can effectively improve its steady and dynamic performance.  2013 Asian Network for Scientific Information.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	BLDC motor,Lead-acid battery,Orchard automatic guided vehicle,Single wheel drive
Performance evaluation of small-batch container delivery systems used in lean manufacturing - Part 1: System stability and distribution of container starts	2013	International Journal of Production Research	In lean manufacturing, milk run (MR) systems represent route-based, cyclic material-handling systems that are used widely to enable frequent and consistent deliveries of containerised parts on an as-needed basis from a central storage area (the 'supermarket') to multiple line-side deposit points on the factory floor. MR systems generally result in short lead times, low variability, and low line-side inventory levels. In the first part of this two-part paper, a basic, single-tugger MR system is described. Stability conditions are derived with respect to the 'physical capacity' of the tugger, and the 'time utilisation' of the driver/material handler, both of which are key criteria since the number of containers that can be delivered during each MR is limited, and each MR targets a prescribed cycle time to ensure timely and consistent deliveries. We also derive the distribution of the number of containers requested per MR, which allows the model to estimate the probability of exceeding the physical capacity of the tugger or the prescribed cycle time, under the assumption that sufficient kanban are available for each part type delivered by the MR system. The results of the study facilitate the design and analysis of MR systems used in industry.  2013 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	22	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Lean manufacturing,Material flow,Materials handling,Milk run systems,Small-batch delivery
An optimal path in a bi-criteria AGV-based flexible jobshop manufacturing system having uncertain parameters	2013	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	We propose an approach for finding an optimal path in a flexible jobshop manufacturing system considering two criteria of time and cost. With rise in demands, advancement in technology and increase in production capacity, the need for more shops persists. Therefore, a flexible jobshop system has more than one shop with the same duty. The difference among shops with the same duty is in their machines with various specifications. A network is configured in which the nodes are considered to be the shops with arcs representing the paths among the shops. An automated guided vehicle functions as a material handling device through the manufacturing network. To account for uncertainty, we consider time to be a triangular fuzzy number and apply an expert system to infer cost. The objective is to find a path minimising both the time and cost criteria, aggregately. Since time and cost have different scales, a normalisation procedure is proposed to remove the scales. The model being biobjective, the analytical hierarchy process weighing method is applied to construct a single objective. Finally, a dynamic programming approach is presented for computing a shortest path in the network. The efficiency of the proposed approach is illustrated by a numerical example. Copyright  2013 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Flexible jobshop,Fuzzy systems,Manufacturing systems
Intelligent combinatorial auctions of decentralized task assignment for AGV with multiple loading capacity	2013	IEEJ Transactions on Electrical and Electronic Engineering	The need to have an effi{ligature}cient transportation system has attracted worldwide attention. Although there is increasing demand to implement distributed control system for industrial applications, there is still an unexplored potential of deploying distributed transportation system. This paper focuses on dynamic assignment of transportation requests to a fl{ligature}eet of vehicles in real time. We introduce an improved combinatorial auction methodology to accommodate the distributed task assignment procedure. Based on a multiagent architecture, each vehicle is represented by an intelligent agent that bids for task and plans its own schedule. On the other hand, the auctioneer has the objective of minimizing transportation tardiness. An automated guided vehicle (AGV) has been selected as the case study, and numerical experiments have been carried out. The result obtained shows that the improved task assignment approach is able to produce performance competitive to a conventional task assignment.  2013 Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	8	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Combinatorial auctions,Intelligent agent,Multiload AGV
A novel intelligent and agile warehouse system for energy meterstorage	2013	2013 IEEE 3rd International Conference on Information Science and Technology, ICIST 2013	This paper presented the design of a novel intelligent warehouse system for energy meter storage, named Intelligent and Agile Warehouse System(IAWS). The IAWS aims to improve operation efficiency, increase the scanning accuracy and achieve unmanned operation. To this purpose, it is equipped with the Auto Container Stacker, the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), the Portable Terminal, the Manipulator, and other automatic equipments. Different kinds of goods in standard shelves are allocated in this warehouse. AGVs are in charge of transporting the goods to the destination. The Auto Container Stacker is designed for container stacking and data collecting from the barcodes and RFID tags on the energy meters and containers. AGVs take the containers to the target position guided by the magnetic navigation system. The warehouse management system(WMS) is responsible for inbound and outbound management, as well the mission optimization and dispatching. The system is confirmed to be feasible in the aspects of both technology and cost by filed-experiment.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems	None
The multi-task scheduling and controlling simulation method of the AGVS	2013	Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science	This article studied the general principles of multi-task scheduling and controlling of the logistics equipment, specifically took the AGV as an example, set the three-dimensional models of the equipments through MDT, established the relationships between the downstream equipments and upstream equipments, which also took the equipment layout into account, generated the task command, realized the multi-task scheduling and controlling in the logistics center, finally got the visualization simulation models of a cigarette factory accessories distribution system and the simulation data which will support the further optimization. This article made a meaningful attempt of exploring the multi-task scheduling and controlling simulation method of the AGVS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	AGVS,Multi-task Scheduling,Simulation
Path following control of automatic guided vehicle based on hierarchical fuzzy algorithm	2013	Journal of Theoretical and Applied Information Technology	A three-wheel AGV with front wheel steer and rear wheel drive is taken as the research objective.On the basis of establishing the hardware framework of the motion control system,the software design of PMAC under the environment of VC++ is discussed relevantly.At the same time,a hierarchical fuzzy algorithm is introduced in the path following of the AGV. Having applied hierarchical fuzzy systems in the control architecture, the number of rules in a fuzzy controller was reduced greatly. A robust control term was used to compensate the approximation error of fuzzy systems, which could reduce the effect on tracking accuracy caused by the error. It was proved that the tracking error converged to the small neighborhood of zero, and the tracking error could be decreased by enlarging parameters in the robust control term. The test results verified the efficiency of the hierarchical adaptive fuzzy controller.  2005 - 2013 JATIT & LLS. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV),Hierarchical fuzzy control,Path following,PMAC
Production simulation of decentralized autonomous FMS and AGVs route interference avoidance using mind	2013	Modelling and Simulation 2013 - European Simulation and Modelling Conference, ESM 2013	This paper describes a simulation system that can efficiently control the motion of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in decentralized autonomous flexible manufacturing systems (DA-FMS). In particular, a mind model called the minimum unit of the mind (MUM) is proposed. Because of the fickle mind using MUM, the AGVs can efficiently avoid route interferences even when many AGVs are operating in DA-FMS. Using application simulations, it is ascertained that the fickle mind and MUM are effective for avoiding AGV route interferences.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Computer integrated manufacturing and engineering,Decentralized autonomous system,FMS,Mind,Production simulation
Communication infrastructure in the centralized management system for intelligent warehouses	2013	Communications in Computer and Information Science	The automation of logistic systems is essential to improve productivity and reduce costs. An effective way to introduce automation in materials handling is applying Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). The design of an AGV System requires decision making regarding the best strategies to solve the various problems associated with its functioning (efficient routes, AGVs selection, collision, deadlocks, battery management, etc.). In this context, this paper presents a centralized architecture AGV System for intelligent warehouses. In this architecture, the Intelligent Supervisor controls the AGVs and exchanges information with the Warehouse Management System (WMS). A middleware-based communication infrastructure was developed to ensure the communication interoperability among the components of the system and the information manager. By measuring the response time and performing tests of the network overload for a different number of AGVs controlled by the Intelligent Supervisor, a reliable standard to exchange information could be achieved.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	2	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	AGV system,Communication infrastructure,Intelligent warehouse,Middleware
Linux based control framework for mecnaum based omnidirectional automated guided vehicles	2013	Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science	This paper gives an overview on a control and navigation system for omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) implemented by the authors. On the hardware side this framework only uses an industrial grade embedded PC. All closed-loop controllers as well as a sophisticated navigation system including path-planning and global and local localization is implemented in the authors real-time Linux based AGV framework. In this paper the fundamental concept of the architecture of this control system is discussed and the benefits such as offering to execute high level robotic frameworks, like Player/Stage or Robot Operating System (ROS), in parallel to the low level controllers on the same PC are shown. While the sophisticated localization system and the generation of trajectories where already presented, this paper focuses on the overall software structure including the communication system, the modular design including a client/server model, client multiplexing and the hardware interface supporting different types of AGVs utilized by the Intelligent Mobile Systems Lab (IMSL) of the University of Applied Sciences and Arts Dortmund. The application source and also the compiled binaries are executed unchanged on all the AGVs with just different runtime configurations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	9	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Automated Guided Vehicles,Development and control,Mecnaum based omnidirectional vehicles,Mobile robots and autonomous systems,Real-time systems control,Robot design
A closed-loop bid adjustment method of dynamic task allocation of robots	2013	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Task allocation in dynamic environments is one of the most challenging problems in multi-robot coordination, and it is imperative for a wide range of applications. Auction-based approaches are popular methods that aim to assemble robot team information at a single location to achieve practicable task allocation. However, a main deficiency of auction-based methods is that robots generally do not have sufficient information to estimate accurate bids to perform tasks, particularly in dynamic environments with operational uncertainties. While some techniques have been developed to improve bidding, they are mostly open-looped without feedback adjustments to tune the bid prices for subsequent tasks of the same type. Robots' bids, if not adjusted accordingly, may not be trustworthy and would indeed impede team performance. To tackle this issue, we propose a closed-loop bid adjustment mechanism to improve robots' bids, and hence enhance the overall team performance. Each robot in a team maintains its own track record as closed-loop feedback information to adjust its bid prices. After a robot has completed a task, it assesses its performance to reflect the discrepancy between the bid price and the actual cost of the task. A series of such performance records, with time-discounting factors, are taken into account to damp out fluctuations of bid adjustments. Adopting this adjustment mechanism, a task would be more likely allocated to a competent robot that submits a more accurate bid price, and hence improve the overall team performance. Simulation of task allocation of automated guided vehicles serving at a container terminal is presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the bid adjustment mechanism.  2013 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Guidance system for agricultural tractor with four wheel steering	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	In a typical automatic guidance system for agricultural machines, the guidance system controls only one degree of freedom; either the steering angle of the front wheels of the tractor or other steering equipment is used for steering. In a tractor with the multiple degrees of freedom, like four wheel steering, the guidance system may use both the degrees of freedom for path tracking. However, the implement connected has to support the additional degrees of freedom; otherwise kinematic constraints are addressed. This paper presents a path tracking algorithm for four wheel steered agricultural tractor that is designed to be autonomous. The path tracking algorithm utilizes the kinematic and dynamical model of the vehicle, dynamic prediction and linear control laws to steer both front and rear axles of the tractor. The kinematic model is used to separate the two-times-time control problem into two single-input singleoutput problems. Conventional linear controllers are used for feedback control together with feedforward part. The guidance system uses real time kinematic GPS receiver for global positioning and additional sensors to measure the attitude of the vehicle. The developed path tracking system was tested in an agricultural field with a mounted seeder; by sowing 2.4 ha winter wheat. The results show that in straight swaths the lateral tracking error was less than 0.05m and the angular tracking error less than 1 degree. The results show also that during the field experiment, the GPS positioning signal was within the quality limits 15% of time that caused number of interrupts for continuous autonomous drive. The longest continous period of valid signal was eighteen minutes while the average of continuous driving was five minutes.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	9	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Global positioning systems,Mobile robots,Navigation systems
Variable-resolution velocity-time roadmap generation considering safety constraints for autonomous vehicles	2013	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	This research develops a new roadmap method for autonomous vehicles based on variable-resolution partitioning of a continuous state-time space. Unlike conventional roadmaps, which include position information only, the proposed roadmap also includes velocity and time information. Each node of the proposed roadmap contains position and velocity information and is the same as a Variable-resolution Velocity Roadmap (VVR). Each directed link of the proposed roadmap has a range of time values, where the time ranges are determined by variable-resolution partitioning of the time space. An ordered pair of nodes is connected by a directed link within a time region if any combination of their velocity and time values is within the acceptable range of the nodes and produces a trajectory satisfying a set of safety constraints. In this manner, a possible trajectory, with transit time, connecting an arbitrary starting node and destination node is obtained by applying a graph search technique on the proposed roadmap. The proposed method is demonstrated through simulations.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	None
Innovation of handling systems in the world container ports and their terminals	2013	Transport Means - Proceedings of the International Conference	Sea transport has undergone distinctive changes for the last decades as the result of cargo containerization. Some world container ports have implemented new ways how to increase their throughput so that they could transfer more containers. Automation of handling systems, technological innovation of handling equipment including spreaders belong to the most often ways how to do it. The author of this article focused on these ways and compared them according to various criteria.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	8	Transportation	Automated container terminals,Automated guided vehicles,Container gantry cranes,Double or triple spreaders,Twin lift container spreaders
Development of the robust positioning system in weather disturbance based on geometric landmark	2013	Journal of Robotics and Mechatronics	We have developed a sensor system that can simultaneously detect the travel position and attitude of a mobile robot. The developed sensor system consists of magnet sensors and N landmarks set up on the road. The N landmarks, made of steel plate, are set up in the shape of an N on the road. The magnet sensors accurately detect the center of a steel plate and calculate the center of the N landmark and the attitude of the mobile robot. The sensor system realizes detection that is robust against lift off variation and deposition (soil, water, snow, etc.) on the steel plate. We have confirmed the validity of the sensor system through a travel experiment involving a mobile robot on which the sensor system is mounted.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Geometric landmark,Magnet sensor,Mobile robot
Producer's behavior analysis in an uncertain bicriteria AGV-based flexible jobshop manufacturing system with expert system	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Here, an approach for finding an optimal path in a flexible jobshop manufacturing system considering two criteria of time and cost is proposed. A network is configured in which the nodes are considered to be the shops with arcs representing the paths among the shops. An automated guided vehicle functions as a material handling device through the manufacturing network. To account for uncertainty, time is considered to be a triangular fuzzy number and apply an expert system to infer the cost. The expert system based on fuzzy rule backpropagation network to configure the rules for estimating the cost under uncertainty is proposed. A multiple linear regression model is applied to analyze the rules and find the effective rules for cost estimation. The objective is to find a path minimizing an aggregate weighted unscaled time and cost criteria. A fuzzy dynamic programming approach is presented for computing a shortest path in the network. Then, a comprehensive economic and reliability analysis is worked out on the obtained paths to find the optimal producer's behavior. Finally, an application of the model is illustrated by a numerical example. The results show the effectiveness of our approach for finding an optimal path in a manufacturing system under uncertainty.  2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Expert system,Flexible jobshop,Fuzzy systems,Producer's behavior
Decision-making in conceptual AGV systems design using simulation-based optimization	2013	11th International Industrial Simulation Conference 2013, ISC 2013	In order to shorten the development lead-time and enable the evaluation of many alternative conceptual scenarios, the use of aggregated modeling techniques is required. On the other hand, it is believed that well-informed decision making in conceptual production systems development can be elevated to a new level through the application of multi-objective optimization together with techniques for post-optimality analysis and Visualization of high-dimensional data. An industrial case study regarding the conceptual design of an AGV system has been carried out to evaluate the usefulness of such a combined methodology. The case study, based on a real-world industrial decision-making problem, demonstrates how knowledge can be extracted from optimization data in order to support decision-making which cannot be easily done with other industrial practices.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	3	Modeling and Simulation	AGV simulation,Decision-making,Innovization,Multi-objective optimization,Visualization
Architectural design of an Autonomous Decentralized System for controlling heterogeneous function multi-robots	2013	2013 International Symposium on Micro-NanoMechatronics and Human Science, MHS 2013	This paper presents the architectural design of an Autonomous Decentralized System (ADS) for controlling heterogeneous function multi-robots which are belong to Wheeled Mobile Robots (WMRs). The heterogeneous function multi-robots are fully automated vehicles that are able to transport goods within varies functions in a complex environment. To cope with new and future system requirements such as flexibility and openness, we have applied a distributed planning system for developing decentralized control architecture for multi-robots system. In this paper, we give an overview of the software architecture of ADS and we zoom in on two specific concern: Self-generated action sequence and function complement. We discuss the evaluation of the software architecture and test results obtained from realistic simulations and an experiment system that we have developed.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Heuristic algorithms for constructing transporter pools in container terminals	2013	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	In port container terminals, containers are transported between vessels and storage blocks by transporters. To improve the utilization of transporters and the operational efficiency of container terminals, the pooling strategy is widely applied, and transporters in the same pool are shared by a group of quay cranes (QCs). This paper compares various strategies for constructing the pools: one pool for each QC, one pool for all the QCs deployed to each vessel, one pool for all the QCs for multiple adjacent vessels, and one pool for all the operating QCs in the terminal. Various heuristic algorithms (HAs) to construct pools of transporters are suggested and evaluated in terms of the total delay time of QC operation and the total travel distance of transporters. In addition, opportunities for dual-command-cycle operation are analyzed for each of these heuristic rules by using different data sets of QC operations. Various scenarios of QC operation are generated, and the HAs are compared in terms of their performance through a simulation study.  2000-2011 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	9	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Container terminal,dispatching,heuristic algorithm,operations research,scheduling,transportation
Multi-agent simulation for concept of cellular transport system in intralogistics	2013	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2013.In recent years, the importance of flexible solutions and new challenging requirements in the field of intralogistics has increased because of changeability in dynamic and uncertain environment. The Cellular Transport System that aims to cope with these new requirements provides an efficient way to increase the flexibility and changeability of intralogistics. In this paper, we propose a multi-agent simulation framework for Cellular Transport Systems that is an application of Swarm Intelligence to control the autonomous vehicles’ behavior. The paper discusses how we apply situated agent-based simulation as a tool for modeling and implementing a decentralized control of vehicle swarm. Furthermore, we aim to optimize the suitable number of vehicles used within a warehouse system. The simulated model provides an environment in order to study problems and performance issues of the vehicle operations.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Germany	1	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	None
A multi-objective programming method for vehicle dispatching in container terminal	2013	Information Technology Journal	It is a fundamental decision making process in container terminals to allocate container transporting works among vehicles. Several categories of methods such as mathematical programming, queuing theory, network models, or Markov decision making as well as heuristics are employed in the research. In this study a multi-objective programming method is proposed to resolve the problem in container terminal. The objective is the minimization of the total working time of the vehicles as well as the associated total cost of the travel. Then a genetic algorithm is developed to resolve the problem. Numerical tests are carried out and the results show the effectiveness and feasibility of the algorithm.  2013 Asian Network for Scientific Information.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Container,Generic algorithm,Multi-objective programming,Quay side transport
Scheduling reefer mechanics at container terminals	2013	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	This paper discusses the scheduling of reefer mechanics at container terminals. Reefer mechanics plug and unplug reefer containers such that due times are met. We outline the resulting scheduling problem and two simple heuristics. Subsequently, we present a simulation model to analyze the scheduling methods and the reefer-related processes in a realistic dynamic framework. Some results from the simulation experiments are also presented. They demonstrate the applicability of the heuristic and the use of the simulation model in practice. The simulation study was carried out for a real container terminal in the port of Hamburg, Germany.  2012 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	15	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Case study,Container terminal,Heuristic,Reefer,Scheduling,Simulation
Intelligent warehouse product position optimization by applying a multi-criteria tool	2013	Communications in Computer and Information Science	The operational optimization process applied to warehouses can lead to cost reductions by means of the correct positioning of the products. The definition of the product localization will determine the distance to be traveled to handle the materials and directly impact on warehousing costs. In this context, this article focuses on the positioning optimization of finished products in intelligent warehouses, which allows reducing the distance traveled and the order fulfillment time. The Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) was used for the optimization process. This technique consists in hierarchizing the products analyzed by employing pair wise comparisons through the judgment of their characteristics (size, fragility and weight). A simulated intelligent warehouse environment was used to analyze the results of allocation of the product based on AHP tool, where task were distributed for AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicle). As a result, a better positioning of the products and a reduction in the operation time of material handling were achieved.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	2	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	AGV,AHP,Intelligent warehouses optimization,Seasonal demand
Control of self-organizing formations autonomous agents using velocity potential fields for material transfer	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Mobile robot formations differ in accordance to the mission, environment and robot abilities. In the case of decentralized control, the ability to achieve the shapes of these formations needs to be built in the controllers of each autonomous robot. In this paper is investigated self-organizing formations control for material transfer, as an alternative to Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs). Leader-follower approach is applied for controllers design to drive the robots toward the goal. The results confirm the ability of velocity potential approach for motion control of both self-organizing formations.  2013 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Decentralized control,Leader-follower approach,Mobile robots,Self-organizing formations,Velocity potential
A fuzzy-genetic algorithm for a re-entrant job shop scheduling problem with sequence-dependent setup times	2013	13th Iranian Conference on Fuzzy Systems, IFSC 2013	Job shop scheduling problem (JSP) with sequence-dependent setup time and re-entrant work flows is considered in this paper. This is an NP-hard problem which needs to be solved using (meta)heuristic methods (e.g. genetic algorithm (GA)), especially for relatively large instances. However, the GA may face premature convergence (i.e. converging to a local optima), especially for rough solution spaces. In this paper, a fuzzy genetic algorithm (FGA) is proposed to overcome this issue. The objective is to minimize makespan of such problem. Research results show that the FGA outperforms the standard GA and offers better solutions in the same number of runs.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Control and Systems Engineering	fuzzy-genetic algorithm,genetic algorithm,job shop scheduling,re-entrant work flows,sequence-dependent setup time
One-step look-ahead maximally permissive deadlock control of AMS by using petri nets	2013	Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems	It is desired that a deadlock control policy for automated manufacturing systems (AMS) is maximally permissive. However, its tractability issue remains open, and this work addresses this important issue. It models AMS with a resource-oriented Petri net (ROPN) and presents a necessary and sufficient condition under which there exists a one-step look-ahead maximally permissive control policy for deadlock avoidance in AMS. It further identifies some conditions under which a one-step look-ahead maximally permissive deadlock control policy exists for a single-capacity system. The conditions can be conveniently examined by using the developed ROPN model.  2013 ACM.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	36	Software,Hardware and Architecture	Automated manufacturing systems (AMS),Deadlock avoidance,Discrete event systems,Petri net,Supervisory control
Towards optimal supervisory controller synthesis of stochastic nondeterministic discrete-event systems	2013	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	We synthesize supervisory controllers for discrete- Time stochastic discrete-event systems with unrestricted nonde- Terminism by employing data-based control requirements and by abstracting from the stochastic aspects of the original system. This approach enables the use of standard synthesis tools, like Supremica, whereas the probabilistic behavior of the supervised system can be analyzed by using probabilistic model checking, e.g., by employing PRISM. We develop a process theory that provides for the appropriate abstractions of the probabilistic timed behavior of the original system and for compositional model transformation from Supremica to PRISM. We illustrate the proposed framework on a case study dealing with movement coordination of automated guided vehicles in pipeless plants.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	None
Memory-saving memetic computing for path-following mobile robots	2013	Applied Soft Computing Journal	In this paper, a recently proposed single-solution memetic computing optimization method, namely three stage optimization memetic exploration (3SOME), is used to implement a self-tuning PID controller on board of a mobile robot. More specifically, the optimal PID parameters minimizing a measure of the following error on a path-following operation are found, in real-time, during the execution of the control loop. The proposed approach separates the control and the optimization tasks, and uses simple operating system primitives to share data. The system is able to react to modifications of the trajectory, thus endowing the robot with intelligent learning and self-configuration capabilities. A popular commercial robotic tool, i.e. the Lego Mindstorms robot, has been used for testing and implementing this system. Tests have been performed both in simulations and in a real Lego robot. Experimental results show that, compared to other online optimization techniques and to empiric PID tuning procedures, 3SOME guarantees a robust and efficient control behaviour, thus representing a valid alternative for self-tuning control systems.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	23	Software	Computational intelligence optimization,Memetic computing,Mobile robotics,Path-following,Real-time optimization
Design and implementation robots for industrial and medical applications	2013	2013 International Conference on Current Trends in Engineering and Technology, ICCTET 2013	Path Finding Robot or BEAM (Biological Electronic Aesthetic Mechanical) robot is an obstacle sensing robot, an application of embedded systems that changes its direction of motion when it senses the presence of obstacle in its path. It also acts as an Automatic Guided Vehicle (industrial applications) to handle materials. The obstacle is sensed by means of an infra red sensor placed in front end of the robot. When the obstacle is sensed the stepper motor changes the direction of motion of the robot as per the program embedded in it. The path is pre programmed as we know where we use the robot, the change in direction of motion when the obstacle is sensed can also be preprogrammed. We used ATMEL microcontroller (ATMEL 89c51) for controlling the robot. A servo motor is used for the motion of the robot. [1][2][3]The speed of robot's movement can be adjusted by using an appropriate gear set. The robot can be used to transport materials in hazardous environment where it is difficult for human beings to carry that operation. This can be modified slightly and it can be used as a vehicle for aiding blind people. Technology is revolutionizing the medical field with the creation of robotic devices and complex imaging. Though these developments have made operations much less invasive, robotic systems have their own disadvantages that prevent them from replacing surgeons. Robotic surgery can be further divided into three subcategories depending on the degree of surgeon interaction during the procedure, supervisory-controlled, telesurgical, and shared-control.  IEEE 2013.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Management of Technology and Innovation	Atmel 89c51,Embedded systems,Industrial applications,Robot surgery
Implementation of orienteering methods for advanced autonomous robot	2013	Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science	The autonomous robots are very popular research field. The scientist make effort to do autonomous robot, which will able to translate from start position to goal and there carry out mission. The missions are diverse. It can be simple mission such make a beep, or more complicated mission such detect toxic gas or bomb disposal. This article proposes robot prototype, which is intended for roboorienteering competition, where enthusiasts try to reach several goals in as short time as possible. This article presents robot control system, implementation and hardware resources of robot prototype. The navigation strategy is also mentioned.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	2	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	AutoCAD extension,Autonomous robot,Map design,Navigation,Object oriented programing
Empirical effectiveness evaluation of spectra-based fault localization on automated program repair	2013	Proceedings - International Computer Software and Applications Conference	Researchers have proposed many spectra-based fault localization (SBFL) techniques in the past decades. Existing studies evaluate the effectiveness of these techniques from the viewpoint of developers, and have drawn some important conclusions through either empirical study or theoretical analysis. In this paper, we present the first study on the effectiveness of SBFL techniques from the viewpoint of fully automated debugging including the program repair of automation, for which the activity of automated fault localization is necessary. We assess the accuracy of fault localization according to the repair effectiveness in the automated repair process guided by the localization technique. Our experiment on 14 popular SBFL techniques with 11 subject programs shipping with real-life field failures presents the evidence that some conclusions drawn in prior studies do not hold in our experiment. Based on experimental results, we suggest that Jaccard should be used with high priority before some more effective SBFL techniques specially proposed for automated program repair occur in the future.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Software,Computer Science Applications	Automated debugging,Automated program repair,Spectra-based fault localization
On the active control properties of branching nodes in complex conveyor systems	2013	Proceedings - 2013 International Conference on Mechatronic Sciences, Electric Engineering and Computer, MEC 2013	2013 IEEE.This paper describes a new distributed model based on the active control properties at each crossing or branching nodes in the large scale, complicated and networked conveyor systems. Based on the RFID and routing technologies, this model controls the unit-load transfer channel/branches by actively executing and selecting conflict-free & optimal routing in the embedded devices at each branching nodes and, thus, achieved the distributed control of method based on each active control nodes. With this control model, we can achieve the control of complicated unit-load conveying systems of any size, and provide convenient scalability for the system simultaneously.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Active control,Conveyor system,RFID,Routing
Development of a driver's intention determining algorithm for a steering system based collision avoidance system	2013	SAE Technical Papers	In this paper, we suggest a new control algorithm for driver's intention judgment for collision avoidance using a steering system to improve the emergency steering system performance. Most of the collision avoidance systems proposed by previous works relied only on the braking systems. Recently the automotive industry began to consider ways to avoid collisions using the steering system. It is not hard to imagine that any steering-assisted collision avoidance algorithm must judge a driver's intention for lane change before any attempt at longitudinal avoidance is made. To improve the accuracy of driver's intention judgment and thus the performance of the emergency steering system, we developed a new algorithm based on on-center handling characteristics generated by the steering system. The performance of the proposed driver's intention algorithm was validated in the test of real vehicles as well as in the SILS environment. It was shown that the driver's intention index developed in this study accurately represented the actual level of driver's intention involved in the lane change. Copyright  2013 SAE International and Copyright  2013 TSAE.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Modular reachability analysis of petri nets for multiagent systems	2013	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	Agent-based or multiagent-based methods have been used to solve a wide variety of problems. Multiagent nets are a variant of extended Petri nets, and they are a formal modeldescription language for multiagent systems. A system of interest can be simulated, and its properties can be checked by using a multiagent-net model. Reachability analysis is a powerful analysis method to check the reachability property of a system, but unfortunately, the complexity of reachability checking for general Petri nets is EXPSPACE-hard. Modular Petri nets have been proposed to describe discrete-event systems in a modular way. This paper performs a reachability analysis of multiagent nets by using modular Petri nets, proposes a set of transformation rules from a fundamental class of multiagent nets into modular Petri nets, and proves the isomorphism of the state spaces of the multiagent nets and of the generated modular Petri nets. Results of our empirical evaluations show the effectiveness of the proposed method. 2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	8	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Large-scale systems,Modular analysis,Multiagent systems,Petri nets,Reachability analysis
The research of GPS/DR fusion simulation based on UKF	2013	Shenyang Jianzhu Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Shenyang Jianzhu University (Natural Science)	The article aimed at studying the GPS(Global Positioning System)and DR(Dead Reckoning)integrated navigation fusion technology, applying it in the AGV(Automated Guided Vehicle)navigation, making AGV obtained more stable navigation data. This article has constructed federal kalman filter which was suited for GPS/DR integrated navigation system, used MATLAB simulation modeling, outputted simulation results and analyzed the simulation results to verify the feasibility of federal kalman filter. The author used randn()function as a random number generator and analyzed federal kalman filtering fusion algorithm based on MATLAB software. Innovatively putting forward system compensation coefficient G, the filtering effect can be made to artificial regulation. In the MATLAB simulation model(out of 50 m), GPS error range is 6 mwith signal greatly fluctuating. DR navigation maximum error is 1.8 m, whose result doesn't convergence. GPS/DR integrated navigation system error is 0.2 m with signal fluctuating stationary and the result convergence. The result of simulation indicates that this method on the premise of system precision, the system fault tolerance and work reliability is improved. GPS/DR integrated navigation system overcomes the problem of GPS signal cover and makes full use of the short-term high precision with independent positioning feature of DR.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	AGV,Federal kalman filter,GPS/DR integrated navigation system,MATLAB simulation technology,System compensation coefficient
Optimisation for job scheduling at automated container terminals using genetic algorithm	2013	Computers and Industrial Engineering	Abstract This paper presents a genetic algorithm (GA)-based optimisation approach to improve container handling operations at the Patrick AutoStrad container terminal located in Brisbane Australia. In this paper we focus on scheduling for container transfers and encode the problem using a two-part chromosome approach which is then solved using a modified genetic algorithm. In simulation experiments, the performance of the GA-based approach and a sequential job scheduling method are evaluated and compared with different scheduling scenarios. The experimental results show that the GA-based approach can find better solutions which improve the overall performance. The GA-based approach has been implemented in the terminal scheduling system and the live testing results show that the GA-based approach can reduce the overall time-related cost of container transfers at the automated container terminal. Crown Copyright  2012 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	34	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated seaport container terminals,Autonomous straddle carrier,Genetic algorithms,Modelling,Scheduling
Nonlinear model predictive tracking control for nonholonomic agv based on bio-inspired neurodynamics	2013	ASME International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition, Proceedings (IMECE)	Considering nonholonomic constraint and input saturation of the Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) kinematic model, in the present work the nonlinear model predictive control was applied and a combined tracking/stability control approach was proposed. In addition, the bio-inspired neurodynamics model was applied to generate smooth forward velocities so that the sharp velocity jump can be overcome by the proposed controller. Specifically, an optimal sub-control method consisting of cost function and constraints were obtained based on the model predictive control principle, and a terminal sub-control method was designed to make the control system stable. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed control strategy was demonstrated through comparison studies with simulations. Copyright  2013 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Bio-inspired neurodynamics,Model predictive control,Stability,Trajectory tracking
Design of near-minimum time path planning algorithm for autonomous driving	2013	Transactions of the Korean Society of Mechanical Engineers, A	This paper presents a near-minimum time path planning algorithm for autonomous driving. The problem of near-minimum time path planning is an optimization problem in which it is necessary to take into account not only the geometry of the circuit but also the dynamics of the vehicle. The path planning algorithm consists of a candidate path generation and a velocity optimization algorithm. The candidate path generation algorithm calculates the compromises between the shortest path and the path that allows the highest speeds to be achieved. The velocity optimization algorithm calculates the lap time of each candidate considering the vehicle driving performance and tire friction limit. By using the calculated path and velocity of each candidate, we calculate the lap times and search for a near-minimum time path. The proposed algorithm was evaluated via computer simulation using CarSim and Matlab/Simulink.  2013 The Korean Society of Mechanical Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Mechanical Engineering	Autonomous Driving,Model Free Control,Near-Minimum Time Path Planning,Optimal Preview Control,Path Optimization,Path Tracking
Optimal vehicle dynamics control for combined longitudinal and lateral autonomous vehicle guidance	2013	2013 European Control Conference, ECC 2013	This contribution proposes a model-based predictive control approach for combined longitudinal and lateral vehicle guidance. The controller, which has been designed for an automotive collision avoidance system, aims at following a desired evasion trajectory at the handling limits. Thereby, the trajectory following problem is decomposed in a path following and a velocity trajectory tracking problem using the wheel steering angle and the longitudinal acceleration as control inputs. There are two major advantages of this approach. First, the a priori knowledge of the evasion trajectory is explicitly incorporated into the computation of control inputs. Second, the combined transmission of longitudinal and lateral tire forces is considered in the sense of an integrated vehicle dynamics control approach. Experimental results show the potential of the introduced control scheme.  2013 EUCA.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	40	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Push and rotate: Cooperative multi-agent path planning	2013	12th International Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems 2013, AAMAS 2013	In cooperative multi-agent path planning, agents must move between start and destination locations and avoid collisions with each other. Many recent algorithms require some sort of restriction in order to be complete, except for the Push and Swap algorithm [7], which claims only to require two unoccupied locations in a connected graph. Our analysis shows, however, that for certain types of instances Push and Swap may fail to find a solution. We present the Push and Rotate algorithm, an adaptation of the Push and Swap algorithm, and prove that by fixing the latter's shortcomings, we obtain an algorithm that is complete for the class of instances with two unoccupied locations in a connected graph. In addition, we provide experimental results that show our algorithm to perform competitively on a set of benchmark problems from the video game industry. Copyright  2013, International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (www.ifaamas.org). All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	42	Artificial Intelligence	Distributed problem solving,Planning
Development of solar hydrogen energy for mobile robots	2013	Proceedings - 2013 6th Robotics and Mechatronics Conference, RobMech 2013	Mobile robots have demonstrated their versatility in a wide range of applications and situations. However, they are limited due to their reliance on traditional energy sources such as electricity and petroleum which cannot always provide a convenient energy source in all situations. Moreover, in a more eco-conscious modern world, these energy sources, which require the burning of a fuel in order to generate the output of electricity, are increasingly being shunned in favour of cleaner alternative energy sources such as solar energy. This study seeks to demonstrate the viability of an alternative, renewable, energy source for the operation of mobile robots. For the purposes of this study, an Industrial Mobile Robot Platform (IMRP) was designed that would run on solar power making use of an array of photovoltaic panels. In order to overcome the limitations of solar power, which is dependent on the availability of sunshine and thus cannot provide a constant source of energy, an energy storage medium was employed making use of metal hydrides. The advantage of this medium is that it is able to store energy in the form of hydrogen produced from solar energy, thus providing a reliable and constant energy source to power the IMRP. The IMRP was fabricated to run on hydrogen fuel cells using a low-pressure metal hydride hydrogen storage system that can store more energy on board than current conventional energy storage methods. The results show that solar energy can indeed provide a viable renewable energy source to power IMRPs, and that its limitations due to solar being an inconstant energy source can be overcome by the use of energy storage materials in the form of metal hydrides that store energy produced from solar power, and thereby satisfying the constant demand for energy.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Energy,Fuel cell,Hydrogen,Mobile Robot,Solar
A decentralized allocation algorithm for distributed supply chains with critical tasks	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper considers the problem of allocating tasks to a network of interconnected nodes in a supply chain, considering functional heterogeneity, resource constraints, and critical tasks whose assignment has to be considered mandatory. The proposed approach is an auction-based algorithm which uses a consensus algorithm to obtain a conflict-free solution fulfilling all the constraints. Numerical simulations and a comparison with a centralized optimization algorithm are performed to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.  IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Agent-based system,Decentralized task allocation
Petri net modeling and cycle-time analysis of dual-arm cluster tools with wafer revisiting	2013	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	There are wafer fabrication processes in cluster tools that require wafer revisiting. If a swap strategy is applied to dual-arm cluster tools handling wafer revisiting, a three-wafer periodical process is formed with three wafers completed in each period. Such a period contains three cycles in a revisiting process and three cycles in a nonrevisiting one. Hence, analysis and scheduling of such tools become very complicated. In this paper, a Petri net (PN) model is developed to describe their operations. Based on it, it is found that, if a swap strategy is applied, such tools are always in a transient state. A systematic method is then presented to analyze their performance. With the help of the proposed PN model, this work, for the first time, derives the optimality conditions of three-wafer period scheduling. Industrial application examples are given to show the results.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	135	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tool,Discrete event system,Petri nets (PNs),Scheduling,Semiconductor manufacturing.
Robotic ultrasound guidance by B-scan plane positioning control	2013	Procedia CIRP	Ultrasound is indispensable imaging modality for clinical diagnosis such as fetus assessment and heart assessment. Moreover, many ultrasound applications for image guided procedures have been proposed and attempted because US is less invasive, less cost, and high portability. However, to obtain US images, a US imaging probe has to be held manually and contacted with a patient body. To address the issue, we have proposed a robotic system for automatic probe scanning. The system consists of a probe scanning robot, navigation software, an optical tracking device, and an ultrasound imaging device. The robot, that is six degrees of freedom, is composed of a frame mechanism and a probe holding mechanism. The frame mechanism has six pneumatic actuators to reduce its weight, and the probe holding mechanism has one DC motor. The probe holding mechanism is connected with the pneumatic actuators using wires. Moreover, the robot can control the position and orientation of the B-scan plane based on the transformation between an optical tracker attached to the US probe and the B-scan plane. The navigation system, which is connected with the tracking device and an US imaging device via a VGA cable, computes the relative position between the positions of a therapeutic tool and the B-scan plane, and sends it to the robot. Then the position of the B-scan plane can be controlled based on the tool position. Also, the navigation system displays the plane with a texture of an actual echogram and a tool model three-dimensionally to monitor the relative position of the tool and the B-scan plane. To validate the basic system performance, phantom tests were conducted. The phantom was made of gelatin and poly(ethylene glycol). In the tests, the needle was inserted into the phantom, and the B-scan plane was controlled to contain a tracked needle in real-time. From the results, the needle was continuously visualized during needle insertion. Therefore, it is confirmed that the system has a great potential for automatic US image guided procedures.  2013 The Authors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Navigation system,Pneumatic actuator,Ultrasound guidance,US probe scanning,Wire-driven robot
UAV path planning for multitarget tracking with experiments ?	2013	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	We apply an optimization-based path planning framework for an unmanned aerial vehicle. The purpose of the path planning is to monitor a set of moving surface objects. The algorithm provides mobile sensor trajectories that are feasible with respect to nonholonomic vehicle dynamics. The objective of the resulting optimal control problem is to minimize the uncertainty of the objects, represented as the trace of the state estimation error covariance. The dynamic optimization problem is discretized into a large-scale nonlinear programming (NLP) problem using the direct transcription method known as simultaneous collocation. A field experiment illustrates the approach.  IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	4	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Mathematical programming,Multitarget tracking,Objects,Path planning
The framework of synchronizing material supply approaches with facility layout design for mixed model assembly line	2013	Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science	facility layout problems (FLPs) are common problem in several manufacturing industries because FLPs have a great impact on production operations. Efficient manufacturing facility layout design could lead to lower manufacturing costs. Therefore, many sub problems should be addressed and considered from design stage. This research proposes a new framework for mix-model assembly line (MAL) manufacturing facility design. Four key objectives to evaluate layout performance and synchronize designs' evaluation processes in order to create optimized manufacturing facility layout are also discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Automotive,Facility layout design,Material flow path design,Material supply design,Shop design
Research on integrated scheduling model for handling operation system of dry bulk cargo port	2013	Information Technology Journal	In this study, we integrated schedule the port operations based on the overall ideology to achieve the global optimization of the port operation. Firstly, determine the integration strategy of the dry bulk cargo port handling system by analyzing the work flow and integration principle; secondly, the integration scheduling model of this system is developed; finally, a genetic algorithm is described which is applied to solve a spectrum of numerical examples in order to illustrate the model.  2013 Asian Network for Scientific Information.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Dry bulk cargo,Genetic algorithm,Integrated scheduling,Port handling operation
Self-adaptive road detection method based on vision and cluster analysis	2013	Proceedings - 2013 2nd International Symposium on Instrumentation and Measurement, Sensor Network and Automation, IMSNA 2013	A self-adaptive road detection method based on vision and cluster analysis is proposed for automatic guided vehicles. Based on the K-means algorithm, an automatic sample selection method is developed - while moving, the vehicle automatically selects new road samples and takes cluster analysis at a specified time interval to get the latest road features. Verified by experiments on campus roads, the proposed method is adaptive to the changes of road conditions. The influence of illumination, shadow, and road texture to the detection results is effectively reduced. Much less manual operations are needed compared to the traditional approaches based on learning algorithms.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	Automatic sample selection,Cluster analysis,Road detection
The discrete event simulation framework DESMO-J: Review, comparision to other frameworks and latest development	2013	Proceedings - 27th European Conference on Modelling and Simulation, ECMS 2013	This review paper focusses on DESMO-J, a comprehensive and stable Java-based open-source simulation library.DESMO-J is recommended in numerous academic publications for implementing discrete event simulation models for various applications. The library was integrated into several commercial software products. DESMO-J's functional range and usability is continuously improved by the Department of Informatics of the University of Hamburg (Germany). The paper summarizes DESMO-J's core functionality and important design decisions. It also compares DESMO-J to other discrete event simulation frameworks. Furthermore, latest developments and new opportunities are addressed in more detail. These include a) improvements relating to the quality and applicability of the software itself, e.g. a port to .NET, b) optional extension packages like visualization libraries and c) new components facilitating a more powerful and flexible simulation logic, like adaption to real time or a compact representation of production chains and similar queuing systems. Finally, the paper exemplarily describes how to apply DESMO-J to harbor logistics and business process modeling, thus providing insights into DESMO-J practice.  ECMS Webjøm Rekdalsbakken.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	14	Modeling and Simulation	.NET,Discrete event simulation,Java,Open source,Simulation framework,Simulation software,Visualization
Two-machine flow shop scheduling of polyurethane foam production	2013	International Journal of Production Economics	This paper studies a two-machine flow shop scheduling problem with a supporting precedence relation. The model originates from a real production context of a chemical factory that produces foam-rubber products. We extend the traditional two-machine flow shop by dividing the operations into two categories: supporting tasks and regular jobs. In the model, several different compositions of foam rubber can be mixed at the foam blooming stage, and products are processed at the manufacturing stage. Each job (product) on the second machine cannot start until its supporting tasks (parts) on the first machine are all finished and the second machine is not occupied. The objective is to find a schedule that minimizes the total job completion time. The studied problem is strongly NP-hard. In this paper, we propose a branch-and-bound algorithm incorporating a lower bound and two dominance rules. We also design a simple heuristic and an iterated local search (ILS) algorithm to derive approximate solutions. The performances of the proposed algorithms are examined through computational experiments.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Branch-and-bound algorithm,Flow shop,Heuristic,Iterative local search,Polyurethane foam,Precedence constraints
Self-localisation of indoor mobile robots using multi-hypotheses and a matching algorithm	2013	Mechatronics	This paper proposes a new, fast and computationally light weight methodology to pinpoint a robot in a structured scenario. The localisation algorithm performs a tracking routine to pinpoint the robot's pose as it moves in a known map, without the need for preparing the environment, with artificial landmarks or beacons. To perform such tracking routine, it is necessary to know the initial position of the vehicle. This paper describes the tracking routine and presents a solution to pinpoint that initial position in an autonomous way, using a multi-hypotheses strategy. This paper presents experimental results on the performance of the proposed method applied in two different scenarios: (1) in the Middle Size Soccer Robotic League (MSL), using artificial vision data from an omnidirectional robot and (2) in indoor environments using 3D data from a tilting Laser Range Finder of a differential drive robot (called RobVigil). This paper presents results comparing the proposed methodology and an Industrial Positioning System (the Sick NAV350), commonly used to locate Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) with a high degree of accuracy in industrial environments.  2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	13	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Artificial vision,Matching,Multi-hypotheses,Robot localisation,Tilting laser range finder
Practical design considerations for contactless power transfer quadrature pick-ups	2013	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	This paper presents a practical prototype of a recent multiphase (quadrature) pick-up suited for contactless power transfer systems. The investigation is based on a commercial pick-up design for automatic guided vehicle systems and is evaluated in terms of its ability to extend the allowable tolerance of this pick-up receiver to the track while achieving the desired output power profile with good efficiency, without compromising normal operation. Practical aspects of the design are discussed along with means by which magnetic design and electronic compensation can be used to improve performance.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	82	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Contactless power transfer,magnetically coupled system
Implementation of SSM to lateral guided steering vehicle with body fixed high-speed camera	2013	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	This paper proposes an SSM (Sensor Steering Mechanism) for a lateral guided vehicle with an articulated body. Authors demonstrated a simple lateral guiding method SSM for front wheel steer type, the reverse phase four-wheel steer type and rear wheel steer type vehicles. SSM presents a stable lateral guiding performance for automated vehicle that following a straight and curved path created by a guideway. This paper proposes a simplified SSM to remove the following servo system for a rotating camera. The simplified SSM is applied to 1/25 scale articulated dump truck that was developed and discussed in the previous paper. The stability of the simplified SSM is discussed. Experimental and simulation results show stable movement and performance of the proposed method. Copyright  2013 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	None
Formation control of multiple robots using constrained motion formulation	2013	2013 9th Asian Control Conference, ASCC 2013	This paper presents a novel approach for formation control of multiple robots by representing the desired formation as motion constraints and transferring the problem to cooperative hybrid position/force control of the robots. The desired formation is achieved by controlling the virtual forces of the robots induced on the constraint manifolds. It is shown that a simple PD plus virtual force feedback controller yields asymptotic stability in the leader-follower formation regulation of multiple robots. To avoid planning desired trajectories for all the robots in the formation tracking problem, a new concept called reference propagation is proposed to propagate the desired motion of the group leader to all the other robots. Based on this new concept, a new controller is also developed for formation tracking of multiple robots in a leader-follower formation. The stability of the controllers is rigorously proved by Lyapunov theory. Simulations were performed to validate the proposed approaches.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Formation Control,Multiple Robots,Virtual Force
Position-based visual servoing for pallet picking by an articulated-frame-steering hydraulic mobile machine	2013	IEEE Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics, RAM - Proceedings	This paper addresses a visual servoing problem for a mobile manipulator. Specifically, it investigates pallet picking by using visual feedback using a fork lift truck. A manipulator with limited degrees of freedom and differential constraint mobility together with large dimensions of the machine require reliable visual feedback (pallet pose) from relatively large distances. To address this challenge, we propose a control architecture composed of three main sub-systems: (1) pose estimation: body and fork pose estimation in the pallet frame; (2) path planning: from the current pose to the origin (pallet frame); and (3) feedback motion control. In this architecture, the pallet becomes the local earth fixed frame in which poses are resolved and plans are formulated. Choosing the pallet as the origin provides a natural framework for fusing the wheel odometry/inertial sensor data with vision, and planning is required only once the pallet is detected for the first time (because the target is always the origin). Visual pallet detection is non-real-time and unreliable, especially owing to large distances, unfavorable vibrations, and fast steering. To address these issues, we introduce a simple and efficient method that integrates the vision output with odometry and realizes smooth and non-stop transition from global navigation to visual servoing. Real-world implementation on a small-sized forklift truck demonstrates the efficacy of the proposed visual servoing architecture.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	10	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Predictive control of container flows in maritime intermodal terminals	2013	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	Predictive control is investigated as a paradigm for the allocation of handling resources to transfer containers inside intermodal terminals. The decisions on the allocation of such resources are derived from the minimization of performance cost functions that measure the lay times of carriers over a forward horizon basing on a model of the container flows. Such a model allows one to take advantage of the information available in real time on the arrival or departure of carriers with the corresponding amounts of containers scheduled for loading or unloading. The resulting strategy of resource allocation can be regarded as a feedback control law and is obtained by solving nonlinear programming problems online. Since the computation may be too expensive, a technique based on the idea of approximating offline such a law is proposed. The approximation is performed by using neural networks, which allow one to construct an approximate feedback controller and generate the corresponding online control actions with a negligible computational burden. The effectiveness of the approach is shown via simulations in a case study.  1993-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Container terminal management,neural networks,nonlinear programming,predictive control,resource allocation
Improvement of vision guided robotic accuracy using Kalman filter	2013	Computers and Industrial Engineering	This study addresses one of the most prevalent, yet difficult problems in vision calibration, namely, the accuracy of remote, vision-guided robotic control in tune with the notion of e-quality for manufacture (EQM). In all areas of robot work space, image distortion occurs due to imperfect lens curvatures, which in turn induces an inaccurate vision guidance. Non-uniform nature of image distortion is effectively rectified, using the Kalman Filtering technique. Consequently, the robotic positioning accuracy is significantly improved. In recent years, stringent quality standards and intense competition compelled many companies to adopt new, advanced technologies to further enhance their strategic competitiveness. EQM is an emergent technology better suited for today's fast-changing, zero-defect production environment. The proposed methodology has great potential for improving the product quality and operational efficiency of networked robotic production system, which has been vindicated by the statistical analysis.  2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	EQM,Kalman filter,Operational efficiency,Remote vision calibration
Maneuver-based vehicle guidance based on the conduct-by-wire principle	2013	Automotive Systems Engineering	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.Conduct-by-Wire (CbW) is an innovative vehicle guidance concept that shifts the vehicle control task from the stabilization level to the guidance level. Instead of continuous stabilization on a designated trajectory—using the conventional control elements for manual steering, braking and accelerating—a CbW vehicle is controlled by means of maneuver commands. This concept allows a maximum degree of automation, while—unlike fully automated concepts—still keeping the driver responsible for the vehicle guidance according to the 1968 Vienna Convention on Road Traffic. In this article a methodology for the technical feasibility assessment of the Conduct-by-Wire principle in the early concept phase is proposed. Starting at the system level with the development of the CbW system architecture the CbW functionality and a cooperative interaction concept—the gate concept—are stepwise concretized. Moreover, the driving situations this cooperative vehicle guidance concept has to cope with are systematically derived. These steps build the basis for analyzing whether the gate concept as a theoretical approach to cooperatively pass the decision points along the planned trajectory during the maneuver execution might also be suitable in practical use. The assessment is focused on analyzing the time available to the driver or the automation for the decision-making process. These studies at the system level build the basis for concretizing the functional development that is exemplarily shown for the determination of the requirements of the environment perception system. Following this systems engineering approach allows for handling the complexity and for a stepwise development. Furthermore, a decision on whether the realization of this innovative concept is worth can be made at different abstraction levels before a prototype system has to be built up.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	6	Engineering (all)	ADAS,Advanced driver assistance systems,Conduct-by-wire,Cooperative,Feasibility assessment,Highly automated,Maneuver-based,Vehicle guidance
Autonomous robot navigation based on the evolutionary multi-objective optimization of potential fields	2013	Engineering Optimization	This article presents the application of a new multi-objective evolutionary algorithm called RankMOEA to determine the optimal parameters of an artificial potential field for autonomous navigation of a mobile robot. Autonomous robot navigation is posed as a multi-objective optimization problem with three objectives: minimization of the distance to the goal, maximization of the distance between the robot and the nearest obstacle, and maximization of the distance travelled on each field configuration. Two decision makers were implemented using objective reduction and discrimination in performance trade-off. The performance of RankMOEA is compared with NSGA-II and SPEA2, including both decision makers. Simulation experiments using three different obstacle configurations and 10 different routes were performed using the proposed methodology. RankMOEA clearly outperformed NSGA-II and SPEA2. The robustness of this approach was evaluated with the simulation of different sensor masks and sensor noise. The scheme reported was also combined with the wavefront-propagation algorithm for global path planning.  2013 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	8	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	artificial potential fields,autonomous robot navigation,evolutionary multi-objective optimization,genetic algorithms
An integrated power consumption model for distributed systems	2013	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	In order to realize green ecosocieties, the total electric power consumption of computers and networks is required to be reduced. In applications on distributed systems, clients issue service requests to servers and then servers send replies to clients. Here, we discuss how much electric power a server consumes since the power consumption of a client is neglectable compared with a server. We classify applications into transaction- and communication-based ones. A server mainly consumes CPU resources to perform the transaction-based applications. On the other hand, a server consumes communication resources to transmit a large volume of data to a client in communication-based applications. In our previous studies, the power consumption laxity-based and extended power consumption-based algorithms are proposed to select one of servers so that the total power consumption of servers is reduced for transaction- and communication-based applications, respectively. However, most applications are mixed types, i.e., composed of both the transaction and communication processing modules. Hence, we consider the mixed types of applications in this paper. First, we integrate the power consumption models of transaction- and communication-based applications into a modified simple power consumption (MSPC) model of a server. Based on the MSPC model, we propose an algorithm to select one of servers for mixed types of applications so that the total power consumption of servers can be reduced. We show the power consumption of servers can be reduced in the algorithm through the simulation.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	61	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Digital ecosystems,distributed systems,energy-efficient selection algorithm,green IT technology,modified simple power consumption (MSPC) model,peer-to-peer (P2P) system,power consumption models
Egomotion estimation using binocular spatiotemporal oriented energy	2013	BMVC 2013 - Electronic Proceedings of the British Machine Vision Conference 2013	Camera egomotion estimation is concerned with the recovery of a camera's motion (e.g., instantaneous translation and rotation) as it moves through its environment. It has been demonstrated to be of both theoretical and practical interest. This paper documents a novel algorithm for egomotion estimation based on binocularly matched spatiotemporal oriented energy distributions. Basing the estimation on oriented energy measurements makes it possible to recover egomotion without the need to establish temporal correspondences or convert disparity into 3D world coordinates. The resulting algorithm has been realized in software and evaluated quantitatively on a novel laboratory dataset with groundtruth as well as qualitatively on both indoor and outdoor real-world datasets. Performance is evaluated relative to comparable alternative algorithms and shown to exhibit best overall performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	1	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
Controllable petri net-based implementation approach for motor control systems	2013	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	This paper presents a model-based implementation approach to realize a position servo control system for low-cost dc motors using a controllable Petri net (CrPN). The CrPN model inference engine is embedded inside the sensor node to form an autonomous agent, and the autonomous agent is further used to interpret and execute CrPN-based motor control models. The CrPN model can be evaluated to examine the properties of controllability and stability using reachability graphs before the model is deployed. The most important feature of the CrPN-based control approach is providing a feasible and low-cost solution without using any native code programming in microcontrollers. To evaluate the performance of our approach, proportional and proportional-integral position control schemes were both implemented using the CrPN approaches. The results from the Simulink simulations and the native code programming with C-language implementations were also provided for performance comparisons and validations.  1982-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous agents,autonomous sensor nodes,model-based implementations,motor controls,Petri nets (PNs)
System architectures for automated vehicle guidance concepts	2013	Automotive Systems Engineering	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.Vehicle automation features are becoming more and more important in the field of advanced driver assistance systems in order to increase the vehicle’s safety, comfort and economy. However, a possible risk involved with this development is to simply add vehicle automation functionalities to already existing electronic architectures, leading to an overload of human-machine interfaces, intransparent system borders and a constantly increasing overall system complexity. To overcome this driver-assistance dilemma, the research project PRORETA 3 aims to develop an integrated assistance approach by combining a virtual “Safety Corridor” function for accident prevention with the paradigm of cooperative and semi-automated vehicle automation. This chapter describes in detail the design process of an appropriate system architecture, which is an important factor for efficient system development. Relevant architecture requirements are presented and an overview is given of the state of technology of vehicle automation architectures within the field of advanced driver assistance systems and robotics. The chapter closes with a proposition for an exemplary behavior-based layered architecture design for a cooperative automation concept, which, as a novel feature, incorporates the human-machine interface as an integrated element of the architecture itself. Due to its modular approach, the proposed design offers the possibility to also incorporate different levels of vehicle automation and allows a flexible span of functional coverage.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	13	Engineering (all)	Behavior,Collision mitigation,Evaluation,Hierarchy,Human-machine interface,Modularity,Requirements analysis,Robotics,Safety corridor,System,V-model,Vehicle guidance,View
Highly automated driving on highways based on legal safety	2013	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	This paper discusses driving system design based on traffic rules. This allows fully automated driving in an environment with human drivers, without necessarily changing equipment on other vehicles or infrastructure. It also facilitates cooperation between the driving system and the host driver during highly automated driving. The concept, referred to as legal safety, is illustrated for highly automated driving on highways with distance keeping, intelligent speed adaptation, and lane-changing functionalities. Requirements by legal safety on perception and control components are discussed. This paper presents the actual design of a legal safety decision component, which predicts object trajectories and calculates optimal subject trajectories. System implementation on automotive electronic control units and results on vehicle and simulator are discussed.  2000-2011 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	55	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Decision making,driver assistance,driving automation,electronic control circuit,intelligent vehicles,legal safety,perception,vehicle safety
Centrality-based ambulance dispatching for demanding emergency situations	2013	Journal of the Operational Research Society	One category of dispatching decisions in emergency medical service involves the selection of an ambulance among idle units when a call is received (call-initiated), and another involves the selection of a call among those waiting when a unit gets freed (ambulance-initiated). This research focuses on the ambulance-initiated dispatching and aims at developing a rule that can be flexibly used in various contexts characterized by the probability of transferring the patient to hospital. The idea behind this rule is to give a higher priority to the call that is more centrally located with respect to other calls. When the centrality along with the closeness is used to prioritize calls, the units would smoothly proceed towards dense regions while efficiently exploiting calls, thereby keeping the completion rate at maximum. This centrality-based dispatching rule is tested in various scenarios and demonstrates considerable reductions in both average and variation of response time.  2013 Operational Research Society Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	9	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	ambulance dispatching,centrality,disaster,response time,weighted degree
An integrated fuzzy AHP - Fuzzy TOPSIS approach for AS/RS selection	2013	International Journal of Productivity and Quality Management	System investment decision has a very crucial role in any company aiming for efficient manufacturing. Multi-criteria decision making process is required to select the best among the alternatives. In this study, fuzzy AHP and fuzzy TOPSIS methods are used in a two-step methodology to select the suitable automated storage and retrieval system (AS/RS) so as to satisfy the expectations of the company. Eleven criteria are used in fuzzy AHP to calculate the criteria weights. These weights are then used in fuzzy TOPSIS to rank three AS/RS alternatives. The proposed model is used for selecting the right AS/RS in one of the leading consumer electronics company of Turkey.  2013 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	14	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AHP,Analytical hierarchy process,AS/RS,Automated storage and retrieval system,F-AHP,F-TOPSIS,Fuzzy AHP,Fuzzy sets,Fuzzy topsis,MCDM,Multi criteria decision making
Sequence control of essential siphons for deadlock prevention in petri nets	2013	Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems	Deadlock prevention is crucial to the modeling of flexible manufacturing systems. In the Petri net framework, deadlock prevention is often addressed by siphon-based control (SC) policies. Recent research results show that SC methods can avoid full siphon enumeration by using mixed integer programming (MIP) to greatly increase the computational efficiency so that it can be applied in large systems in computable time. Besides, maximally permissive control solutions can be obtained by means of iterative siphon control (ISC) approaches and MIP. Then the remaining problems are redundancy and MIP iterations. Redundant controllers make the closed-loop system more complicated and each MIP iteration increases the total computational time. This article proposes a revised ISC deadlock prevention policy which can achieve better results than the other reported methods in terms of redundancy and MIP iterations while maintaining the maximal permissiveness. Several benchmark examples are provided to illustrate the proposed approach and to be compared with the other reported methods.  2013 ACM.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Software,Hardware and Architecture	Deadlock prevention,Flexible manufacturing systems,Mixed integer programming,Net transformation,Ordinary control places,Petri nets,Redundancy check,S*PR nets,Stolen places,Supervisory control,Unmarked minimal siphons,Weighted control places
A hybrid artificial bee colony algorithm for the job shop scheduling problem	2013	International Journal of Production Economics	The job shop scheduling problem (JSSP) has attracted much attention in the field of both information sciences and operations research. In terms of the objective function, most existing research has been focused on the makespan criterion (i.e.; minimizing the overall completion time). However, for contemporary manufacturing firms, the due date related performance is usually more important because it is crucial for maintaining a high service reputation. Therefore, in this study we aim at minimizing the total weighted tardiness in JSSP. Considering the high complexity, a novel artificial bee colony (ABC) algorithm is proposed for solving the problem. A neighborhood property of the problem is discovered, and then a tree search algorithm is devised to enhance the exploitation capability of ABC. According to extensive computational tests, the proposed approach is efficient in solving the job shop scheduling problem with total weighted tardiness criterion.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	78	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Artificial bee colony algorithm,Job shop scheduling problem,Neighborhood property,Tree search
Simulation modelling challenge of transportation logistics systems	2013	International Journal of Business Information Systems	Simulation has been used in operations management discipline for decades, but applications in transportation logistics have been rather scarce. Situation is the same in rapid modelling sub-branch. This is mostly due to the reason of needs in high computing power, sophistication of artificial intelligence, and integration of other data sources to the simulation models. However, with ever increasing global trade and derived transportation needs, economically and ecologically sustainable solutions are sought for. We illustrate challenges in this branch with two agent-based simulation models and with one system dynamics model. These are all based on real life observations and data. Complexity and time of model building is likely to increase with this stated problem area, but rapid modelling part is enabled with different scenarios, optimisation and Monte Carlo features during simulation run, but also with feature to put models online to internet and enable significant user interaction.  2013 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Finland	1	Management Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Management of Technology and Innovation	Agent-based systems,Simulation,System dynamics,Transportation logistics
Integration of flexible purchasing, flexible manufacturing and flexible assembly systems using Petri net	2013	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	The purpose of this paper is to present a new generic deterministic Petri net (PN) model for the integration of flexible purchasing system (FPS), flexible manufacturing system (FMS) and flexible assembly system (FAS) using kanban system in a pull environment. In the methodology and/or approach used in this paper, firstly the basic building blocks of the system are developed. The building blocks are then combined together to get a PN model that integrates FPS, FMS and FAS. The model integrating FPS, FMS and FAS is called flexible integrated system in this paper. Integrated Network Analyser and Lingo software are used for performance evaluation of the system. The performance evaluation of the PN model is based on solution of linear programming. The throughput is bounded by the utilisation of the bottleneck station. Copyright  2013 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	FAS,FIS,Flexible assembly system,Flexible integrated system,Flexible manufacturing system,Flexible purchasing system,FMS,FPS,Optimisation,Petri nets,PNs
Real-time rescheduling metaheuristic algorithms applied to FMS with routing flexibility	2013	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper presents the results of a simulation study of a typical flexible manufacturing system that consists of seven machining centres, a loading and an unloading area, and six different part types. Owing to the existence of identical machining centres, the part types have alternative routings (their number varies between two and eight). One of the objectives of this work is to show how the following metaheuristics: ant colony optimisation, genetic algorithms, simulated annealing, tabu search, particle swarm optimisation and electromagnetism-like method, are adapted for solving the alternative routing selection problem in real time in order to reduce the congestion in the system by selecting a routing for each part among its alternative routings. The other goal is to highlight the impact of the real-time rescheduling of parts contained in the loading station on system performances when these metaheuristics are applied. The simulation results jugged by the production rate, machines and material handling utilisation rate show that for an overloaded system, the real-time rescheduling outperforms the case without rescheduling, but it has a negative impact on the work in process.  2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Algeria	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Alternative routing,Flexible manufacturing systems,Metaheuristics adaptation,Real-time routing selection method,Rescheduling
Petri net-based optimal one-wafer scheduling of single-arm multi-cluster tools in semiconductor manufacturing	2013	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	In operating a multi-cluster tool, it needs to coordinate the activities of multiple robots. Thus, it is very challenging to schedule it. This paper conducts a study on one-wafer cyclic scheduling for multi-cluster tools whose bottleneck cluster tool is process-bound. The system is modeled by a Petri net. With this model, conditions under which a one-wafer cyclic schedule exists are developed. Based on them, it is shown that, for any multi-cluster tool whose bottleneck cluster tool is process-bound, there is always a one-wafer cyclic schedule. Then, a method is presented to find the minimal cycle time and the optimal one-wafer cyclic schedule. It is computationally efficient. Illustrative examples are used to show the applications and effectiveness of the proposed method.  1988-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	64	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tool,Petri net,Scheduling,Semiconductor manufacturing
A combined fuzzy-AHP and fuzzy-GRA methodology for hydrogen energy storage method selection in Turkey	2013	Energies	In this paper, we aim to select the most appropriate Hydrogen Energy Storage (HES) method for Turkey from among the alternatives of tank, metal hydride and chemical storage, which are determined based on expert opinions and literature review. Thus, we propose a Buckley extension based fuzzy Analytical Hierarchical Process (Fuzzy-AHP) and linear normalization based fuzzy Grey Relational Analysis (Fuzzy-GRA) combined Multi Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) methodology. This combined approach can be applied to a complex decision process, which often makes sense with subjective data or vague information; and used to solve to solve HES selection problem with different defuzzification methods. The proposed approach is unique both in the HES literature and the MCDM literature.  2013 by the authors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	47	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy-AHP,Fuzzy-GRA,Hydrogen energy storage
Nonpure petri net supervisors for optimal deadlock control of flexible manufacturing systems	2013	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	This paper illustrates that Petrinets with self-loops are more powerful than pure nets in modeling and control of flexible manufacturing systems. A self-loop in a Petri net cannot be mathematically represented by its incidence matrix. This paper presents a mathematical method to design a maximally permissive Petri net supervisor that is expressed by a set of control places with self-loops. A control place with a self-loop can be represented by a constraint and a self-loop associated with a transition whose firing may lead to an illegal marking. The constraint is designed to ensure that all legal markings are reachable and the self-loop is used to prevent the system from reaching illegal markings by disabling the transition at a specific marking. A markingreduction approach is developed in order to cut down the considered markings, which can greatly decrease the computational overhead of the proposed method. An integer linear programming model is developed to compress the number of control places, aiming to reduce the structural complexity of the resulting supervisors. Finally, illustrative examples are used to validate the proposed method and to demonstrate that it can obtain an optimal supervisor for some cases that cannot be optimally controlled by pure net supervisors.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	44	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock prevention,Discrete event system,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net,Self-loop,Supervisory control
Interactive Petri nets	2013	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans	Such concurrent systems as Web services and workflow systems can be viewed as a composition of a set of subsystems. Subsystems interact with each other through a set of message channels in order to perform a task. This work defines a class of Petri nets called interactive Petri nets (IPNs) to model these systems. IPNs can be used to analyze their behavior, find potential problems, and then improve their designs. Compatibility is an important concept for a composed system and reflects the possibility of correct/proper interaction among its subsystems. In order to characterize different cooperative abilities in practice, compatibility and weak compatibility are defined for IPNs. Some relationships among (weak) compatibility, liveness, reversibility, and boundedness are revealed. Based on them, this work proves that the (weak) compatibility problem is co-NP-hard. A taxonomy is also presented for IPNs in order to explore whether some subclasses can be analyzed efficiently. Based on it, we can identify several IPN subclasses, some of which can be analyzed in polynomial time. 2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	38	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Co-NP-hardness,Compatibility,Interactive Petri nets (IPNs),Liveness,Web service
An integrated novel interval type-2 fuzzy MCDM method to improve customer satisfaction in public transportation for Istanbul	2013	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	In this paper, the problems of public transportation customers in Istanbul are addressed and their satisfaction levels are evaluated by using customer satisfaction survey and statistical analysis. A novel interval type-2 fuzzy MCDM method is proposed based on TOPSIS and GRA, to evaluate and improve customer satisfaction in Istanbul public transportation. Then, the criteria need to be improved are determined and different improvement suggestions are made for all public transportation firms.  2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	106	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Customer satisfaction,GRA,Interval type-2 fuzzy sets,Istanbul,Public transportation,TOPSIS
Mobile robot navigation	2013	Studies in Computational Intelligence	This chapter introduces the basic concepts of autonomous navigation of mobile robots and the utility of using vision as the sensing mechanism in achieving the desired objectives. The chapter discusses the broad categories of vision-based navigation in indoor and outdoor environments. Different prominent directions of research in this context are introduced and also different broad modalities of obstacle detection and avoidance are presented.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	India	2	Artificial Intelligence	None
A survey on container processing in railway yards	2013	Transportation Science	In spite of extraordinary support programs initiated by the European Union and other national authorities, the percentage of overall freight traffic moved by train is in steady decline. This development has occurred because the macroeconomic benefits of rail traffic, such as the relief of overloaded road networks and reduced environmental impacts, are counterbalanced by severe disadvantages from the perspective of the shipper, e.g., low average delivery speed and general lack of reliability. Attracting a higher share of freight traffic on rail requires freight handling in railway yards that is more efficient, which includes technical innovations as well as the development of suitable decision support systems. This paper reviews container processing in railway yards from an operations research perspective and analyzes basic decision problems for the two most important yard types: conventional rail-road and modern rail-rail transshipment yards. Furthermore, we review the relevant literature and identify open research challenges.  2013 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	63	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container processing,Decision support,Railway system,Railway yard,Survey
Optimal supervisory control of automated manufacturing systems	2013	Optimal Supervisory Control of Automated Manufacturing Systems	2012 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.This monograph presents the state-of-the-art developments in the design of behaviorally and structurally optimal livenessen-forcing Petri net supervisors with computationally tractable approaches. It details optimal supervisory control problems arising in automated production systems and outlines a methodology to achieve the optimality purposes of deadlock prevention via converting a variety of problems under consideration into integer linear programming models. The book includes a reference bibliography at the end of each chapter and a complete index.	Book	b	bk	Book	China	23	Engineering (all)	None
