Distributed robots path/tasks planning on fetch scheduling	2014	Handbook of Research on Advancements in Robotics and Mechatronics	2015, IGI Global. All rights reserved.A highly concurrent task-planner for distributed multi-robot systems in dynamical industrial feed-lines is presented in this chapter. The system deals with two main issues: a) a path-planning model and b) a robotic-tasks scheduler. A set of kinematic control laws based on directional derivatives model the dynamical robots interaction. Distributed wheeled mobile robots perform the execution of autonomous tasks concurrently and synchronized just in time. A planner model for distributed tasks to autonomously reconfigure and synchronize online change priority missions by the robotic primitives-sense, plan, and act-are proposed. The robotic tasks concern carry-and-fetch to different goals, and dispatching materials. Numerical simulation of mathematical formulation and real experiments illustrate the parallel computing capability and the distributed robot's behavior. Results depict robots dealing with highly concurrent tasks and dynamical events through a parallel scheme.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Mexico	2	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
Mission design of a team of service robots	2014	Handbook of Research on Advancements in Robotics and Mechatronics	2015, IGI Global. All rights reserved.The purpose of this chapter is to present an integrated approach for Mission Design of a team of Service Robots that is operating in partially known indoor environments such as libraries, hospitals, or warehouses. The robots are requested to serve a number of service stations while taking into account movement safety and other kinematical constraints. The Bump-Surface concept is used to represent the robots' environment through a single mathematical entity and an optimization problem is formulated representing an aggregation of paths length and movement constraints. Then a modified Genetic Algorithm with parallel populations is used for solving the problem of mission design of a team of service robots on the constructed Bump-Surface. Three simulation examples are presented to show the effectiveness of the presented approach.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Greece	1	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
Latent trees for coreference resolution	2014	Computational Linguistics	2014 Association for Computational Linguistics.We describe a structure learning system for unrestricted coreference resolution that explores two key modeling techniques: latent coreference trees and automatic entropy-guided feature induction. The latent tree modeling makes the learning problem computationally feasible because it incorporates a meaningful hidden structure. Additionally, using an automatic feature induction method, we can efficiently build enhanced nonlinear models using linear model learning algorithms. We present empirical results that highlight the contribution of each modeling technique used in the proposed system. Empirical evaluation is performed on the multilingual unrestricted coreference CoNLL-2012 Shared Task data sets, which comprise three languages: Arabic, Chinese, and English. We apply the same system to all languages, except for minor adaptations to some language-dependent features such as nested mentions and specific static pronoun lists. A previous version of this system was submitted to the CoNLL-2012 Shared Task closed track, achieving an official score of 58:69, the best among the competitors. The unique enhancement added to the current system version is the inclusion of candidate arcs linking nested mentions for the Chinese language. By including such arcs, the score increases by almost 4.5 points for that language. The current system shows a score of 60:15, which corresponds to a 3:5% error reduction, and is the best performing system for each of the three languages.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	19	Language and Linguistics,Linguistics and Language,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	None
Intersection recognition and guide-path selection for a vision-based agv in a bidirectional flow network	2014	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	Vision recognition and RFID perception are used to develop a smart AGV travelling on fixed paths while retaining low-cost, simplicity and reliability. Visible landmarks can describe features of shapes and geometric dimensions of lines and intersections, and RFID tags can directly record global locations on pathways and the local topological relations of crossroads. A topological map is convenient for building and editing without the need for accurate poses when establishing a priori knowledge of a workplace. To obtain the flexibility of bidirectional movement along guide-paths, a camera placed in the centre of the AGV looks downward vertically at landmarks on the floor. A small visual field presents many difficulties for vision guidance, especially for realtime, correct and reliable recognition of multi-branch crossroads. First, the region projection and contour scanning methods are both used to extract the features of shapes. Then LDA is used to reduce the number of the features' dimensions. Third, a hierarchical SVM classifier is proposed to classify their multi-branch patterns once the features of the shapes are complete. Our experiments in landmark recognition and navigation show that lowcost vision systems are insusceptible to visual noises, image breakages and floor changes, and a vision-based AGV can locate itself precisely on its paths, recognize different crossroads intelligently by verifying the conformance of vision and RFID information, and select its next pathway efficiently in a bidirectional flow network.  2014 The Author(s).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicle,Landmark Recognition,Navigation Control,Vision Guidance
Development of magnetic navigation method based on distributed control system using magnetic and geometric landmarks	2014	ROBOMECH Journal	2014, Akai et al.; licensee Springer.Background: In order for a robot to autonomously run in outdoor environments, a robust and stable navigation method is necessary. Especially, to run in real-world environments, robustness against moving objects is important since many pedestrians and bicycles come and go. Magnetic field, which is not influenced by the moving objects, is considered to be an effective information for autonomous navigation. Methods: Localization technique using a magnetic map, which records ambient magnetic field, has been proposed. The magnetic map is expressed as a linear map. When using this linear magnetic map, swerving from the desired path is a fatal problem. It is because that the magnetic map contains only magnetic data on a desired path. In the paper, we propose a novel navigation method which allows a robot to precisely navigate on a desired path even if localization is performed on the basis of the linear magnetic map. The navigation is performed by using a control method based on a DCS (Distributed Control System). In the system, several navigation modules are executed in parallel, and they independently control the robot by using magnetic and geometric landmarks. Results and discussion: We conducted three navigation experiments. Our robot could perfectly accomplish all navigation even if it was disturbed by many moving objects during the navigation. Conclusions: The control method based on the DCS could switch the navigation module for controlling the robot to cope against the change of its surroundings. The precise and robust navigation was achieved with the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	3	Modeling and Simulation,Instrumentation,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous navigation,Distributed control system,Magnetic navigation,Mobile robots for public space
Last-position elimination-based learning automata	2014	IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics	2014 IEEE.An update scheme of the state probability vector of actions is critical for learning automata (LA). The most popular is the pursuit scheme that pursues the estimated optimal action and penalizes others. This paper proposes a reverse philosophy that leads to last-position elimination-based learning automata (LELA). The action graded last in terms of the estimated performance is penalized by decreasing its state probability and is eliminated when its state probability becomes zero. All active actions, that is, actions with nonzero state probability, equally share the penalized state probability from the last-position action at each iteration. The proposed LELA is characterized by the relaxed convergence condition for the optimal action, the accelerated step size of the state probability update scheme for the estimated optimal action, and the enriched sampling for the estimated nonoptimal actions. The proof of the ε-optimal property for the proposed algorithm is presented. Last-position elimination is a widespread philosophy in the real world and has proved to be also helpful for the update scheme of the learning automaton via the simulations of well-known benchmark environments. In the simulations, two versions of the LELA, using different selection strategies of the last action, are compared with the classical pursuit algorithms Discretized Pursuit Reward-Inaction (DPRI) and Discretized Generalized Pursuit Algorithm (DGPA). Simulation results show that the proposed schemes achieve significantly faster convergence and higher accuracy than the classical ones. Specifically, the proposed schemes reduce the interval to find the best parameter for a specific environment in the classical pursuit algorithms. Thus, they can have their parameter tuning easier to perform and can save much more time when applied to a practical case. Furthermore, the convergence curves and the corresponding variance coefficient curves of the contenders are illustrated to characterize their essential differences and verify the analysis results of the proposed algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	48	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Last-position elimination,Learning automata (LA),Stationary environments,Update scheme
Optimal one-wafer cyclic scheduling of single-arm multicluster tools with two-space buffering modules	2014	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2014 IEEE.A multi-cluster tool is composed of a number of individual cluster tools linked by buffering modules (BMs). The capacity of a BM can be one or two. Aiming at finding an optimal one-wafer cyclic schedule, this paper explores the effect of two-space BMs on the performance of a multi-cluster tool. A Petri net (PN) model is developed to model it by extending resource-oriented PNs. The dynamic behavior of robot waiting and tasks, process modules, and buffers is well described by the model. This paper shows that there is always a one-wafer cyclic schedule that reaches the lower bound of the cycle time of a process-bound tool. Furthermore, a closed-form algorithm is revealed to find such a schedule for the first time for such multi-cluster tools. Illustrative examples are given to show the application and power of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Multi-cluster tools,Petri net (PN),Scheduling,Semiconductor manufacturing
Loading, unloading and premarshalling of stacks in storage areas: Survey and classification	2014	European Journal of Operational Research	Problems of loading, unloading and premarshalling of stacks as well as combinations thereof appear in several practical applications, e.g. container terminals, container ship stowage planning, tram depots or steel industry. Although these problems seem to be different at first sight, they hold plenty of similarities. To precisely unite all aspects, we suggest a classification scheme and show how problems existing in literature can be described with it. Furthermore, we give an overview of known complexity results and solution approaches.  2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	re	Review	Germany	98	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Classification scheme,Loading,Premarshalling,Stack,Storage,Unloading
Development of magnetic navigation method based on distributed control system using magnetic and geometric landmarks	2014	Intensive Care Medicine	2014, Akai et al.; licensee Springer.Background: In order for a robot to autonomously run in outdoor environments, a robust and stable navigation method is necessary. Especially, to run in real-world environments, robustness against moving objects is important since many pedestrians and bicycles come and go. Magnetic field, which is not influenced by the moving objects, is considered to be an effective information for autonomous navigation.Methods: Localization technique using a magnetic map, which records ambient magnetic field, has been proposed. The magnetic map is expressed as a linear map. When using this linear magnetic map, swerving from the desired path is a fatal problem. It is because that the magnetic map contains only magnetic data on a desired path. In the paper, we propose a novel navigation method which allows a robot to precisely navigate on a desired path even if localization is performed on the basis of the linear magnetic map. The navigation is performed by using a control method based on a DCS (Distributed Control System). In the system, several navigation modules are executed in parallel, and they independently control the robot by using magnetic and geometric landmarks.Results and discussion: We conducted three navigation experiments. Our robot could perfectly accomplish all navigation even if it was disturbed by many moving objects during the navigation.Conclusions: The control method based on the DCS could switch the navigation module for controlling the robot to cope against the change of its surroundings. The precise and robust navigation was achieved with the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Critical Care and Intensive Care Medicine	Autonomous navigation,Distributed control system,Magnetic navigation,Mobile robots for public space
Learning probabilistic features for robotic navigation using laser sensors	2014	PLoS ONE	2014 Aznar et al.SLAM is a popular task used by robots and autonomous vehicles to build a map of an unknown environment, at the same time, to determine their location within the map. This paper describes a SLAM-based, probabilistic robotic system able to learn the essential features of different parts of its environment. Some previous SLAM implementations had computational complexities ranging from O( Nlog( N)) to O(N2), where N is the number of map features. Unlike these methods, our approach reduces the computational complexity to O(N) by using a model to fuse the information from the sensors after applying the Bayesian paradigm. Once the training process is completed, the robot identifies and locates those areas that potentially match the sections that have been previously learned. After the training, the robot navigates and extracts a three-dimensional map of the environment using a single laser sensor. Thus, it perceives different sections of its world. In addition, in order to make our system able to be used in a low-cost robot, low-complexity algorithms that can be easily implemented on embedded processors or microcontrollers are used.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	2	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Multidisciplinary	None
Efficient optimization methods for extended flow path design	2014	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2013 IEEE.Determination of the direction of each segment of a network and the choice and the paths that will be used by vehicles in production units is called flow path design problem. Roads organization directly influences the performance of the system. That is why this problem is one of the most important issues in designing an AGV (automated guided vehicles) system. Efficient optimization methods based on iterative local search and hybridized ant colony optimization are developed in order to solve a flow path design problem for a conventional unidirectional network and some extensions as different types of vehicles, some segments forbidden and construction costs. We are in interest with the case of minimizing the total travel distance considering both loaded and empty travels. In order to ensure the efficiency of the proposed optimization methods, computational experiments are carried out based on literature example.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
A simulation-based framework for multi-objective vehicle fleet sizing of automated material handling systems: An empirical study	2014	Journal of Simulation	2014 Operational Research Society Ltd.Automated materials handling systems (AMHS) play a key role in semiconductor manufacturing. Vehicle fleet sizing is one of the critical issues when designing an effective AMHS. However, due to complexity of AMHS design and uncertainty involved in the production process, for example, random processing time, vehicle fleet sizing is a challenging problem, especially when there are multiple objectives, for example, minimized delivery time and maximized delivered lots are simultaneously desired. In this paper, we formulate the multi-objective vehicle fleet sizing problem and propose a framework that integrates simulation optimization and data envelopment analysis techniques to determine the optimal vehicle fleet size under multiple objectives for the AMHS. Numerical experiments show that the proposed framework allows for better performance of AMHS than the traditional methods. Moreover, an empirical study conducted at the end verifies the effectiveness and the viability of the proposed framework in real settings.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	6	Software,Modeling and Simulation	automated material handling system,data envelopment analysis,multi-objective vehicle fleet sizing,simulation optimization
How to respond to process module failure in residency time-constrained single-arm cluster tools	2014	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	2014 IEEE.Cyclic scheduling and operation of a residency time-constrained single-arm cluster tool with failure-prone process modules are highly challenging. In some cases, when a failure occurs, there still exists a feasible cyclic schedule for the performance-degraded tool. In other cases, such a schedule no longer exists. For the latter, it is highly desired to respond to a process module failure properly such that the tool can continue working and the wafers in the tool can be completed in a feasible way. This work is the first one to study this important issue. The idea is to apply Petri nets to describe the dynamic behavior of a single-arm cluster tool. With the developed Petri net model, this paper formulates failure response policies to control the cluster tool such that it can keep working without violating any residency time constraint. The failure response policies are implemented via efficient real-time control laws. Illustrative examples are presented to show their usage.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,Failure response,Petri net,Scheduling,Wafer fabrication
Multi-robot scheduling and trajectory planning using state roadmap	2014	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	2014 SICE.This paper proposes a scheduling and trajectory planning method that constructs collision-free and optimized trajectories for a team of multiple robots. The proposed method consists of path planning and scheduling. First, each robot performs path planning using a state roadmap. Using a state roadmap, each robot can find a path that navigates the robot to the destination without collisions with static obstacles. Second, the scheduler adjusts the departing times and the velocities at the via-points of all robots to avoid collisions between the robots and to minimize the sum of arrival times of the robots. The proposed method is evaluated through simulations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Multi-robot,Scheduling,Trajectory planning
Push and Rotate: A complete Multi-agent Pathfinding algorithm	2014	Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research	2014 AI Access Foundation. All rights reserved.Multi-agent Pathfinding is a relevant problem in a wide range of domains, for example in robotics and video games research. Formally, the problem considers a graph consisting of vertices and edges, and a set of agents occupying vertices. An agent can only move to an unoccupied, neighbouring vertex, and the problem of finding the minimal sequence of moves to transfer each agent from its start location to its destination is an NP-hard problem.We present Push and Rotate, a new algorithm that is complete for Multi-agent Pathfinding problems in which there are at least two empty vertices. Push and Rotate first divides the graph into subgraphs within which it is possible for agents to reach any position of the subgraph, and then uses the simple push, swap, and rotate operations to find a solution; a post-processing algorithm is also presented that eliminates redundant moves. Push and Rotate can be seen as extending Luna and Bekris's Push and Swap algorithm, which we showed to be incomplete in a previous publication.In our experiments we compare our approach with the Push and Swap, MAPP, and Bibox algorithms. The latter algorithm is restricted to a smaller class of instances as it requires biconnected graphs, but can nevertheless be considered state of the art due to its strong performance. Our experiments show that Push and Swap suffers from incompleteness, MAPP is generally not competitive with Push and Rotate, and Bibox is better than Push and Rotate on randomly generated biconnected instances, while Push and Rotate performs better on grids.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	41	Artificial Intelligence	None
Optimization design on AGV frame structure	2014	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	With the objective of same intensity and lighter weight, an optimization design method was proposed to reduce self weight coefficient of AGV. On the basis of mechanics analysis on AGV frame structure, load position and wheel position were worked out with mathematical programming, which were important constraint conditions for AGV frame structure optimization. A kind of multi-criteria formulation was proposed for AGV frame structure based on variable density method and optimality criteria and calculated by finite element software. A 3D optimization model was constructed and analyzed. The results show that the optimization method is effective and reasonable.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle(AGV),Mathematical programming,Structure optimization,Topology
Development and utilization of video clips as didactic resources for an experimental subject	2014	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	In this paper we present the actions developed in a teaching innovation Project from Universidad de Salamanca (USAL) during the academic year 2013/14. The main goal is the development of a tool to help 2nd year students of the Thermodynamics Laboratory course in the Physics Degree to perform lab experiments in a more autonomous way. Students guided by teachers have prepared video clips in the format "USALMedia" corresponding to five lab experiments. Such material is incorporated into the platform Studium (Moodle) of our university going further in a previous work about the integration of the activities of the laboratory in such platform. This material is also available free of charge in the iTunes-U platform associated to Universidad de Salamanca. The videos can be viewed or downloaded from the website and played on a PC, Mac, PDA, smartphone or tablet.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Educational video,i Tunes U,Laboratory,Moodle,Thermodynamics
Using lagrangian relaxation decomposition with heuristic to integrate the decisions of cell formation and parts scheduling considering intercell moves	2014	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2014 IEEE.Cell formation and parts scheduling are two important correlated processes in a cellular manufacturing system; however, the decisions involved in these processes are typically made individually. Determining how to integrate these decisions effectively to pursue a productive and lower cost system has become an important issue. This paper focuses on providing an effective solution to integrate the decisions of cell formation and parts scheduling, while considering intercell moves by using a Lagrangian relaxation decomposition method. A mixed integer nonlinear programming mathematical model (CFPSP) is proposed to determine which part families and machine groups are assigned to cells and in which sequence the parts are processed in the machines to minimize the total tardiness penalty cost. To effectively solve the model, a Lagrangian relaxation decomposition method with a heuristic (LRDH) is developed. Using the LRDH, the CFPSP model is solved by decomposing the model into two subproblems, i.e., the cell formation subproblem (CFPSP-FD) and the parts scheduling subproblem (CFPSP-SD). After linearizing the CFPSP-FD model, the subproblem CFPSP-FD is solved by the MIP optimizer CPLEX. A scatter search approach is developed to solve the subproblem CFPSP-SD. Combined with the Lagrange multipliers, the CFPSP-SD model takes into consideration the assignment of part families and the associated machine groups to each cell, when it sequences the processing of the parts on each machine in cells. An illustration of the application of the CFPSP model in an electronic appliance cellular manufacturing enterprise in China is presented. Note to Practitioners-Cell formation and parts scheduling are two important correlated processes in a cellular manufacturing system; however, the decisions involved in these processes are typically made individually. Determining how to integrate these decisions has become an important issue. This paper proposes an effective solution to integrate the decisions of cell formation and parts scheduling, while considering intercell moves. To effectively solve the model, a Lagrangian relaxation decomposition method with heuristic (LRDH) is developed, which provides a lower bound of the optimal solution. Theoretical analysis and simulation results demonstrate that the LRDH is an effective approach that can be easily implemented. This approach facilitates production managers to implement an integrated decision with a near optimal solution, and it has been demonstrated to be effective in an electronic appliance cellular manufacturing enterprise in China.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cell formation,Cellular manufacturing,Lagrangian relaxation decomposition,Parts scheduling in cells,Scatter search approach
Services derivation from business process: A PSO-based multi-objective approach	2014	International Conference on Multimedia Computing and Systems -Proceedings	2014 IEEE.Software module clustering is generally a difficult and challenging problem in software engineering. In the same way, service identification plays a critical role in service engineering. Existing Service identification approaches are often prescriptive and based on the architect's experience thus could result in non-optimal designs which results in complicated dependencies between services. In this paper we proposes top down approach to identify automatically services from business process by using several design metrics. Service boundaries are identified from business processes by automated search, guided by a multi-objective fitness function and using a clustering combinatorial particle swarm optimization algorithm. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, a set of experiments were performed. The experimentation results of this empirical study denotes that our approach achieves better results in term of performance and convergence speed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	2	Media Technology,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Theoretical Computer Science	Business Process Modeling,Combinatorial Particle Swarm Optimization,Service Identification,Service Oriented Architecture
The integration of mobile (tele) robotics and wireless sensor networks: A survey	2014	Computer Communications	Researchers have been extensively, but often independently, investigating Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs), Mobile Robotics, and Teleoperation. Lately, due to the complementary nature of these areas, there is a growing trend in integrating them to support various applications that can go beyond passive monitoring and allow us to actually interact with the environment through autonomous and teleoperated robots. Such applications can extensively be used in medicine, science, military, industry, nuclear power stations, underwater, and space explorations. In this paper, we start with a review of the history of WSNs, robotics and mobility in WSNs, and teleoperation. We then introduce a system model integrating these areas as Wireless Sensor and Robot Networks with Teleoperation capabilities (WSRNT). Using this model, we define the problems associated with WSRNT. Finally, we discuss the recent research efforts and open research challenges in merging these fields with respect to major WSRNT tasks and communication requirements.  2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	26	Computer Networks and Communications	Path planning,Robotics,Task allocation,Teleoperation,Wireless sensor network
A novel approach for designing rental vehicle repositioning strategies	2014	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	An important tactical decision for vehicle rental providers is the design of a repositioning strategy to balance vehicle utilization with customer wait times due to vehicle unavailabilities. To address this problem, this article analyzes alternative repositioning strategies: a no-repositioning strategy, a customer repositioning strategy, and a vehicle repositioning strategy, using queuing network models that are able to handle stochastic demand and vehicle unavailabilities. Optimization models are formulated to determine the repositioning fractions for alternate strategies that minimize the rental providers cost by balancing repositioning costs with customer waiting penalty costs. The nonlinear optimization problems are challenging to solve because the objective functions are non-differentiable and the decision variables (such as effective arrival rates and customer repositioning fractions) are interrelated. Therefore, a two-phase sequential solution approach to estimate the repositioning fractions is developed. Phase 1 determines the effective arrival rates by developing an approximate network model, deriving structural results, determining a high-quality solution point, and refining the solution. Phase 2 determines the repositioning fractions by solving a transportation problem. Numerical experiments are used to evaluate the efficacy of the proposed solution approach, to analyze alternate repositioning strategies, and to illustrate how the developed techniques can be adopted to create a better readiness at a depot. Copyright  2014 "IIE".	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	queuing models,repositioning,tactical planning,transportation,Vehicle rental system
Two-level decomposition algorithm for crew rostering problems with fair working condition	2014	European Journal of Operational Research	A typical railway crew scheduling problem consists of two phases: a crew pairing problem to determine a set of crew duties and a crew rostering problem. The crew rostering problem aims to find a set of rosters that forms workforce assignment of crew duties and rest periods satisfying several working regulations. In this paper, we present a two-level decomposition approach to solve railway crew rostering problem with the objective of fair working condition. To reduce computational efforts, the original problem is decomposed into the upper-level master problem and the lower-level subproblem. The subproblem can be further decomposed into several subproblems for each roster. These problems are iteratively solved by incorporating cuts into the master problem. We show that the relaxed problem of the master problem can be formulated as a uniform parallel machine scheduling problem to minimize makespan, which is NP-hard. An efficient branch-and-bound algorithm is applied to solve the master problem. Effective valid cuts are developed to reduce feasible search space to tighten the duality gap. Using data provided by the railway company, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method compared with that of constraint programming techniques for large-scale problems through computational experiments.  2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	17	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Crew rostering,Cut generation,Railway scheduling,Two-level decomposition algorithm
Investigation of MATLAB® as platform in navigation and control of an automatic guided vehicle utilising an omnivision sensor	2014	Sensors (Switzerland)	Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are navigated utilising multiple types of sensors for detecting the environment. In this investigation such sensors are replaced and/or minimized by the use of a single omnidirectional camera picture stream. An area of interest is extracted, and by using image processing the vehicle is navigated on a set path. Reconfigurability is added to the route layout by signs incorporated in the navigation process. The result is the possible manipulation of a number of AGVs, each on its own designated colour-signed path. This route is reconfigurable by the operator with no programming alteration or intervention. A low resolution camera and a MATLAB® software development platform are utilised. The use of MATLAB® lends itself to speedy evaluation and implementation of image processing options on the AGV, but its functioning in such an environment needs to be assessed.  2014 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Africa	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Area of interest,Colour routes,Image processing,Kalman filter,MATLAB®,Omnidirectional,Prewitt edge detection,Reconfigurable paths
Novel AR-based interface for human-robot interaction and visualization	2014	Advances in Manufacturing	2014 Shanghai University and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Intuitive and efficient interfaces for humanrobot interaction (HRI) has been a challenging issue in robotics as it is essential for the prevalence of robots supporting humans in key areas of activities. This paper presents a novel augmented reality (AR) based interface to facilitate human-virtual robot interaction. A number of human-virtual robot interaction methods have been formulated and implemented with respect to the various types of operations needed in different robotic applications. A Euclidean distance-based method is developed to assist the users in the interaction with the virtual robot and the spatial entities in an AR environment. A monitor-based visualization mode is adopted as it enables the users to perceive the virtual contents associated with different interaction methods, and the virtual content augmented in the real environment is informative and useful to the users during their interaction with the virtual robot. Case researches are presented to demonstrate the successful implementation of the AR-based HRI interface in planning robot pick-and-place operations and path following operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	22	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Polymers and Plastics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Augmented reality (AR),Human-robot interaction (HRI),Human-robot interface
Modeling and solution of the joint quay crane and truck scheduling problem	2014	European Journal of Operational Research	This paper addresses the joint quay crane and truck scheduling problem at a container terminal, considering the coordination of the two types of equipment to reduce their idle time between performing two successive tasks. For the unidirectional flow problem with only inbound containers, in which trucks go back to quayside without carrying outbound containers, a mixed-integer linear programming model is formulated to minimize the makespan. Several valid inequalities and a property of the optimal solutions for the problem are derived, and two lower bounds are obtained. An improved Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm is then developed to solve this problem, in which a new velocity updating strategy is incorporated to improve the solution quality. For small sized problems, we have compared the solutions of the proposed PSO with the optimal solutions obtained by solving the model using the CPLEX software. The solutions of the proposed PSO for large sized problems are compared to the two lower bounds because CPLEX could not solve the problem optimally in reasonable time. For the more general situation considering both inbound and outbound containers, trucks may go back to quayside with outbound containers. The model is extended to handle this problem with bidirectional flow. Experiment shows that the improved PSO proposed in this paper is efficient to solve the joint quay crane and truck scheduling problem.  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	65	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Container terminal,Internal trucks,Joint scheduling problem,Particle swarm optimization,Quay cranes
Method for determining the weight of functional objectives on manufacturing system	2014	Scientific World Journal	2014 Qingshan Zhang et al.We propose a three-dimensional integrated weight determination to solve manufacturing system functional objectives, where consumers are weighted by triangular fuzzy numbers to determine the enterprises. The weights, subjective parts are determined by the expert scoring method, the objective parts are determined by the entropy method with the competitive advantage of determining. Based on the integration of three methods and comprehensive weight, we provide some suggestions for the manufacturing system. This paper provides the numerical example analysis to illustrate the feasibility of this method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Environmental Science (all)	None
Safety and performance standard developments for automated guided vehicles	2014	Mobile Service Robotics	2014 by World Scientific Publishing Co. Pte. Ltd.The American National Standards Institute/Industrial Truck Standards Development Foundation (ANSI/ITSDF) B56.5 Safety Standard committee for safety of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) recently considered proposals for changes to improve the to make AGVs safer. The potential changes include new bumper force test methods and revisions to address sudden obstacle appearance in the AGV path. Also, the committee discussed the addition of full human form test pieces to the three current geometric obstacle test pieces. Beyond these changes to the safety standard, the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has suggested a new AGV Performance Standard be established through ASTM International to provide AGV users and manufacturers with non-safety test methods to relate measured vehicle performance to required tasks. The ASTM AGV Performance standard has been approved. Both the suggested safety standard improvements, and the proposed new performance standard, are described and/or referenced in this paper including illustrative laboratory measurement data and analysis to foster and support discussion.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all),Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence	None
Transport operations in container terminals: Literature overview, trends, research directions and classification scheme	2014	European Journal of Operational Research	Internal transport operations connect the seaside, yard side, and landside processes at container terminals. This paper presents an in-depth overview of transport operations and the material handling equipment used, highlights current industry trends and developments, and proposes a new classification scheme for transport operations and scientific journal papers published up to 2012. The paper also discusses and challenges current operational paradigms of transport operations. Lastly, the paper identifies new avenues for academic research based on current trends and developments in the container terminal industry.  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	re	Review	Puerto Rico	141	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Container terminal,Literature overview,Material handling equipment,Transportation
Strategic determinants of terminal operating system choice: An empirical approach using multinomial analysis	2014	Transportation Research Procedia	2014 The Authors.Container terminal operators have at their disposal several operational options for performing both the transfer and the handling of containers. Traditionally, the determinants of the choice of operating systems have been investigated almost exclusively from a technical point of view, while limited research has been performed in the area of the strategic determinants of such choice. This study tries to investigate the strategic determinants of the operating system choice from an empirical perspective. Special attention is paid to understanding in which measure restrictive and limiting labour regimes can explain the preference for emerging automated models or, more in general, for less labour intensive concepts. A sample consisting of 65 European container terminals is built. For each terminal taking part in the sample the major determinants of the operations concepts are quantified. The use of logistic regressions provides interesting insights on what strategically motivates the choice of an operating system with respect to another, in order to investigate and discuss important managerial and policy implications.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Germany	7	Transportation	European Container Terminals,Port Labour Regime,Terminal Operating System
Advances in environment sensing and perception technologies and algorithms for autonomous ground vehicles	2014	Autonomous Vehicles: Intelligent Transport Systems and Smart Technologie	2014 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved.This chapter discusses the main environment sensing and perception technologies and algorithms used in autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs). For the beginning, a review of main environment sensing technologies is presented, focusing mostly on LIDAR, video camera and radar. The chapter shows that in the area of environment sensing technologies, several main trends exist today, including an increased usage of video cameras, as well as introduction of integrated solutions, consisting of two complementing technologies, such as video camera plus LIDAR or video camera plus radar. The objectives and the generic architecture of the perception subsystem are then presented and the most used perception algorithms employed in AGVs are discussed, insisting on classification algorithms. Also, the chapter discusses the most used feature descriptors employed by these algorithms, i.e. HOG and DSIFT. The chapter includes a review of several implementations, as presented in the literature in the past years. Thus, the main trends are revealed: increasing the complexity and the performance of algorithms, reducing the number of sensors and increasing the usage of video camera. The chapter presents an implementation of the SVM algorithm based on video camera images and compares the performance of this method when used with HOG and DSIFT respectively. Using four different classes, the classifier gives information not only on the global car vs. non-car decision, but also on the orientation and relative distance of the detected vehicle. The overall performance of this classifier, in terms of precision and recall rate is presented. It confirms the expectation that video camera can play a more important role in the perception sub-systems of AGVs.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Romania	5	Engineering (all)	Autonomous ground vehicle,Dense scale-invariant feature transform,Driverless car,Environment sensing technologies,Histogram of gradients,Image classification,LIDAR,Support vector Machine,Video camera
Real-time velocity and direction angle control of an automated guided vehicle	2014	International Journal of Robotics and Automation	In this paper, an adaptive fuzzy control (AFC) system is applied to velocity and direction angle control of a certain type of wheeled mobile robots called automated guided vehicles (AGVs). The fuzzy control system includes an adaptive model identifier and controller. The gains of fuzzy controller are obtained by using the fuzzy identifier model which is defined by real system outputs and control inputs. The parameters of fuzzy identifier model are adjusted online by using recursive least square algorithm. A PI controller is also applied to AGV to show the robustness of the AFC system. Experimental results prove that the AFC shows better tracking performance than the PI controller in terms of robustness, smoothness and fast dynamics. Results are given for complex references, sudden disturbance and extra load conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Direction control,Fuzzy control,Path tracking,Vehicle system
Entropy-based dispatching for automatic guided vehicles	2014	International Journal of Production Research	A highly desirable performance of a factory is achieving a laminar flow of parts within the factory. This paper proposes new automatic guided vehicle (AGV) dispatching algorithms with the objective of load balancing among the factory work centres by choosing the dispatch decision, which contributes the most to the laminar flow of the factory. The Kullback-Leibler directed divergence measure is applied to compare a dispatch decision with a balanced factory. Simulation experiments are conducted to study the effectiveness of suggested algorithms.  2014  2014 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	balanced factory,directed divergence,entropy,look-ahead algorithm,vehicle dispatching
Flexible transportation in warehouses	2014	Automation in Warehouse Development	2012 Springer-Verlag London Limited.In recent years, autonomous mobile robots (AMR) have emerged as a means of transportation system in warehouses. The complexity of the transport tasks requires efficient high-level control, i.e. planning and scheduling of the tasks as well as low-level motion control of the robots. Hence, an efficient coordination between robots is needed to achieve flexibility, robustness and scalability of the transportation system. In this chapter, we present a methodology to achieve coordination in different control layers, namely high-level and low-level coordination. We investigate how the coordination strategies perform in an automated warehouse. We use simulation results to analyse the system performance. We take into account typical performance indicators for a warehouse, such as time to accomplish the transportation tasks and total cost of the system. In addition to the simulation results, we conduct experiments in a small-scale representation of the warehouse.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	1	Engineering (all)	None
A mathematical model of inter-terminal transportation	2014	European Journal of Operational Research	We present a novel integer programming model for analyzing inter-terminal transportation (ITT) in new and expanding sea ports. ITT is the movement of containers between terminals (sea, rail or otherwise) within a port. ITT represents a significant source of delay for containers being transshipped, which costs ports money and affects a port's reputation. Our model assists ports in analyzing the impact of new infrastructure, the placement of terminals, and ITT vehicle investments. We provide analysis of ITT at two ports, the port of Hamburg, Germany and the Maasvlakte 1 & 2 area of the port of Rotterdam, The Netherlands, in which we solve a vehicle flow combined with a multi-commodity container flow on a congestion based time-space graph to optimality. We introduce a two-step solution procedure that computes a relaxation of the overall ITT problem in order to find solutions faster. Our graph contains special structures to model the long term loading and unloading of vehicles, and our model is general enough to model a number of important real-world aspects of ITT, such as traffic congestion, penalized late container delivery, multiple ITT transportation modes, and port infrastructure modifications. We show that our model can scale to real-world sizes and provide ports with important information for their long term decision making.  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	44	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Container terminal,Inter-terminal transportation,Logistics,Networks,Strategic planning,Transportation
A branch-and-price algorithm to solve the integrated berth allocation and yard assignment problem in bulk ports	2014	European Journal of Operational Research	In this research, two crucial optimization problems of berth allocation and yard assignment in the context of bulk ports are studied. We discuss how these problems are interrelated and can be combined and solved as a single large scale optimization problem. More importantly we highlight the differences in operations between bulk ports and container terminals which highlights the need to devise specific solutions for bulk ports. The objective is to minimize the total service time of vessels berthing at the port. We propose an exact solution algorithm based on a branch and price framework to solve the integrated problem. In the proposed model, the master problem is formulated as a set-partitioning problem, and subproblems to identify columns with negative reduced costs are solved using mixed integer programming. To obtain sub-optimal solutions quickly, a metaheuristic approach based on critical-shaking neighborhood search is presented. The proposed algorithms are tested and validated through numerical experiments based on instances inspired from real bulk port data. The results indicate that the algorithms can be successfully used to solve instances containing up to 40 vessels within reasonable computational time.  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	46	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Branch and price,Bulk ports,Integrated planning,Keywords,Large scale optimization,Maritime logistics,Mixed integer programming
Storage yard operations in container terminals: Literature overview, trends, and research directions	2014	European Journal of Operational Research	Inbound and outbound containers are temporarily stored in the storage yard at container terminals. A combination of container demand increase and storage yard capacity scarcity create complex operational challenges for storage yard managers. This paper presents an in-depth overview of storage yard operations, including the material handling equipment used, and highlights current industry trends and developments. A classification scheme for storage yard operations is proposed and used to classify scientific journal papers published between 2004 and 2012. The paper also discusses and challenges the current operational paradigms on storage yard operations. Lastly, the paper identifies new avenues for academic research based on current trends and developments in the container terminal industry.  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Puerto Rico	191	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Container terminals,Literature overview,Material handling equipment,Stack,Transportation,Yard operations
Optimal berth allocation and time-invariant quay crane assignment in container terminals	2014	European Journal of Operational Research	Due to the dramatic increase in the world's container traffic, the efficient management of operations in seaport container terminals has become a crucial issue. In this work, we focus on the integrated planning of the following problems faced at container terminals: berth allocation, quay crane assignment (number), and quay crane assignment (specific). First, we formulate a new binary integer linear program for the integrated solution of the berth allocation and quay crane assignment (number) problems called BACAP. Then we extend it by incorporating the quay crane assignment (specific) problem as well, which is named BACASP. Computational experiments performed on problem instances of various sizes indicate that the model for BACAP is very efficient and even large instances up to 60 vessels can be solved to optimality. Unfortunately, this is not the case for BACASP. Therefore, to be able to solve large instances, we present a necessary and sufficient condition for generating an optimal solution of BACASP from an optimal solution of BACAP using a post-processing algorithm. In case this condition is not satisfied, we make use of a cutting plane algorithm which solves BACAP repeatedly by adding cuts generated from the optimal solutions until the aforementioned condition holds. This method proves to be viable and enables us to solve large BACASP instances as well. To the best of our knowledge, these are the largest instances that can be solved to optimality for this difficult problem, which makes our work applicable to realistic problems.  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	58	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Berth allocation,Container terminals,Crane assignment,Cutting plane algorithm
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and tools in multimachine flexible manufacturing systems using artificial immune system algorithm	2014	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	This article deals with simultaneous scheduling of machines and tools in a multimachine flexible manufacturing system to generate best optimal sequences that minimise makespan. As flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is an integrated manufacturing facility, simultaneous scheduling of different components of FMS is essential. In this research work, attempts have been made to integrate machines and tools. The aim of this article is to address combined machine and tool scheduling in a FMS consisting of machines and a central tool magazine. Four heuristics, priority dispatching rules, modified nondelay schedule generation algorithm with six different priority dispatching rules, modified Giffler and Thompson algorithm and artificial immune system (AIS) algorithm, have been proposed for solving combined machine and tool problems with makespan as objective. The proposed heuristics are numerically tested on various problems and the results are compared. The result shows that AIS algorithm yields better results for simultaneous scheduling of machines and tools.  2014 Copyright Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	11	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	artificial immune system algorithm,flexible manufacturing systems,Giffler and Thompson algorithm,nondelay schedule generation algorithm,priority dispatching rules
Dispatching and conflict-free routing based on model predictive control in semiconductor fab	2014	CACS 2014 - 2014 International Automatic Control Conference, Conference Digest	2014 IEEE.This paper proposes a new scheduling method of dispatching and conflict-free routing for overhead hoist transport (OHT) systems in semiconductor fabrication (Fab). This paper utilizes a model predictive control (MPC) strategy in which the cycle of measurement, prediction, optimization and control is repeated. The first aim of the MPC application is to set a small prediction horizon for the scheduling optimization, which leads to reduce computational complexity. The second aim is to address the dynamic situation such that transport requests are given in real time. This paper introduces a switching type multi-objective cost function and considers how the MPC based method adds new request tasks to the scheduling problem in real-time for the dynamic situation. To verify the validity of the proposed method, some numerical examples are shown.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Dispatching,Model Predictive Control,Routing
Range clusters based time-of-flight 3d imaging obstacle detection in manifold space	2014	Optics Express	A new obstacle detection method using time-of-flight 3D imaging sensor based on range clusters is proposed. To effectively reduce the influence of outlier and noise in range images, we utilize intensity images to estimate noise deviation of the range images and a weighted local linear smoothing is used to project the data into a new manifold surface. The proposed method divides the 3D imaging data into range clusters with different shapes and sizes according to the distance ambient relation between the pixels, and some regulation criterions are set to adjust the range clusters into optimal shape and size. Experiments on the SwissRanger sensor data show that, compared to the traditional obstacle detection methods based on regular data patches, the proposed method can give more precious detection results. 2014 Optical Society of America.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	None
Development of an omni-directional mobile robot with two automated guided driving modules	2014	2014 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, IEEE ROBIO 2014	2014 IEEE.Wheeled mobile robots equipped with normal tires are used widely for transporting materials in industrial fields. High maneuverability especially omni-directional mobility in the floor is desired in narrow or crowded areas. An omni-directional mobile robot is developed in this paper by using two automated guided driving modules in a tandem layout. Each module has a suspension-like mechanism on the upper layer and a rotatable driving chassis with powered wheels on the lower layer. A kinematics model is built for this mobile robot, and a cross coupling control algorithm is developed for its omni-directional movement. An on-board camera is placed on the center of the robot to measure its pose deviations with respect to guide paths. In order to improve the accuracy of vision measuring, a plane target with the grid pattern is used to calibrate the intrinsic, distortion and extrinsic parameters of the on-board camera. This camera is then used to measure the pose deviations in the omni-directional motion experiment. The experiment results show the feasibility of that the combination of two guided driving modules can be used to improve the maneuverability of mobile robots.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Biotechnology,Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Study on class of automated guided vehicle stability based on dynamic output observer	2014	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Journal of Mechanical Engineering	In automated guided vehicle (AGV) system, a stability method, which is based on dynamic output observer, is put forward to solve the stability problem of trajectory tracking system. The model of AGV trajectory tracking system is built. The shortage of design method of dynamic output observer is discussed. It is proved that the condition number of eigenvector matrix has important influence on the system's robust stability. Because of the freedom of eigenvector assignment, the particle swarm arithmetic is used to optimize dynamic output observer. The freedom of eigenvector assignment is represented by the particle's position, and the condition number of eigenvector matrix is used to be the objective function. The particle swarm arithmetic is used to obtain the minimum value of the condition number. It is shown by simulation that the robust stability of dynamic output observer with particle swarm arithmetic is better than that of dynamic output observer and full-order observer.  2014 Journal of Mechanical Engineering.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Dynamic output observer,Particle swarm,Stability
Sequencing a batching flexible cell to minimise set-up costs	2014	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, we consider the problem of scheduling parts operations in flexible manufacturing cells. We consider the case in which the manufacturing cell has a single machine but can accommodate up to k parts at the same time. The processing of each part requires a sequence of different tools, and this implies a sequence of tool changes to be performed. Assuming constant set-up times, the objective is to minimise the total number of set-ups (tool switches), considering a material handling system able to remove a part from the manufacturing cell even if the other parts in the cell are not completed yet. Hence, the problem consists of partitioning the parts in k groups and sequencing them in each group. Such problem is NP-hard even for. In this work, we develop a heuristic algorithm for its solution and test its performance on randomly generated instances.  2014 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing cell,Flexible replacement,Sequencing,Seru,Set-up,Tool switch
Slip eliminator for robots on slippery 3D terrains	2014	Control and Intelligent Systems	Nonlinear model predictive control method is used for dynamic control of Hilare robots on slippery 3D terrains, while preventing wheel slip. The dynamics of the Hilare robot is deduced by considering 3D pose of the robot while moving on a hilly terrain. So, the dynamic equations and the control law consist of roll and pitch angles, representing the slope of the terrain. These Euler angles are fed forward to the system in real-time to attain more reliable controller performance. The control inputs are the longitudinal and the lateral traction forces of the wheels. It is assumed that a higher-level estimator finds the static coefficient of friction if sliding happens. The maximum affordable longitudinal and lateral static friction forces are used as the saturation constraints on control inputs. When the saturation limits are met by the controller, driving forces are less than the maximum affordable longitudinal and lateral static friction, which leads to the prevention of the wheel slip. The Hilare robot is simulated while tracking a circular path on a terrain of known static friction. The simulation results show that the designed controller is successful in allowing the Hilare robot to track the desired trajectory on the slippery hill of known static friction, while eliminating wheel slip. It is shown that a conventional controller fails under the same simulated conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	3D terrain,Input saturation,Mobile robot,Model-predictive control,Slip prevention
Congestion-aware dynamic routing in automated material handling systems	2014	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In automated material handling systems (AMHS), such as those used to transport wafers in semiconductor manufacturing facilities, vehicular congestion leads to transport delay and reduced production efficiency. Through the use of a high-fidelity simulation, we demonstrate a congestion-aware dynamic routing strategy that efficiently reroutes vehicles as congestion status changes. Steady-state routing performance moderately improves, the frequency of heavy congestion is significantly reduced, and the system recovers from vehicle breakdowns more efficiently.  2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	24	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Congestion,Dynamic vehicle routing,Material handling,Real-time,Semiconductor,Simulation
Integrated scheduling of resource-constrained flexible manufacturing systems using constraint programming	2014	Expert Systems with Applications	This contribution presents a novel approach to address the scheduling of resource-constrained flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). It deals with several critical features that are present in many FMS environments in an integrated way. The proposal consists in a constraint programming (CP) formulation that simultaneously takes into account the following sub-problems: (i) machine loading, (ii) manufacturing activities scheduling, (iii) part routing, (iv) machine buffer scheduling, (v) tool planning and allocation, and (vi) AGV scheduling, considering both the loaded and the empty movements of the device. Before introducing the model, this work points out the problems that might appear when all these issues are not concurrently taken into account. Then, the FMS scheduling model is presented and later assessed through several case-studies. The proposed CP approach has been tested by resorting to problems that consider dissimilar number of parts, operations per part, and tool copies, as well as different AGV speeds. The various examples demonstrate the importance of having an integrated formulation and show the important errors that can occur when critical issues such as AGV empty movements are neglected.  2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Argentina	36	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated job-shop,Constraint-programming,Flexible manufacturing systems,Resource-constrained scheduling
On the concerted design and scheduling of multiple resources for persistent UAV operations	2014	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	A fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) supported by logistics infrastructure, such as automated service stations, may be capable of long-term persistent operations. Typically, two key stages in the deployment of such a system are resource selection and scheduling. Here, we endeavor to conduct both of these phases in concert for persistent UAV operations. We develop a mixed integer linear program (MILP) to formally describe this joint design and scheduling problem. The MILP allows UAVs to replenish their energy resources, and then return to service, using any of a number of candidate service station locations distributed throughout the field. The UAVs provide service to known deterministic customer space-time trajectories. There may be many of these customer missions occurring simultaneously in the time horizon. A customer mission may be served by several UAVs, each of which prosecutes a different segment of the customer mission. Multiple tasks may be conducted by each UAV between visits to the service stations. The MILP jointly determines the number and locations of resources (design) and their schedules to provide service to the customers. We address the computational complexity of the MILP formulation via two methods. We develop a branch and bound algorithm that guarantees an optimal solution and is faster than solving the MILP directly via CPLEX. This method exploits numerous properties of the problem to reduce the search space. We also develop a modified receding horizon task assignment heuristic that includes the design problem (RHTAd). This method may not find an optimal solution, but can find feasible solutions to problems for which the other methods fail. Numerical experiments are conducted to assess the performance of the RHTAd and branch and bound methods relative to the MILP solved via CPLEX. For the experiments conducted, the branch and bound algorithm and RHTAd are about 500 and 25,000 times faster than the MILP solved via CPLEX, respectively. While the branch and bound algorithm obtains the same optimal value as CPLEX, RHTA d sacrifices about 5.5 % optimality on average.  2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	29	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Branch and bound algorithms,Concerted design and scheduling,Persistent UAV service,Replenishment stations,UAV scheduling for persistence
Carbon footprint inventory route planning and selection of hot spot suppliers	2014	International Journal of Production Economics	In order to achieve the data accuracy on carbon emission from the suppliers, a complete carbon footprint inventory must be compiled at each supplier's site. Generally speaking, to collect the carbon emission inventory, data from various sources must be obtained, resulting in consumption of many resources from enterprises and suppliers. Therefore, to perform the compilation efficiently, a more systematic method for visiting suppliers is required. The carbon footprint inventory routing problem, based the vehicle routing problem (VRP), explores the selection of appropriate suppliers for inventory compilation after the carbon emission reaches a certain accuracy level and determination of the efficient carbon emission inventory route. In this study, the VRP is modified for the selection of the suppliers. Furthermore, by applying the sensitivity analysis, this study discusses the replacement of primary data by secondary data and development of the decision method that can be used to evaluate the route optimization, efficiency maximization, and cost minimization for carbon footprint inventory routing planning.  2013 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	16	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Carbon footprint inventory,Sensitivity analysis,Supplier selection,Vehicle routing problem
Using direct methods for terminal guidance of autonomous aerial delivery systems	2014	2009 European Control Conference, ECC 2009	2009 EUCA.This paper discusses the usage of direct methods of calculus of variations for real-time optimization of a final turn-into-the-wind maneuver for autonomous guided parafoil-based delivery systems. It reviews several approaches that are currently being pursued by different developers of such systems and discusses the necessity of usage and applicability of a direct method to optimize the final turn. The proposed approach seeks for an optimal solution within a certain class of parameterized inertial trajectories and further employs inverse dynamics to find the corresponding control. This approach has been successfully used in a variety of real-time applications already and proved to work well in a developed miniature aerial delivery system, Snowflake, as well. The paper presents the results of the most recent real drops and ends with a discussion of the developed algorithm as compared to another one, pursued by Draper Laboratory, where instead of parameterizing a reference trajectory the control itself is being parameterized. The paper ends with conclusions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Robust supervisory control policy for avoiding deadlock in automated manufacturing systems with unreliable resources	2014	International Journal of Production Research	Developing effective supervisory control policies that guarantee deadlock-free operations for automated manufacturing systems (AMSs) has been an active area of research for the past two decades or so. A great deal of work has been done for the systems with reliable resources; while only a few works are about unreliable resources. This paper addresses the robust deadlock supervisory control problem in AMSs with multiple unreliable resources. The objective is to develop a robust supervisory control policy for AMS under which the system can continue producing all part types not requiring any of the failed resources without manual intervention. Our policy is made up of a modified Bankers Algorithm and a set of remaining resource capacity constraints. A state is feasible if and only if it satisfies both of them. By using the improved version of the existing Bankers Algorithm, our control policy has more permissibility. An example is provided to illustrate that the policy gains advantage over the original one in permissiveness.  2013 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),control policy,deadlock avoidance,robust control
An effective trace-guided wave-front navigation and map building approach for autonomous mobile robots	2014	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	This paper aims to address a trace-guided real-time navigation and map building approach of an autonomous mobile robot. Wave-front based global path planner is developed to generate a global trajectory for an autonomous mobile robot. Modified Vector Field Histogram (M-VFH) is employed based on the LIDAR sensor information to guide the robot locally to be autonomously traversed with obstacle avoidance by following traces provided by the global path planner. A local map composed of square grids is created through the local navigator while the robot traverses with limited LIDAR sensory information. From the measured sensory information, a map of the robot's immediate limited surroundings is dynamically built for the robot navigation. The real-time wave-front based navigation and map building methodology has been successfully demonstrated in a Player/Stage simulation environment. With the wave-front-based global path planner and M-VFH local navigator, a safe, short, and reasonable trajectory is successfully planned in a majority of situations without any templates, without explicitly optimizing any global cost functions, and without any learning procedures. Its effectiveness, feasibility, efficiency and simplicity of the proposed real-time navigation and map building of an autonomous mobile robot have been successfully validated by simulation and comparison studies. Comparison studies of the proposed approach with the other path planning approaches demonstrate that the proposed method is capable of planning more reasonable and shorter collision-free trajectories autonomously.  2013 Copyright SPIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	7	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	global path panning,LIDAR-based navigator,map building,navigation,trace-guided,Wave-front path planning
A novel LIDAR-driven two-level approach for real-time unmanned ground vehicle navigation and map building	2014	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	In this paper, a two-level LIDAR-driven hybrid approach is proposed for real-time unmanned ground vehicle navigation and map building. Top level is newly designed enhanced Voronoi Diagram (EVD) method to plan a global trajectory for an unmanned vehicle. Bottom level employs Vector Field Histogram (VFH) algorithm based on the LIDAR sensor information to locally guide the vehicle under complicated workspace, in which it autonomously traverses from one node to another within the planned EDV with obstacle avoidance. To find the least-cost path within the EDV, novel distance and angle based search heuristic algorithms are developed, in which the cost of an edge is the risk of traversing the edge. An EVD is first constructed based on the environment, which is utilized to generate the initial global trajectory with obstacle avoidance. The VFH algorithm is employed to guide the vehicle to follow the path locally. Its effectiveness and efficiency of real-time navigation and map building for unmanned vehicles have been successfully validated by simulation studies and experiments. The proposed approach is successfully experimented on an actual unmanned vehicle to demonstrate the real-time navigation and map building performance of the proposed method. The vehicle appears to follow a very stable path while navigating through various obstacles.  2013 Copyright SPIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	6	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Diagram,Enhanced Voronoi,Heuristic algorithms,LIDAR sensor,Local navigator,Map building,Navigation,Twolevel approach,Unmanned ground vehicle
Hybrid architecture for coordination of AGVs in FMS	2014	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	This paper presents a hybrid control architecture that coordinates the motion of groups of automated guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing systems. The high-level control is based on a Petri net model, using the industrial standard ISA-95, obtaining a task-based coordination of equipment and storage considering process restrictions, logical precedences, shared resources and the assignment of robots to move workpieces individually or in subgroups. On the other hand, in the low-level control, three basic control laws are designed for unicycle-type robots in order to achieve desired formation patterns and marching behaviours, avoiding inter-robot collisions. The control scheme combines the task assignment for the robots obtained from the discreteevent model and the implementation of formation and marching continuous control laws applied to the motion of the mobile robots. The hybrid architecture is implemented and validated for the case of a flexible manufacturing system and four mobile robots using a virtual reality platform. 2014 The Author(s). Licensee InTec.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	5	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Formation control,Marching control,Multi-robot systems,Petri nets,Unicycles
Gold-fish SLAM: An application of SLAM to localize AGVs	2014	Springer Tracts in Advanced Robotics	Themain focus of this paper is to present a case study of a SLAM solution for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) operating in real-world industrial environments. The studied solution, called Gold-fish SLAM, was implemented to provide localization estimates in dynamic industrial environments, where there are static landmarks that are only rarely perceived by the AGVs. The main idea of Gold-fish SLAM is to consider the goods that enter and leave the environment as temporary landmarks that can be used in combination with the rarely seen static landmarks to compute online estimates of AGV poses. The solution is tested and verified in a factory of paper using an eight ton diesel-truck retrofitted with an AGV control system running at speeds up to 3m/s. The paper includes also a general discussion on how SLAM can be used in industrial applications with AGVs.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	None
Robot navigation system with RFID and ultrasonic sensors	2014	Middle - East Journal of Scientific Research	The paper proposed a new navigation method for indoor mobile robots. The robot system is composed of a Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tag sensor, a laser range scanner and a mobile platform and Ultrasonic sensors. The RFID tags are used as landmarks for global path planning and the topological relation map which shows the connection of scattered tags through the environment is used as course instructions to a goal. The robot automatically moves along hallways using the scanned range data until a tag is found and then refers to the topological map for the next movement. Our proposed technique would be useful for real-world robotic applications such as intelligent navigation for motorized wheelchairs, surveillance and security purposes and in Nuclear power plants where humans are prone to harmful radiations.  IDOSI Publications, 2014.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	10	Multidisciplinary	Indoor mobile robots,Mobile platform,RFID,Robot navigation system,Topological maps,Ultrasonic sensors
Vehicle fleet sizing for automated material handling systems to minimize cost subject to time constraints	2014	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	Vehicle fleet sizing for an Automated Material Handling System (AMHS) is an important but challenging problem due to the complexity of AMHS design and uncertainty involved in the production process; e.g., random processing time. For a complex manufacturing system such as semiconductor manufacturing, the problem is even more complex. This article studies the vehicle fleet sizing problem in semiconductor manufacturing and proposes a formulation and solution method, called Simulation Sequential Metamodeling (SSM), to facilitate the determination of the optimal vehicle fleet size that minimizes the vehicle cost while satisfying time constraints. The proposed approach is to sequentially construct a series of metamodels, solve the approximate problem, and evaluate the quality of the resulting solution. Once the resulting solution is satisfactory, the algorithm is terminated. Compared with the existing metamodeling approaches that employ a large number of observations for one time, the sequential nature of SSM allows it to achieve much better computational efficiency. Furthermore, a newly developed estimation method enables SSM to quantify the quality of the resulting solution. Extensive numerical experiments show that SSM outperforms the existing methods and the computational advantage of SSM is increasing with the problem size and the level of the variance of response variables. An empirical study based on real data is conducted to validate the viability of SSM in practical settings.  2014 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	13	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	metamodeling,simulation,time constraints,Vehicle fleet sizing
Optimal partitioning of vertical zones in vehicle-based warehouse systems	2014	International Journal of Production Research	New innovations in warehouse automation systems such as autonomous vehicle-based storage and retrieval (AVS/R) system offer greater flexibility and responsiveness in processing unit-load storage and retrieval transactions in high-density storage areas. To optimise system performance, new technologies should be implemented with optimal setting of design parameters. This research is a first attempt to model a zone-captive AVS/R system and understand the effect of number and boundary of vertical zones on system performance measures. Further, we also analyse the effect of aisle orientation within a tier on cycle times. A detailed simulation model of a multi-tier zone-captive system is built to capture the dynamics of the system i.e. interaction among the vehicles, lift and incoming transaction requests, and estimate the performance measures of interest. The numerical experiments show that the transaction cycle times can be reduced by 1-12% with optimal partitioning of vertical zones and further reduced by 0.2-15.0% by a better aisle orientation.  2013 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	6	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	autonomous vehicle technology,distribution centres,simulation,unit-load warehouses,vertical zones
Analysis on container port capacity: a Markovian modeling approach	2014	OR Spectrum	2013, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Container ports handle outbound, inbound, and transshipment containers plying between the area for vessels on the quay and the storage space in the yard. Port operators typically concentrate their efforts on the container handling process with the aims of increasing the productivity of quay-side operations and reducing the time in port of vessels. Recognizing that operation processes necessitate containers to stay in the storage space for a certain period before moving to other areas, the operational efficiency at the yard (in addition to that at the quayside) plays an influential role in ensuring performance measures of a container port. This study develops analytical models based on the Markov chain to estimate the port capacity under various combinations of resources, namely, quay cranes, yard cranes, and prime movers. Important performance measures representing the capacity in the proposed models are analyzed and sensitivity analyses of the port capacity are conducted through numerical experiments. The results under the suggested operational strategies are also compared.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	9	Management Science and Operations Research	Markov chain,Operational strategies,Performance measures,Port capacity,Resources
Optical 3D laser measurement system for navigation of autonomous mobile robot	2014	Optics and Lasers in Engineering	In our current research, we are developing a practical autonomous mobile robot navigation system which is capable of performing obstacle avoiding task on an unknown environment. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a robot navigation system which works using a high accuracy localization scheme by dynamic triangulation. Our two main ideas are (1) integration of two principal systems, 3D laser scanning technical vision system (TVS) and mobile robot (MR) navigation system. (2) Novel MR navigation scheme, which allows benefiting from all advantages of precise triangulation localization of the obstacles, mostly over known camera oriented vision systems. For practical use, mobile robots are required to continue their tasks with safety and high accuracy on temporary occlusion condition. Presented in this work, prototype II of TVS is significantly improved over prototype I of our previous publications in the aspects of laser rays alignment, parasitic torque decrease and friction reduction of moving parts. The kinematic model of the MR used in this work is designed considering the optimal data acquisition from the TVS with the main goal of obtaining in real time, the necessary values for the kinematic model of the MR immediately during the calculation of obstacles based on the TVS data.  2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	74	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3D laser scanner,Autonomous navigation,Mobile robot,Trajectory planning,Vision system
Cooperation mechanisms in multi-agent robotic systems and their use in distributed manufacturing control: Issues and literature review	2014	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2014 IEEE.This paper provides a brief overview of recent cooperation mechanisms in multi-agent systems in order to establish a starting point for a new framework based on multi-agent systems in manufacturing systems and robotics. The relationships and possibilities of cross-fertilization between robotics and manufacturing systems are presented, and several issues concerning cooperation mechanisms introduced. A literature review is provided and some future prospects proposed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous mobile robots,Flexible manufacturing systems,Multi-agent systems,New control applications
Integration and optimization of quay cranes and trucks at container terminal	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Along with the rapid growth of world trade, new requirement for throughput efficiency of modern container port are put forward. The existing optimization method to research the transport of the container terminal is single and complex. So in this article, the quantitative integrated optimization of the quay cranes and the trucks is made and the research scale is enlarge, in order to improve the efficiency of the research results. A model is built based on queuing network theory, and the mathematical algorithm is used to solve the model. Some experiments are used to demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of this study. The result shows that developed a genetic algorithm get the most optimal ratio of resource, and through a series of numerical examples. Are given The method to match the quay cranes and the trucks at container port logistics system, obtained by the techniques and algorithms in this study, can improvs the comprehensive efficiency of container ports.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Optimization,Queuing network theory,Resource scheduling
Tandem Lift Quay Cranes and Yard Trucks scheduling problem at container terminals	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The reasonable dispatching and scheduling of the Tandem Quay Cranes and trucks is the foundation to improve the efficiency of the container terminals. Under the base of single lift quay cranes research, a research on Tandem Lift Quay Cranes and Yard Trucks scheduling is carried on in this paper. A mixed integer programming (MIP) model can be built to solve an integrated tandem lift quay crane and yard truck scheduling problem (i-TLQCYT). A Local Sequence-cut Method is applied to solve the model. Then the shortest time to complete the unloading operations can be got.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Container terminal,Local sequence-cut method,Tandem Lift Quay Cranes,Yard Cranes scheduling
Platform of tracked electric tower wagon for eco-friendly agriculture	2014	2014 Joint 7th International Conference on Soft Computing and Intelligent Systems, SCIS 2014 and 15th International Symposium on Advanced Intelligent Systems, ISIS 2014	2014 IEEE.In this paper, platform of tracked electric tower wagon for eco-friendly agriculture is proposed. Recently, climate change, including global warming, is progressing rapidly worldwide. To respond to climate change, the world is focusing its efforts. Agricultural field production methods are also needed transition for environmentally friendly farming systems. Currently, most of the agricultural equipment was used the engine power. Responding to a global environmental problem for the eco-friendly system for the conversion of agricultural platform is needed. Thus, eco-friendly platform of tracked electric tower wagon for agriculture using electric power was developed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Software,Artificial Intelligence	agriculture,eco-friendly,electric vehicle
Navigation method using fuzzy line tracking for the transportation robot	2014	2014 Joint 7th International Conference on Soft Computing and Intelligent Systems, SCIS 2014 and 15th International Symposium on Advanced Intelligent Systems, ISIS 2014	2014 IEEE.In the paper, we propose a navigation method using fuzzy line tracking and D∗Lite algorithm based on a QR code map. Path planning using D∗Lite is implemented on the server. Fuzzy line tracking is developed by using image processing technique. At first, we design a virtual map which is composed of QR code nodes. We generate an optimized path for navigation on the map. Accuracy of the navigation is enhanced by fuzzy line tracking method. The proposed method is verified by simulation study as well as experiment on a real environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Software,Artificial Intelligence	D ∗Lite,Fuzzy Line Tracking,Navigation Method,Path Planning,Transportation Robot
A modified shifting bottleneck heuristic and disjunctive graph for job shop scheduling problems with transportation constraints	2014	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, we consider job shop scheduling problems with transportation constraints and bounded processing times. We use a modified disjunctive graph to represent the whole characteristics and constraints of such considered problems. Compared with classical disjunctive graph, it contains not only processing nodes, but also transportation and storage nodes. There are also positive and negative arcs for bounded processing time constraints, transportation times and minimum and maximum allowed storage times before and after each processing task. The objective is to minimise makespan. A feasible solution for makespan is found, if its associated graph contains no positive cycle. A modified shifting bottleneck procedure is used to solve the studied job shop problems which are represented by disjunctive graphs. It is coupled with a heuristic for assigning and sequencing transportation tasks iteratively. To validate our approach, several types of benchmarks with fixed or bounded processing times are tested, corresponding to flexible manufacturing systems, robotic cells and surface treatment facilities. Computational results show that the modified disjunctive graph and the proposed method are efficient and can deal with various cases.  2013 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	22	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	bounded processing times,disjunctive graph,job shop scheduling,shifting bottleneck procedure,transportation
Design of high throughput conveyor system of potted rice based on automated guided vehicle system	2014	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	On the basis of the automated guided vehicle (AGV) system, a set of high throughput conveyor system of potted rice was designed in this study to solve the problem that the potted rice should be moved frequently in the cultivation area. The high throughput conveyor system of potted rice can not only realize the automatic conveying in the whole period of cultivation of potted rice, but also provide a feasible implementation scheme to the conveying of the other greenhouse potted plants. The system mainly consists of the AGV system, the unpowered plantation trough, the transport line preparing for testing, the transport line for operation, the entrance-exit machine, the communication system, the control system, and so on. The potted rice can be moved by aid of the AGV and the transport line. In the cultivation area, all the unpowered plantation troughs are placed in rows and there are twenty-four pots of rice placed in each unpowered plantation trough. According to the instruction, the AGV can firstly pick up the unpowered plantation trough, and put it on the entrance-exit machine. And all the twenty-four pots of rice then enter the transport line at the same time. After that, all the pots of rice are moved to the designed test or operation positions in sequence. When all the tests or operations on the twenty-four pots of rice are completed, all the twenty-four pots of rice are moved to leave the transport line at the same time through the unpowered plantation trough, and then placed to their original position by using the AGV. The AGV is located accurately by the laser bar code with the positional accuracy of (±5) mm, and the maximum velocity of AGV is set at 60 m/min. The AGV moves smoothly and steadily when the AGV picking, placing or moving the unpowered plantation trough, so the trough can not fall easily. In this paper, 240 pots of rice were chosen randomly for the experiment on the transport of the potted rice. The results showed that the high throughput conveyor system of potted rice could meet the velocity requirement of the test for all the pots of rice, and the AGV could pick and place the troughs accurately. In addition, all the troughs were not dumped and had no collision with other objects. Furthermore, all the pots of rice were stable all the time when moving, and all the rice was intact. The equipment in the greenhouse can also be in regionalized management.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	AGV (automated guided vehicle) system,Control equipment,Control system analysis,Conveyor system,Potted rice,Throughput,Unpowered plantation trough
An integrated technique for the internal logistics analysis and management in discrete manufacturing systems	2014	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	A novel hierarchical and iterative technique is presented for the analysis and management of the internal logistics of manufacturing systems. The method effectively integrates the value stream mapping (VSM) tool, the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) approach, and discrete event simulation. Starting from a concise description of the manufacturing system obtained by the VSM graphical approach, so as to identify nonvalue-adding activities, a detailed and standardised description is obtained by the unified modelling language (UML). Then the AHP technique is used to rank the system anomalies, singling out the major ones. Further application of the VSM tool produces an overall picture of the desired manufacturing system internal flow, and the UML description details the to-be system activities. Finally, the use of discrete event simulation allows the quantitative verification of the effects of the changes in the production system. The proposed technique is a tool to systematically improve the internal logistics of complex production systems while assessing the system dynamics and corresponding performance improvements. An application of the method to a real case study enlightens its effectiveness.  2013 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	8	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	analytic hierarchy process,discrete event simulation,internal logistics,manufacturing systems,unified modelling language,value stream mapping
A novel augmented reality-based interface for robot path planning	2014	International Journal on Interactive Design and Manufacturing	Intuitive and efficient interfaces for robot task planning have been a challenging issue in robotics as it is essential for the prevalence of robots supporting humans in key areas of activities. This paper presents a novel augmented reality (AR) based interface for interactive robot path and end-effector (EE) orientation planning. A number of human-virtual robot interaction methods have been formulated and implemented with respect to the various types of robotic operations needed in different applications. A Euclidean distance-based method is developed to assist the users in the modification of the waypoints so as to update the planned paths and/or orientation profiles within the proposed AR environment. The virtual cues augmented in the real environment can support and enhance human-virtual robot interaction at different stages of the robot tasks planning process. Two case studies are presented to demonstrate the successful implementation of the proposed AR-based interface in planning robot pick-and-place tasks and path following tasks.  2013 Springer-Verlag France.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	29	Modeling and Simulation,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Augmented reality,End-effector orientation planning,Human-robot interface,Robot path planning
Optimization of unidirectional material handling system with short-cut	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Unidirectional circulation-type material handling system on a single loop with a shortcut is a typical and basic unit in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). It is widely used in the FMSs. Superposition efficiency of the basic unit often determines the one of the whole system. In this system, a fleet of AGVs circulates along a loop with short-cut unidirectionally. After AGVs load jobs, jobs are sent to process at a processing station set along the path, and then unload at an unloading station. AGVs continue to circulate until all jobs are processed. The AGVs can't be overtaken except in the cross point. So it is difficult to avoid the interference between AGVs. Different scheduling rules have an important effect on the unidirectional circulation-type material handling system on a single loop with a shortcut. To decrease the interference and improve performance of the system, this paper makes a mathematical model of this system and put forward optimal scheduling rules. Experiment results show that the optimal rules can decrease the interference time and improve efficiency, so as to achieve the optimal performance.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Material handling system,Optimization,Scheduling,Short-cut
The improved delay time-based (IDTB) algorithm to perform computation type application processes	2014	Proceedings - 2014 International Conference on Network-Based Information Systems, NBiS 2014	2014 IEEE.In order to realize high performance information systems, server cluster systems are widely used. Here, since application processes are performed on multiple servers, the larger electric energy is consumed in a server cluster. The delay time-based (DTB) algorithm is discussed to select a server for each request process so that the total energy consumption of a server cluster to perform application processes can be reduced. However, in the DTB algorithm, if the average interarrival time of request processes is shorter than the minimum computation time of each process, the average response time of each process increases. This means, computation resources in a server cluster cannot be efficiently used in the DTB algorithm. In this paper, we propose an improved DTB (IDTB) algorithm to reduce the total energy consumption of a server cluster and more efficiently to use the computation resources for performing application processes in a server cluster even if the average interarrival time of request processes is shorter than the minimum computation time of each process. We evaluate the IDTB algorithm compared with the basic round-robin (RR), improved power consumption laxity-based (IPCLB), and DTB algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Delay time-based (DTB) algorithm,Energy-aware distributed systems,Green IT,Improved delay time-based (IDTB) algorithm,Server cluster systems
Developing automated and integrated flexible manufacturing system	2014	5th IEEE International Conference on Cognitive Infocommunications, CogInfoCom 2014 - Proceedings	2014 IEEE.In order to achieve high-level of competitiveness in today's ever changing market, manufacturers have to maintain high-level of responsiveness to customers' preference. Due to this reason, the appropriate implication of flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is of great significance in determining the success of a company. FMS enables rapid production of various types of products with small scale so as to satisfy customer's requirements for high-level of product variability, however, the high initial investment and unit production cost make it become a challenge especially for small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs). In this paper, the conceptual design and practical development of an automated and integrated small-scale FMS at the workshop of Narvik University College (NUC) is introduced. This study aims to build up the knowledge in designing and implementing smallscale FMS in practical context, and it also provides the local SMEs with knowledge support in their production.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Signal Processing	Flexible manufacturing system,layout,logiticstcs,optimization,simulation
The redundant delay time-based (RDTB) algorithm for fault tolerant server clusters	2014	Proceedings - 2014 9th International Conference on Broadband and Wireless Computing, Communication and Applications, BWCCA 2014	2014 IEEE.Server cluster systems are widely used to realize high performance and fault-tolerant information systems. In order to make a server cluster fault-tolerant, multiple replicas of each application process are performed on multiple servers. However, the larger electric energy is consumed in a server cluster due to redundant execution of multiple replicas. The redundant power consumption laxity-based (RPCLB) algorithm is discussed to select multiple servers for energy-efficiently performing replicas of each application process so that the total energy consumption of a server cluster can be reduced. Here, a load balancer has to collect a state of every current replica to estimate the energy consumption of each server. It is difficult to precisely estimate the energy consumption of each server in the real environment since the state of each replica on a server is changed during the estimation. In this paper, we propose a novel redundant delay time based (RDTB) algorithm to select multiple servers for redundantly performing each application process so that the total energy consumption of a server cluster can be reduced. Here, it is not necessary to collect a state of every replica to estimate the energy consumption of each server. Hence, the overhead of a load balancer can be reduced in the RDTB algorithm than the RPCLB algorithm. We evaluate the RDTB algorithm compared with the basic round-robin and RPCLB algorithms. In the evaluation, we show the average total energy consumption of a server cluster in the RDTB algorithm is the same as the RPCLB algorithm and can be maximally reduced to 36% of the RR algorithm. We show the average response time of each process in the RPCLB, RDTB, and RR algorithms is the same. In addition, we show the total number of messages exchanged between a load balancer and servers in the RDTB algorithm is the same as the RR algorithm and can be more reduce than the RPCLB algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	Energy-aware systems,Fault tolerant systems,Green IT,Redundant delay time-based (RDTB) algorithm,Server cluster systems
Maximally permissive liveness-enforcing supervisor with lowest implementation cost for flexible manufacturing systems	2014	Information Sciences	This paper develops a place invariant based deadlock prevention method to obtain a maximally permissive Petri net supervisor with the lowest implementation cost. A supervisor consists of a set of control places and the arcs connecting control places to transitions. We assign an implementation cost for each control place and control and observation costs for each transition. Based on reachability graph analysis, maximal permissiveness can be achieved by designing place invariants that prohibit all first-met bad markings but no legal markings. By solving an integer linear programming problem (ILPP), a set of optimal control places are obtained and the objective function is used to minimize the implementation cost of the final supervisor. A vector covering approach is used to reduce the number of considered markings, aiming to reduce the computational overhead of the proposed method. Finally, a number of examples are proposed to illustrate the proposed approach.  2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	28	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Deadlock prevention,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Lowest implementation cost,Optimal liveness-enforcing supervisor,Petri net
An interval-valued fuzzy controller for complex dynamical systems with application to a 3-PSP parallel robot	2014	Fuzzy Sets and Systems	In this paper, we present a novel interval-valued fuzzy model-based controller for handling the effects of uncertainty in controlling a complex dynamical system. Theoretically, model-based controllers may be the ideal control mechanisms; however, they are highly sensitive to model uncertainties and lack robustness. These controllers are also computationally intensive, rendering them unusable for many real-world applications. In this work, we incorporate an interval fuzzy logic paradigm into a computed-torque controller for a 3-PSP parallel robot. This paradigm aims to handle the uncertainties in the robot model. The proposed approach benefits from algebraic operations on type-I fuzzy numbers to enhance its capability in dealing with uncertainty. The simulations prove the superiority of the proposed controller in the presence of uncertainty. Furthermore, comparisons with a competing type-I reduced controller as well as a PD controller show this superiority to be more pronounced especially when noise level is remarkably high. Moreover, the designed controller satisfies the computational complexity constraints for real-time implementation.  2013 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	21	Logic,Artificial Intelligence	Computed-torque control method (CTC),Fuzzy control,Interval-valued fuzzy logic,Parallel manipulators,Robotics,Type-II fuzzy logic (T2FL)
Modified hungarian algorithm for real-time ALV dispatching problem in huge container terminals	2014	Journal of Networks	It is a fundamental decision making process in container terminals to allocate container transporting works among ALVs. Nowadays, container terminals tend to be larger in storage space and more efficient in handling. As a result, estimations of ALV travel times could be inaccurate, the scale of ALV work allocation could be quite large, and a fixed handling sequence could be hardly ensured beforehand. Hence, it is presented a real-time dispatching method, consisting of an allocation model for instantaneous ALV dispatching, and a set of events which trigger a new instantaneous dispatching. A modified Hungarian Algorithm is applied to solve the instantaneous dispatching model, and it is verified that the modified Algorithm outperforms the original one, even CPLEX, in solving these allocation problems.  2014 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Networks and Communications	Allocation model,Huge container terminal,Hungarian algorithm,Real-time ALV dispatching
Column generation heuristics for ship routing and scheduling problems in crude oil transportation with split deliveries	2014	Computers and Chemical Engineering	We propose a column generation based heuristic algorithm to solve a ship routing and scheduling problem for crude oil transportation with split deliveries. The problem is to find an optimal assignment and sequence and loading volume of demand simultaneously in order to minimize the total distance satisfying the capacity of tankers. The problem can be considered as a multi-product heterogeneous fleet split pickup ship routing problem with finite capacity and loading constraints. An efficient heuristic algorithm based on the column generation method is developed to generate a feasible solution taking into account of practical constraints. The performance of the proposed method is compared with the branch and bound algorithm and that of human operators. Computational results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm for a real case.  2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	21	Chemical Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	Column generation,Crude oil transportation,Heuristics,Split delivery vehicle routing problem
Design of collaborative, cross & carry mobile robots "C3Bots	2014	Advanced Materials Research	This paper presents an introduction about C3Bots project which aims to design collaborative, cross and carry mobile robots. In this project it is considered to design an innovative robotic system based on modular entities with a simple mechanical architecture able to collaborate to ensure object co-manipulation and transport. The resulting multi-robot system is called C3Bots. In this paper we present the first version of this system using a parallelogram mechanism for comanipulation and the realized prototypes which are going to be used for first experiments.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	France	7	Engineering (all)	Collaborative mobile robots,Object manipulation and transport
Task scheduling for multiple forklift AGVs in distribution warehouses	2014	19th IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA 2014	2014 IEEE.Distribution warehouses are considered in this paper with the aim of scheduling the transportation of pallet and roll pallet loads from the storage area to the gates at which the trucks arrive. Transportation activities are carried out by forklift AGVs that can move freely along the warehouse's aisles (guide paths are not considered). In this paper, an optimization procedure is proposed, which is based on three sequential phases. In the first phase, the number of AGVs to be allocated to each arrived truck is determined; in the second phase, an AGV-to-truck assignment problem is solved; in the third phase, the single tasks are assigned to and sequenced on the AGVs. All phases are based on the formalization and solution of a specific mathematical programming problem, and a heuristic procedure is also proposed to solve a part of the third phase.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	None
The deadlock problem in the control of Flexible Manufacturing Systems: An overview of the Petri net approach	2014	19th IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA 2014	2014 IEEE.The disparity of Petri net models in the literature for the study of resource allocation problems in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs) is overwhelming. Paradoxically, those models often strongly overlap in terms of their modeling capability. Such clustering seems to be impelled by a mature knowledge of results which capsize liveness at the topological level of the FMS for families of models which comply with some properties of good behaviour. Not rarely, such properties are embraced at the expense of severe or inconsistent syntax restrictions paying slight regard to actual modelling requirements in the application domain of FMSs. In this paper, we promote a distillation of the current amalgam of subclasses and tangent results, proposing taxonomic categories that allow capturing the different capabilities of each kind of model and establishing a reference framework for past and future advances.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	None
Extended elementary siphon-based deadlock prevention policy for a class of generalised Petri nets	2014	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	This paper develops a novel deadlock prevention policy for a class of generalised Petri nets, namely S4PR that can well model flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). The analysis of generalised Petri nets leads us to characterise deadlock situations in terms of insufficiently marked siphons. The theory of elementary siphons guides our efforts towards the development of structurally simple liveness-enforcing supervisors. Therefore, insufficiently marked siphons can be classified into elementary ones and dependent ones. The controllability of a dependent siphon can be ensured by properly supervising its elementary ones. In order to find a compact and proper set of elementary siphons for S4PR, the concept of augmented siphons is proposed. Then, the concept of max'-controlled siphons is employed, which can relax the siphon controllability condition. By explicitly controlling elementary siphons via adding monitors, a liveness-enforcing controlled system can be found. In addition, the liveness-enforcing supervisor with more permissive behaviour is obtained through the rearrangement of the output arcs of the monitors. Finally, an FMS case study is utilised to demonstrate the proposed method.  2013 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock prevention,Elementary siphon,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net
Design of the Automatic Guided Vehicle Control System Applied to Automotive Logistics	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	2014 Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.In order to improve the efficiency of auto parts distribution logistics, to lower the cost of auto production in transportation logistics, and to reduce accidents, in this paper it is designed that an automatic guided vehicle control system to replace the manned tractors in the distribution sites. The system is equipped with an infrared homing device that can ensure the automated guided vehicle (AGV) along a predetermined route automatic driving at a given distribution information, without the needs to manually guided. Test results show that the circuit performance of AGV control system is stable to ensure the accuracy of the tracking in the practical application, and the mean absolute error of the tracking is less than 0.04m.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),DC Gear Motor,Infrared Sensor
Design of a double-deck automatic guided vehicle with magnetic traction for material transporting	2014	2014 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, IEEE ICMA 2014	Automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) are pervasively used in plants, warehouses, institutes, and ports. Research on AGVs for foodstuff, biochemistry, medical testing, etc. however, due to their speciality, attracted little attention. In this paper, a novel double-deck AGV for material transporting in a narrow enclosed channel is proposed. This vehicle is composed of a trailer (the upper deck) and a tractor (the lower deck), which are separated by the channel floor. The upper and lower decks move synchronously by magnetic attraction induced by unaligned position of two sets of permanent magnets. The shape and layout of the magnets are analyzed to maximize the magnetic traction and minimize the friction of wheels. The AGV is designed in compact and modular structure, manoeuvrable and convenient to maintain. Application results show that the AGV system works reliable, operates simple and is easy to control, etc., which makes it particularly suitable to accomplish tasks of material transporting in narrow enclosed channels.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,magnetic traction,magnetism optimization,permanent magnets,structure design
Hierarchical approach to developing a logistic discrete event simulation model using Automated Guided Vehicles	2014	26th European Modeling and Simulation Symposium, EMSS 2014	The paper deals with the hierarchical approach used in developing a logistic discrete event simulation model using AGV (Automated Guided Vehicles) in a real industrial company. The hierarchical approach (using the principles of object oriented programming and inheritance) was used to develop the simulation model. We used template class programming and we also used the principle of inheritance in the simulation model. We used the structured Excel file to set up the input simulation model input parameters and objects in the simulation model. We used a genetic algorithm to find suitable settings for the simulation model. The simulation model was built in Plant Simulation v. 11.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	4	Modeling and Simulation	Automated Guided Vehicles,Discrete Events Simulation,Hierarchical Approach to Developing a Logistic Discrete Event Simulation Model,Simulation Optimization
Development of field control system of automated guided vehicle based on wireless local area network and can bus	2014	Key Engineering Materials	In this paper, we realize a real-time communication based on wireless local area network (WIFI) and controller area network (CAN) bus and develop a distributed control system for an automated guided vehicle (AGV). The system consists of two levels: (1) communication between AGVs and main computer based on WIFI, (2) communicationg between control units of AGV based on CAN bus. A real-time operating system μC/OS-II was used to control time, which significantly reduces the time for program and improves development efficiency. Finally, a small-size distributed AGV controller is developed as the main control unit of AGV and a distributed I/O system is developed based on it.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	China	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Can bus,Field control system,Wireless local area network
Trajectory planning for AGVs in automated container terminals using avoidance constraints: A case study	2014	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	IFAC.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used to transport containers between the quayside and the stacking area in automated container terminals. The behavior of AGVs becomes complex when the trajectories of AGVs need to be scheduled with interacting machines, while satisfying collision avoidance constraints. This paper proposes a new two-level energy-aware approach for generating the trajectories of AGVs in automated container terminals. The higher-level controller decides an energy-efficient schedule based on the minimal-time calculation of all machines. The higher-level controller solves optimal control problems to determine collision-free trajectories of individual AGVs. This obtained control problem of an AGV is then formulated as a mixed integer linear programming problem. Simulation results illustrate the potential of the proposed approach in a case study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	8	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Collision avoidance,Optimal control,Trajectory planning
Automated guided vehicle with robotic logistics system	2014	Procedia Engineering	2014 The Authors.Development of automated guided vehicle plays a major role in engineering industries to improve the material handling technique for recent years. In this paper, an automated guided vehicle (AGV) includes a material transfer system located on the top and driving device at the bottom to move the vehicle as desired. The vehicle is a customised AGV in which it will do the special material handling task and also used for custom applications. The vehicle works on its own once the program is feed into the control device. The control device is common to both driving device and transfer device which are connected together. The control device operates the vehicle and maintains the ultimate process of automated guided vehicle. Proximity sensors are set up in the AGV's pathway to detect the vehicle movement which directly controls the start and stop process of AGV. Photo sensors are incorporated to detect the material or object in the station. A material transfer system includes loading and unloading of material through set of specific device, in which the electrical connections are interconnected. The control device receives signal from the transfer device once transferring gets completed and transmits signal to the driving system to move the vehicle to the next destination point. In accordance with the flow path, the magnetic tape method is best suited to this vehicle for best outcome. The best flow path is designed considering all aspects. It is a battery powered vehicle in which it charges automatically. Inductive power transfermethods were implemented in the vehicle to enhance better performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	12	Engineering (all)	Control device,Magnetic tape,Photosensors,Proximity sensors,Transfer device
Research on a 3 DOF Automated Guided Vehicle based on the improved feedback linearization method	2014	Proceedings of the 33rd Chinese Control Conference, CCC 2014	2014 TCCT, CAA.The common used 2 degree-of-freedom(DOF) Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) exists insufficient in flexibility and mobility. In this paper, a 3 DOF AGV structure is adopted with two action wheels and four follower wheels. Compared with the existing AGV, it has the merits of better flexibility and mobility. The kinematic model of the AGV is built, and an improved feedback linearization method for trajectory tracking is proposed. Simulation results show feasibility of the AGV, and verify that the improved feedback linearization control method can accurately control the AGV to track various trajectories.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	AGV,feedback linearization,kinetic model,trajectory tracking
Battery-free AGVs advantages over chain based conveyance	2014	SAE Technical Papers	With Battery-free Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), the production line is no longer held hostage to a slow station, and diverge/converge paths do not require a coupling/uncoupling process. Asynchronous indexing ensures that units move forward when they are ready, enabling the most efficient production paths. Where overhead conveyance is required for ergonomics or engagement with other line paths, it is easily integrated into the Inductive Power Transfer (IPT®) system. A software and controls-driven conveyance, its integrated intelligence allows for seamless inclusion of automated work instructions, error proofing, traceability, Factory Information Systems (FIS) and other elements of Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES) for improved quality. Requiring only two shallow channels cut into an iron-free floor, path changes are quickly made. Gone are requirements for floor pits and drag chains and for hundreds of highly skilled changeover staff during shut-down. A clean, smooth flat floor free of obstructions, trenches or floor-mounted rails reduces workplace injuries. Line changes are primarily made through software and controls rather than tracks and chains. Downtime and change costs are significantly reduced. Copyright  2014 SAE International.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
A new testing device for RFID performance factors of conveyor belt system	2014	IET Seminar Digest	Combining with RFID technology, Conveyor plays a very important role in modern industrial automation. However, RFID performance will be affected by many factors in conveyor application. In this paper, we build a new experimental device to test RFID performance factors of conveyor belt, the innovative aspects of our new experimental device are we adopt automated guided vehicle (AGV) instead of traditional real conveyor belt. It makes the test become more convenient and comprehensive. Meanwhile, we provide serial important and indispensable test cases based on our new experimental device, the methodology and test data of these test cases are discussed. Our new experimental device can be put into practical application without making complex changes on the existing production line.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,PLC Controller,RFID Performance
Precise transhippment control of an automated magnetic-guided vehicle using optics positioning	2014	International Journal on Smart Sensing and Intelligent Systems	A parking position detection and control system is developed for precise transshipment of palletized materials between an automated guided vehicle (AGV) and a load transfer station. In order to align the roller conveyer of the AGV with that of the station, it is necessary for the AGV to detect the longitudinal, lateral and orientation deviations of its body with respect to the station. A pair of magnetic sensors is used to measure the lateral and orientation deviations of the AGV relative to a magnetic tape used as the guide-path. Fuzzy control is proposed to eliminate two deviations for path tracking that keeps the AGV on its path. A set of optics emitters and receivers is arranged on some specific points in the AGV and the station respectively to determine the longitudinal position for material transshipment, and to coordinate the transmission operation of two equipments. The experiment for the palletized materials transshipment shows that positioning control of our AGV parking system can achieve the accuracy, repeatability and reliability needed in industrial applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Cooperative transshipment,Magnetic guidance,Optics positioning,parking control
Precision improvement of position measurement using two ultrasonic land markers	2014	Journal of Robotics and Mechatronics	We have been developing a position measurement system for navigation of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) called SPARS. In this system, the AGV's ultrasonic position measurement module communicates via ultrasonic waves with ultrasonic transponders that serve as land markers on a path to measure its relative position during travel. In previous studies, we conducted experiments and introduced improvements using the relative position between the AGV and land marker estimated from position information from a single land marker. It was found, however, that the ultrasonic communication S/N ratio decreases, lowering position accuracy, when the land marker distance and its direction angle are great. To solve this problem and improve accuracy, we examine position measurement based on distance information from two land markers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Indoor GPS,Phased array,Positioning system,Ultrasonic sensor
Path replanning and controller design for trajectory tracking of automated guided vehicles	2014	Proceedings of the 2014 International Conference on Advances in Computing, Communications and Informatics, ICACCI 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper proposes D∗ Lite algorithm and controller design based on backstepping method for automated guided vehicles. The D∗ Lite algorithm is to replan a path for automated guided vehicle to avoid obstacles in the work environment such as objects that are stationary, moving, known and unknown. The designed controller is for the automated guided vehicle to track the replanned path. To do this task, the followings are done: system modeling, path replanning development and controller design. Simulations and experiments are conducted for verification of the proposed algorithm and controller. The simulation and experimental results show that the proposed algorithm and controller work well by enabling the automated guided vehicle to replan the path that passes unknown obstacle and track the planned trajectory with very small errors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Autonomous guided vehicle,backstepping,D,Lite algorithm,path planning
Online kinodynamic motion planning for omnidirectional automatic guided vehicles	2014	2014 13th International Conference on Control Automation Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper presents a new approach for kinodynamic online motion planning for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in industrial environments. AGVs normally transport large and heavy transport units such as Euro-pallets or mesh pallets. Nowadays just-in-time inventory management and lean production requires the transport of small transportation units. Thus a flexible material flow is needed that can not be fulfilled by continuous material handling devices like belt or roll conveyors. Our approach uses small holonomic AGVs that are equipped with safety laser range finders for our semi autonomous motion and path planning system. This system plans trajectories with respect to the kinodynamic constraints of the AGVs and the environment. The operator retains as much control as necessary and the vehicle can react online on course deviations and unforeseen changes in the environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
A petri net model for an open path Multi-AGV system	2014	ICINCO 2014 - Proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics	Automated distribution warehouses in which pallet and roll pallet loads are transported by means of forklift AGVs are considered in this work, with the objective of defining a mathematical model which accurately represents the behaviour of AGVs in the system. AGVs can move freely in the warehouse (an open path AGV system is adopted), and their transportation activities can be modelled as a sequence of elementary or basic actions. In the paper, a coloured Petri net (CPN) model is proposed. It allows representing any sequence of elementary actions of AGVs (including pick-up and drop-off activities), and accurately models the interactions among AGVs, in order to guarantee the safety during the execution of activities. The CPN model can be used to analyse and implement deadlock prevention and deadlock recovery strategies, and it has been adopted in the building of a discrete-event simulator which is employed to analyse the system's performance and to evaluate scheduling policies for transportation tasks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Distribution Warehouses,Autonomous Guided Vehicles,Coloured Petri Nets,Forklift AGVs
Decision support for vehicle configuration determination in Inter Terminal Transport system design	2014	Proceedings of the 11th IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC 2014	A dedicated Inter Terminal Transport (ITT) system must be able to efficiently transport containers inside the port area over a separate road preventing congestion on the ports entry roads, bundling incoming and outgoing container flows, and increasing competitiveness of the port. In this paper, a technique for decision support when designing inter terminal transport systems is proposed. In particular, a deterministic minimum cost flow model with time expanded graphs is presented. The model is able to support the design phase by quickly calculating an optimal vehicle configuration minimizing delays, saving time and money in the early phases of planning. In order to illustrate the potential of the model, it is applied for the proposed ITT system at Maasvlakte 1 and 2 areas in the Port of Rotterdam. The optimal configurations, as well as impact of various parameters, are determined.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	11	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	decision support systems,inter terminal transport,Mixed-integer programming,vehicle routing
Positioning accuracy improvement of laser navigation using UKF and FIS	2014	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	This paper presents positioning improvement of a laser navigation system (LNS) using the unscented Kalman filter (UKF) and fuzzy inference system (FIS) for an automatic guided vehicle (AGV). The existing AGVs mainly used a magnetic system or an inductive system as a guidance system. However, those systems have high initial facility cost and are difficult to maintain according to changes of environment, and it can drive only the designated path by sensors which are installed on. The laser guidance system is developed to solve these problems, but it also has limitations which are slow response time and low accuracy. Therefore, we propose a sensor fusion method for the AGV. The sensors used in this paper are encoders, a gyro and the LNS, and they are fused by the UKF and FIS. To analyze the performance of the proposed system, we designed a fork-type AGV for ourselves and performed the experiment that was repeated 10 times under the same working conditions. In experimental results, we verified that the proposed method could improve positioning accuracy of the LNS effectively. In addition, it was appropriate to apply a real AGV system for autonomous driving.  2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicle,Fuzzy inference system,Laser navigation,Positioning,Sensor fusion,Unscented Kalman filter
Programmable-logical-controllers synthesis for automated-guided-vehicle systems using ordinary petri nets	2014	Asian Journal of Control	2014 Chinese Automatic Control Society and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.An ordinary Petri-net (PN) based approach is proposed to design the programmable logical controller (PLC) for preventing collisions between vehicles in an automated guided vehicles (AGV) system. First, method is proposed to model an AGV system as an ordinary PN, called the plant PN. Second, for collision prevention in an AGV system, module control methods are proposed to design the PN supervisor (the closed-loop PN) by augmenting the plant PN. In detail, three modules are defined the line, divide, and merge modules, in the plant PN, and the control module methods are presented for each of these three modules. As a result, the closed-loop PN of an AGV system is obtained and can be analyzed using the PN theory. Finally, method is proposed to translate a closed-loop PN into a ladder diagram. Consequently, the PN supervisor is implemented by a PLC using these proposed methods. A laboratory AGV system is used to illustrate this approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Ladder diagram,Petri nets,Programmable logical controller
A bi-objective stochastic programming model for optimising automated material handling systems with reliability considerations	2014	International Journal of Production Research	The optimisation of material handling systems (MHSs) can lead to substantial cost reductions in manufacturing systems. Choosing adequate and relevant performance measures is critical in accurately evaluating MHSs. The majority of performance measures used in MHSs are time-based. However, moving materials within a manufacturing system utilise time and cost. In this study, we consider both time and cost measures in an optimisation model used to evaluate an MHS with automated guided vehicles. We take into account the reliability of the MHSs because of the need for steadiness and stability in the automated manufacturing systems. Reliability is included in the model as a cost function. Furthermore, we consider bi-objective stochastic programming to optimise the time and cost objectives because of the uncertainties inherent in the optimisation parameters in real-world problems. We use perceptron neural networks to transform the bi-objective optimisation model into a single objective model. We use numerical experiments to demonstrate the applicability of the proposed model and exhibit the efficacy of the procedures and algorithms.  2014  2014 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	13	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicle,material handling system,perceptron neural network,reliability,stochastic programming
Bio-inspired neurodynamics-based cascade tracking control for automated guided vehicles	2014	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Nowadays, the automated guided vehicles (AGV) have been widely used with increasing missions in a variety of fields such as the industry, military, and research. Due to the nonholonomic constraints, fulfilling satisfactory control of the AGV becomes a big challenge. In the present work, a bio-inspired neurodynamics-based cascade tracking control strategy was proposed. Specifically, the bio-inspired neurodynamics module was utilized to generate smooth forward velocities for overcoming the sharp velocity jump. Moreover, with the cascade tracking approach, the nonholonomic system was transformed into a chained system. Additionally, a state differential feedback controller was applied to improve the tracking accuracy. Finally, simulation investigations based on Matlab codes with various parameter settings were carried out to verify the effectiveness of the proposed strategy. The simulation results showed that the proposed strategy in the present work is able to produce accurate, smooth, robust, and globally stable control for the AGV.  2014 Springer-Verlag London.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Bio-inspired neurodynamics,Cascade tracking control,State differential feedback control
Data collection system of greenhouse corps based on micro automated guided vehicle	2014	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	During the process of growing and selecting corps, it is significant to high-frequently gain of biological indexes of individual samples and their surrounding environmental parameters. Under normal circumstances, the number of samples is large, data acquisition cycle is long. To realize high-level automation of the process of growing and selecting crops, Data collection system (DCS) of corps was designed based on micro automated guided vehicle (AGV) in this paper. Techniques of advanced RISC machines (ARM), radio frequency identification (RFID), sensors, wireless communication, and modern control, etc were also use to the DCS. The DCS consisted of micro AGV, VDAS (vehicle data acquisition system), communication and control system. Specifically, the micro AGV, made up of control unit, action unit, guiding unit and orientation unit, was used to automatic navigate and pinpoint the location of samples. S3C6410 chip was use as the core processor of the control unit in micro AGV, S3C6410 is common RSIC processor developed by Samsung Company based on ARM1176JZF-S core and 16/32, which met the data processing requirements. ASLONG GA20Y180 micro direct current motor was used as the drive of the action unit, and achieved control of the motor L293D-based control module. Optical guided navigation was used to the guiding unit, which achieved reliable navigation through two micro AGV navigation modules. By RFID and optical recognition two kinds of ways, the orientation unit achieved targeting and accurate positioning of the Micro AGV during movement. The VDAS, made up of data acquisition units of image and environment as well as data processing unit, was used to collect data of samples' images, environmental humidity and temperature, carbon dioxide intensity, illumination intensity, and then to process and store the collected data. The communication and control system, made up of vehicle communication unit, and control software on remote control computer, was used to realize long distance transmission and control. When collecting the sample's data, the control software sent orders and the micro AGV carrying VDAS began to collect images and environmental parameters according to the planned routine. In order to validate the accuracy and stability of the DCS, taking soybean pot as sample in this paper, experiments on image and environmental data acquisition was done. It turned out that the images obtained from the DSC were evenly in good quality which met the requirements of image processing in the later period. Besides, the errors between the automatically collected environmental data and manual data were at around 2%, which met the precision standards of data acquisition. The DCS operated stably during the experiments and phenomenon of out of routine didn't occur. The error of orientation was fewer than 6 mm. It took the DSC 9 minutes to collect images of 160 samples, which demonstrated that the efficiency was improved greatly. This paper overcame the problem of data acquisition of individual samples when growing and selecting corps. It provides a good reference for the automatic acquisition of greenhouse corps.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automatic navigation,Data processing,Greenhouses,Micro automated guided vehicle,Potted plants,Remote control
A new scheme of multiple automated guided vehicle system for collision and deadlock free	2014	ICIST 2014 - Proceedings of 2014 4th IEEE International Conference on Information Science and Technology	2014 IEEE.Conflicts and deadlocks are key issues in a multiple automated guided vehicle system, especially in complicated and uncertain environments. They have been challenges for ensuring the reliability, security, and efficiency of the multiple automated guided vehicle system. In this paper, a traffic control model based on semaphores is proposed to resolve conflict and deadlock problems in application of multiple automated guided vehicle system. Prototype experiments have been conducted and validated the function and performance of the proposed model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	8	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Automated guided vehicle,conflict,deadlock,semaphore,traffic control model
Positioning automated guided vehicles in a general guide-path layout	2014	IIE Annual Conference and Expo 2014	The locations of dwell points for idle vehicles in an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system determine the response time for pick-up requests and thus affect the performance of automated manufacturing systems. In this research, we address the problem of optimally locating dwell points for multiple AGVs in general guide-path layouts with the objective of minimizing the mean response time in the system. We propose a mixed integer linear programming (MILP) formulation for the problem. We also develop a generic genetic algorithm (GA) to solve the problem. The MILP models and the GA procedure are illustrated using a two-dimensional grid layout problem. Our computation study results show that the proposed GA procedure can yield near optimal solutions for these test problems in reasonable time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle System,Dwell Point Location,Genetic Algorithm,Mixed Integer Linear Programming Model
Application and experiment of tracking control method for AGV	2014	Processing of 2014 International Conference on Multisensor Fusion and Information Integration for Intelligent Systems, MFI 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper concerns the trajectory tracking control for AGV. Considering the differences between the simulation and the practical situation and to improve the performance of AGV, this paper proposes a novel tracking control method for AGV. After presenting the kinematical model of AGV, the method proposed is explicated. In minimizing the time spent, the method, which is applicable for any given tracking curve, conforms to the efficiency requirement in practical situation. And in the explication of the method, two methods are discussed. Furthermore, to conform to the reversing problem in practical situation, this paper proposes an improved stable tracking control rule, with which the AGV needs not to be turned around. Then, the stability of the rule is proved through the use of a Lyapunov function. Finally, the method proposed in this paper is validated by the experimental results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Lyapunov,reversing,tracking control
A practical model of routing problems for automated guided vehicles with acceleration and deceleration	2014	Journal of Advanced Mechanical Design, Systems and Manufacturing	2014 The Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers.We consider an optimization of conflict-free routing problems for automated guided vehicles (AGV) with acceleration and deceleration. A continuous time model is developed to represent the dynamics of vehicles. In the proposed model, the transportation model is discretized into several regions. A network model is created by taking into account the acceleration and deceleration motions. The acceleration and deceleration are represented at curve locations. Column generation heuristic is used to find a near-optimal solution. In this algorithm, we construct a heuristic rule to generate a feasible solution with acceleration and deceleration of vehicles after the column generation. The pricing problem is represented by a resource constrained shortest path problem, which is effectively solved by a labeling algorithm. The dominance relation for acceleration and deceleration is addressed. In the proposed model, the dynamics of real speed AGV model are reflected into the routing problems. By comparing the performance of the conventional method, the effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Column generation heuristics,Labeling algorithm,Routing
Electromagnetic mixing laser Guided mode and laser site positioning	2014	Advanced Materials Research	In recent years, Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV), as a mobile robot, has been developed rapidly, especially with the rapid development of sensor technology, navigational technology has been widely used in the field of automatic guided vehicle. Meanwhile, the guidance mode has broken through the single way of track-laying and is developing towards a diversified direction. This paper elaborated the operating principle and the advantages of several commonly used ways of guiding, put forward the way of guiding which combined laser guidance with electromagnetic guidance and laser site positioning.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Electromagnetic navigation,Laser guidance,Station positioning
Simulation-based optimisation of logistics distribution system for an assembly line with path constraints	2014	International Journal of Production Research	The design of logistics distribution system for an assembly line with given layout is usually constrained by various factors such as the vehicles for the distribution of assembly components and the paths on the shop floor for the vehicle movement. Since design optimisation of these production systems with such constraints is hard to solve by mathematic approaches, simulation-based approach is mostly used. In this paper, simulation-based analysis and optimisation of a logistic distribution system is performed combined with a heuristic algorithm to obtain a solution that most suits the practical requirements of an assembly line. The proposed simulation-based method builds a model that satisfied various complicated real-world problems at the work site of an investigated factory. Meanwhile, a dynamic dispatching method for vehicle movement is also presented which can adjust the control strategy and decision parameters dynamically in the process of simulation and contributes significantly to form a more fruitful design scheme. Experimental results show that proposed method performs better than the analytical model-based approach and some other methods, and the dynamic vehicle dispatching method presented performs better than some existing common strategies used in literature.  2014 Taylor and Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	assembly production,dynamic dispatching,logistics distribution system,simulation-based optimisation
TRAFCON – traffic control of AGVs in automatic warehouses	2014	Springer Tracts in Advanced Robotics	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.In this chapter we illustrate the main results of the TRAF-CON experiment. We consider a real AGV based automatic warehouse system and we model the traffic control problem exploiting coordination diagrams and taking into account all the constraints holding in real plants. We propose a novel traffic manager that, besides efficiently controlling the coordinated motion of the AGVs, can dynamically change the paths the robots are following. The TRAFCON traffic manager is experimentally validated on simulated real plants and on a small-scale automatic warehouse.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Italy	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,Automatic warehouse,Coordination,Dynamic routing,Traffic management
Optimal AGV configuration by simulation of flow shop scheduling in an assembly plant	2014	Advanced Materials Research	We simulate flow shop scheduling and routing with automated guided vehicle (AGV for short) in an assembly plant, aim at obtaining the optimal AGV configuration. We first provide the requirement of assembly plant, and describe AGV configuration problem in real-world example. And then we build AGV simulation with Plant Simulation, and provide our problem-solving strategies. In the simulation process, we try to determine the number of AGV and maximize the utilization to reduce waiting time. We ran the simulation with different parameters, and get the cost time and utilization rate of AGVs. The vehicle utilization results of different number of AGVs verified our configuration.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Flow shop scheduling,Optimization,Plant simulation
Prediction model using coverability tree from a modeling in Petri nets applied in AGVs dispatching	2014	Proceedings - 2014 Brazilian Conference on Intelligent Systems, BRACIS 2014	2014 IEEE.In the last years, the industries are applying automation techniques with the aim to increase their efficiency to remain competitive. Due to this fact, there is an intensive search for techniques and methods applied to manufacturing systems for improvements, whether in quality, service deadlines and / or increased production. Several studies and practical applications have indicated that the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are efficient for transport task in industries and warehouses. The management of these AGVs is the key to a transportation system that ensures the improvements envisioned by industries. One of the main problems encountered in the management of AGVs is the decision to dispatch. Some authors suggest that a weak point of dispatching rules, even the multi-attributes, is to consider only the values of variables in current time for decision-making. This paper proposes a prediction model in which one achieves an improvement in the optimization objective by reading from specific states of the factory in the near future. The proposal is based on the use of cover ability tree from modelling in Petri nets with ability to provide important data for AGVs dispatch system. From these data, the dispatch system can take more assertive decisions to optimize the performance of Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS). The tests are performed using the software CPNtools, to model Petri nets, and Simio software to build the virtual environment, thereby having two different levels of abstraction. The validation is done through the analysis of scenarios that can happen in a production system, and with the use of the proposal of prediction is verified that in these scenarios is possible to extract important information.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	2	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	AGV Dispacthing,Coverability Tree,Petri Nets,Prediction
Global localization and position tracking of automatic guided vehicles using passive RFID technology	2014	Proceedings for the Joint Conference of ISR 2014 - 45th International Symposium on Robotics and Robotik 2014 - 8th German Conference on Robotics, ISR/ROBOTIK 2014	VDE VERLAG GMBH Berlin Offenbach.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used in warehouses, distribution centers and manufacturing plants in order to automate the internal material flow. Usually AGVs are designed to transport large and heavy transport units such as Euro-pallets or mesh pallets. Just-in-time inventory management and lean production requires small transportation units to enable one-piece-flow. A solution to meet these demands are small automatic vehicles for material transport, which can replace conventional conveyor systems or large AGVs. This paper presents an inexpensive solution for localization and tracking of small AGVs. Global localization is realized by detection of RFID transponders, which are integrated in the floor. The measurements of the RFID reader are fused with data from wheel encoders using Quantized Kalman filtering. The paper presents results from experiments with a NaviFloor®installation. The experiments show, that the proposed Quantized Kalman Filter provides a similar localization accuracy compared to a Monte Carlo Particle Filter, but with much lower computational expense.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	11	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Development of pallet recognition system using kinect camera	2014	International Journal of Multimedia and Ubiquitous Engineering	This study proposes a new pallet recognition system using Kinect camera. Depth image of Kinect camera is produced from the infrared ray data of random dot type. This system was applied to an automated guided vehicle(AGV) to recognize the pallet in various conditions. A modularized hardware and software of the pallet recognition system was developed. The performance of the developed pallet recognition system was tested through experiments under various environment, and it show good performance.  2014 SERSC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Computer Science (all)	Automated guided vehicle(AGV),Depth image,Kinect camera,Pallet recognition system,Unmanned forklift
Optimal location of workstations in tandem automated-guided vehicle systems	2014	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	The way workstations are located in a tandem automated-guided vehicle (AGV) systems affect the total lateness of the system. So far, almost all studies have focused on either minimizing the total flow or minimizing the total AGV transitions in each zone. This study presented a novel approach to locate the workstations in a tandem AGV zones by developing a new mixed-integer programming (MIP) formulation. The objective is to minimize total waiting time of all workstations which is equivalent to minimizing the total lateness of each zone. Lateness is defined as the total idle time of a workstation waiting to be supplied by an AGV. The proposed MIP formulation is very competitive and has the capability to solve instances of up to 25 workstations to optimality in a reasonable amount of time.  2014 Springer-Verlag London.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Tandem AGV,Total cumulative flow,Waiting time,Zone workstation layout
Adaptive simulation of automated guided vehicle systems using multi agent based approach for supplying materials	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Application of agent based approaches is frequent in systems with artificial intelligence. This method has been used in simulations as well, however application in this field is rather novel. The paper surveys formation possibilities of agent based structures in the simulation of an example material flow systems. Further, considerations are also presented, how these models can be made adaptive, which makes them capable of continuously modify their features to the modeled physical system. Finally a framework for a proposed modeling problem is introduced.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Hungary	6	Engineering (all)	AGV,Logistics,Materials handling,Simulation
Cost optimization in manufacturing system with unidirectional AGVs	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This paper presents an example of optimization of an automated manufacturing system comprising a transport subsystem based on the automated guided vehicles (AGV). Number of resources in the manufacturing system and the number and location of the AGVs were subject of optimization. Profit maximization was assumed as an objective function. Arena and OptQuest software were used to build the simulation model and perform the optimization. The article describes an original solution for optimizing the number and cost of AGVs.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	2	Engineering (all)	AGV,Manufacturing system,Modeling,Optimization,Simulation,Unidirectional
A kind of design of automatic guided vehicle based on RGB color space	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.Automatic Guided vehicle(AGV) can free drivers from boring work. Previously AGV guided by black conduction band, as the color is single, it can only used for a kind of vehicle navigation. When there are several kind of vehicles need to be guided, the black conduction band becomes powerless. Color conduction bands can overcome this problem. Usually RGB image should be converted to other image space, and then identified the bands, but it costs lots of time. This paper proposes the design of AGV and intruduces the hardware, also proposes a quick recognition method which can be used in RGB color space. It effectively improved the recognition speed, and realized real-time identification.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic Guided vehicle(AGV),Color band navigation,Image recognition
Automatic loading AGV servo controller based on ARM and FPGA	2014	Advanced Materials Research	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.Two-axis differential speed control AGV was widely used in factory to carry cargo. AGV servo controller based on single DSP cannot meet the requirements of automatic loading goods, which greatly reduces the degree of automation. Software and hardware of three-axis AGV based on ARM9 and FPGA was discussed and designed to realize loading goods automatically, experimental results are also given.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle,BLDC motor,Factory automation
Sequence controller synthesis for automated guided vehicle systems Using ordinary Petri nets	2014	Proceedings of the 11th IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC 2014	An approach is proposed to design the programmable logic controller (PLC) for an automated guided vehicle system (AGVS), using ordinary Petri net (PN). First, it models an AGVS as a plant PN. Second, the PN supervisor is designed to firm a closed-loop PN by augmenting the plant PN. Specifically, it adds control transitions to the plant PN to control the wiring loops that are to make the vehicles stop for loading and unloading. The resultant closed-loop PN of an AGVS can be analyzed by PN theories. Lastly, it can translate a closed-loop PN into a ladder diagram that can be performed by a PLC. A laboratory AGVS is used to illustrate the present method.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,ladder diagram,Petri net,programmable logic controller,sequence control
Trajectory tracking algorithm for automatic guided vehicle based on adaptive backstepping control method	2014	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	This paper proposes trajectory tracking algorithm for differential drive type of Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) system with the unknown wheel radii using adaptive backstepping control method. To guarantee the tracking errors go to zero, backstepping control method is proposed. By choosing appropriate Lyapunov function based on its kinematic modeling, system stability is guaranteed and a control law can be obtained. In this paper, the unknown radii of left and right wheels caused by uneven load distribution or manufacturing imperfection are considered. To solve this problem, an adaptive law is proposed to estimate the changing of wheels radii. The simulation and experimental results show that the proposed controller successfully estimates the unknown parameters and tracks the reference trajectories.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptive,Automatic guided vehicle,Backstepping,Trajectory tracking
A new quick recognition method based on RGB color space	2014	Advanced Materials Research	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.Automatic Guided vehicle(AGV) can free drivers from boring work. Previously AGV guided by black conduction band, as the color is single, it can only used for a kind of vehicle navigation.When there are several kind of vehicles need to be guided, the black conduction band becomes powerless. Color conduction bands can overcome this problem. Usually RGB image should be converted to other image space, and then identifies the bands,but it costs lots of time. This paper proposes a quick recognition method which can be used in RGB color space. It effectively improved the recognition speed, and realized real-time identification.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic Guided vehicle(AGV),Color conduction band,Image recognition
A multi-agent system using fuzzy logic to increase AGV fleet performance in warehouses	2014	Brazilian Symposium on Computing System Engineering, SBESC	Market competition requires an ever increasing performance from warehouses. Coupled with information technologies, high automation levels are achieved. Such automation is seen in the use of AGVs for material handling. An important problem in AGV fleets is deciding what task should be assigned to each AGV. To tackle this problem, a multi-agent AGV system is proposed, which has three agents: an AGV agent, a Loading Point (LP) agent and a Storage Point (SP) agent. The AGV agent uses a Fuzzy system to decide what task it should take, and dispatch the AGV to the location of the task, using the A-star (A*) algorithm to find the shortest path to the task. The LP agent keeps a list of all available tasks in its corresponding loading point, such as a loading dock, and handles task requests from AGV agents. The SP agent manages a particular storage space, such as a rack section, and handles AGV requests for payloads stored in the rack or requests for free space. To validate the system, a warehouse operation was simulated and evaluated measuring the average task wait time, time to complete tasks and average jam time. Two other decision methods were used, First Come First Served (FCFS) and Contract Network (CNET), to compare with the Fuzzy method. Results show that the Fuzzy method enabled a greater average task wait time reduction than the other two decision methods, and also completed tasks in less time.  2013 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	7	Computer Networks and Communications,Software	None
A tabu search algorithm for simultaneous machine/AGV scheduling problem	2014	International Journal of Production Research	Machines and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) scheduling problems are two essential issues that need to be addressed for the efficiency of the overall production system. The purpose of this paper is to study the simultaneous scheduling problem of machines and AGVs in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) since the global optimum cannot be reached by considering each of them individually. In this paper, a mixed integer linear programming (MILP) model is developed with the objective of makespan minimisation. The MILP model consists of the following two constraint sets: machines and AGVs scheduling sub-problems. As both sub-problems are known to be NP-hard, a heuristic algorithm based on tabu search (TS) is proposed to get optimal or near to optimal solution for large-size problems within reasonable computation time. The proposed algorithm includes a novel two-dimensional solution representation and the generation of two neighbour solutions, which are alternately and iteratively applied to improve solutions. Moreover, an improved lower bound calculation method is introduced for the large-size problems. Computational results show the superior performance of the TS algorithm for the simultaneous scheduling problem.  2014  2014 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	36	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVs scheduling,machines scheduling,simultaneous scheduling,tabu search
Improving safety and efficiency of AGVs at warehouse black spots	2014	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE 10th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2014	2014 IEEE.In order to achieve safe operation of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) at warehouse black spots such as intersections, AGVs decelerate before reaching them. Having crossed the black spot, they reaccelerate back to full speed. Most of the time, the black spot is void of other vehicles or workers, so this programmed behavior is unnecessary and thus very inefficient. To overcome this inefficiency, the black spot can be monitored by an infrastructure-based environment perception system consisting of one or several laser scanners in combination with a data processing electronic control unit (ECU). The presence of objects in the black spot is communicated to approaching AGVs via a control center, allowing the AGV to pass the black spot at full speed if there are no other objects present and only decelerating if there are other objects present.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	12	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	None
Unmanned aerial vehicles model identification using multi-objective optimization techniques	2014	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	IFAC.The total amount of UAVs civil applications is getting bigger and bigger. The cost and the risks of the development phase of this systems has to be decreased in order to make them affordable. It is required to minimize the number of hours of real flight, making use of simulation tools and taking full advantage of the acquired data. Thus, obtaining a dynamic model that tightly adjusts to the real flight behaviour of the aircraft gains in importance, in the way that it will lead to precise simulation results and, therefore, to correctly designed control algorithms. A model identification technique based on experimental data and Multi-Objective optimization evolution algorithm, is presented here. This methodology makes profit of the possibility given by this type of algorithm of facing different objetives at the same time, to take full advantage of the experimental data and to get better adjusted models.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	4	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Identification,Least-squares method,Multiobjective optimizations
Robust high-gain observer approach to state of charge for lithium-ion batteries of automated guided vehicles	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This paper introduces a robust high-gain observer based state of charge(SOC) estimator for lithium-ion batteries of automated guided vehicles(AGV). The proposed observer scheme enhances the transient response speed and diminishes the effect of uncertainties. Furthermore, it overcomes the perturbation problem, which is caused by high gains since the proposed observer scheme adopts sliding mode control technique. In order to verify the effectiveness of the propose method, the linear RC battery model in ADVISOR is used.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Engineering (all)	High-gain observer,Robust,SOC,Uncertainties
Blocking effects in warehouse systems with autonomous vehicles	2014	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	Autonomous vehicle-based storage and retrieval system (AVS/RS) offers considerable flexibility with respect to throughput capacity in the transfer of unit loads in high density storage areas. AVS/RS relies on autonomous vehicles to provide horizontal movement within a tier and uses lifts to provide vertical movement between tiers. In these systems, vehicle blocking delays in the aisles and cross-aisles could significantly impact system throughput and transaction cycle times. In this research, protocols are developed to address vehicle blocking, and a semi-open queueing network model is proposed to analyze system performance and evaluate design trade-offs. A decomposition-based method is used to solve the queueing network and quantify the effect of blocking. This model is adopted to analyze the effect of varying tier configuration parameters such as number of storage locations, depth/width ratio, number of vehicles, and vehicle utilization on blocking delays. These insights are useful for design conceptualization using AVS/RS.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated storage/retrieval system (AS/RS),autonomous vehicle-based storage and retrieval system (AVS/RS),autonomous vehicles,blocking,decomposition,semi-open queueing network
An indoor location tracking system based on wireless sensor networks and marker-based fingerprinting algorithm	2014	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	In this paper, a method of moving control of an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) through marker recognition is presented. The existing AGV location tracking system using infrared wireless sensor nodes and landmarks have faced at two critical problems. First of all, since there are many windows in the special circumstance such as a crematorium, they are going to let in too much sunlight in the main hall which is the moving path of AGVs. Refraction and/or reflection of sunlight disturb the correct recognition of landmarks. The second one is that a crematorium has a narrow indoor environment compared to typical industrial fields. Particularly when it changes its direction to enter a designated furnace the information provided by the landmarks cannot be utilized to estimate its location because the rotating space is too narrow to get them. To overcome such difficulties that cannot access data in a wireless sensor network, a relative distance from a marker to an AGV will be used as a fingerprinting for location estimation. Compared to the conventional method which adopts received signal strength (RSS) as fingerprinting, our proposed method results in highly reliable estimation.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Fingerprinting Algorithm,Infrared sensor,Location-tracking,Marker Recognition
Research on the cooperative control method for trajectory tracking of automatic guided vehicle based on dynamic position/force	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Considering the influence of the dynamic characteristic of automatic guided vehicle (AGV) on trajectory tracking controlling, double closed loop control structure is proposed to realize the position/force cooperative control. The outer loop controlling uses backstepping to design corresponding position controller for kinematics model of AGV, while the inner control uses the integral sliding mode controlling. Self-adaptive controlling law is used to estimate the uncertain external interference in the driving force controller and stability of AGV trajectories tracking proof is proposed. In order to make the system achieve better control performance and prevent the occurrence of severe wobble, the hyperbolic tangent function in the control law of sliding mode control replaces the sign function to ensure a continuously smooth control input and states of the system. In the Matlab/simulink environment, tracking a given splayed trajectory generated by the S function to verify the double closed loop control structure and the effectiveness of the control algorithm proposed in this paper.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Backstepping,Double closed loop control structure,Position/ force cooperative control,Sliding-mode control
Sectionalized tracking control and experiment of AGV	2014	Proceedings of the 2014 9th IEEE Conference on Industrial Electronics and Applications, ICIEA 2014	2014 IEEE.In order to have a better practical application of AGV in automated warehouse, this paper proposes a sectionalized tracking control method. Firstly, the kinematic model and the tracking control model of AGV are designed. Secondly, the path planned in this paper is composed of segments and arcs. Based on the shortest time principle, and also taking the geometric characteristics of segments and arcs into consideration, the planning of reference posture and reference velocities for segment and for arc are modeled. Then, tracking control rule is designed with Lyapunov function. Finally, the tracking control experiments of segment, arc and path consisting of segments and arcs are carried out on an experimental platform. And it is concluded that the sectionalized tracking control method is effective and feasible.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Lyapunov,Nonholonomic system,Tracking control
Deadlock recovery algorithm for unified AMHS in semi-conductor FAB	2014	Dongbei Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Northeastern University	To recover from deadlocks which occur in buffer-constrained tools in the united automatic material handling system of 300 mm semiconductor wafer fabrications, a two-stage algorithm based on the graph theory was proposed. The mentioned deadlock problems were formulated, and then sufficient conditions of the deadlock happening and recovery were determined. A mathematical programming model was set up with the objective function of minimizing the deadlock recovery time of critical tools, and a heuristic algorithm for deadlock recovery was put forward. A stocker's buffer was used to stock wafer lots to release deadlocked resources, and several parallel routes according to the graph theory were constructed to recover from deadlock. Simulation results indicated the effectiveness of the proposed method. It can reduce average deadlock recovery time and improve the utilization of critical tools, compared with other methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Automatic material handling system (AMHS),Buffer-constraint,Deadlock,Graph theory,Unified layout
Hybrid navigation system for mecanum based omnidirectional automated guided vehicles	2014	Proceedings for the Joint Conference of ISR 2014 - 45th International Symposium on Robotics and Robotik 2014 - 8th German Conference on Robotics, ISR/ROBOTIK 2014	VDE VERLAG GMBH Berlin Offenbach.This paper presents a hybrid navigation system for mecanum based omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). It is divided into a classical guidance system for the offline planning procedure and an online reactive system for collision avoidance in dynamic enviroments. The authors AGV framework is implemented as distributed system for advanced controllability and scalability. The hybrid approach gives the operator the desired supervision of the system and each AGV the required flexibility to act on unforeseen changes in the enviroment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Improvement of automated guided vehicle design using finite element analysis	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Automated Guided Vehicle is a mobile robot used in various industries to transfer goods and materials from one place to another in the industrial compound such as production line and warehouses. Due to the payload it carries, the design should be able to handle certain level of mechanical stress. The optimization study is important to assure the material and design are safe and optimum under the specified conditions before the AGV is manufactured. In this study, a conventional AGV designed previously by an AGV manufacturer to bring a payload of 70 kg is analyzed using the Finite Element Method (FEM) and SolidWorks software is used to perform the FEA simulation. This paper also explain on how the factor of safety for the AGV is derived. The parameter change in this study was the thickness of the sheet metal used to build the AGV while the study output is the stress level, factor of safety and weight of the AGV.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	1	Engineering (all)	AGV,Design improvement,Finite element analysis,Finite element method,Stress analysis
Fault detection algorithm for automatic guided vehicle based on multiple positioning modules	2014	Proceedings of the 2014 International Conference on Advances in Computing, Communications and Informatics, ICACCI 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper presents implementation and experimental validation of fault detection algorithm for sensors and motors of Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) system based on multiple positioning modules. In this paper, firstly the system description and mathematical model of differential drive AGV system are described. Then, characteristics of each positioning modules are explained. On the next step, the fault detection based on multiple positioning modules is proposed. The fault detection method uses two or more positioning systems and compares them to detect unexpected deviation effected by drift or different characteristics of each positioning systems. For fault detection algorithm, an Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) is used. EKF calculates the measurement probability distribution of the AGV position for nonlinear models driven by Gaussian noise. Using the probability distribution of innovation obtained from EKF, it is possible to test if the measured data are fit with the models. When the faults such as sensors malfunction, wheel slip or motor broken, the models will not be valid and the innovation will not be Gaussian and white. The pairwise differences between the estimated positions obtained from sensors are called as residue. Fault isolation is obtained by examining the biggest residue. Finally, to demonstrate the capability of the proposed algorithm, the algorithm is implemented on a differential drive AGV system, which uses encoder, laser scanner, and laser navigation system to obtain position information. The experimental result shows that the proposed algorithm successfully detects faults when the faults occur.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	automatic guided vehicle,extended Kalman filter,fault detection,multiple positioning
Fleet sizing of laser guided vehicles and pallet shuttles in automated warehouses	2014	International Journal of Production Economics	2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.The paper deals with emerging automation technologies for pallet handling in warehouses characterized by multiple-depth rack storage systems. In particular, this study addresses the adoption of Pallet Shuttles (PSs) for material handling within the rack structure, i.e., for put-away and retrieval operations from the rack face to the specific pallet location and vice versa. PSs are used in combination with Laser Guided Vehicles (LGVs) so as to obtain a fully automated warehousing system. The study develops an analytical model for the joint LGV-PS fleet sizing problem, also taking into consideration stochastic phenomena and queueing implications. This enables the analyst to compute the utilization of LGVs and PSs as a function of sizes of the two fleets. Then, a queueing model can be applied to estimate the cycle time of the orders in the warehousing system. An example to clarify the application of the method is also provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	10	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Laser Guided Vehicle (LGV),Multiple-depth rack,Pallet shuttle,Queueing theory,Warehouse automation
Reactive scheduling of a decentralized multi-objective material transportation tasks in a dynamic job shop manufacturing system	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The increasingly challenging and dynamic nature of manufacturing industry has driven organizations to enhance their system efficiency. One of the most important aspects in manufacturing plant is the Material Transportation System (MTS). In order to address dynamic factors, MTS need to be equipped with rescheduling capability. This paper focuses on reactive transportation task assignment to a fleet of autonomous Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). This paper proposes a Mixed Integer Programming method to reschedule transportation tasks for a nondisruptive job shop manufacturing system based on Multi Agent System (MAS) architecture. The result shows that proposed rescheduling method is able to outperform conventional method significantly.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Material transportation system,Mixed integer programming,Reactive scheduling
An Indoor Location-Tracking Using Wireless Sensor Networks Cooperated with Relative Distance Finger Printing	2014	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE International Conference on Ubiquitous Intelligence and Computing, 2014 IEEE International Conference on Autonomic and Trusted Computing, 2014 IEEE International Conference on Scalable Computing and Communications and Associated Symposia/Workshops, UIC-ATC-ScalCom 2014	2014 IEEE.In this paper, a method of moving path control of an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in indoor environment through recognition of marker images is presented. The existing motion control system of the AGV using infrared sensors and landmarks has faced at the critical problem. That is, the crematorium has a narrow indoor environment compared with typical industrial fields. Particularly when the AGV changes its direction to enter the designated furnace the information provided by guided sensors cannot be utilized to estimate its location, because the rotating space is too narrow to access them. In this paper, a marker-based relative distance fingerprinting algorithm is presented to resolve the problem. Compared with the existing fingerprinting method which uses RSS, our proposed method may result in a more reliable estimation of the location. This method will be used to assist the primary navigation method based on double landmark recognition. These two distinct navigation methods are combined and integrated into the application systems which manage both the motion control and the location monitoring of the AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicle,Indoor location tracking,Location-tracking,Marker recognition,Relative distance finger printing algorithm
Adaptive motion controller design for an omnidirectional AGV based on laser sensor	2014	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used in many factories. This paper proposes an adaptive tracking controller of omnidirectional AGV (OAGV) with the constant unknown mass and the uncertain bounded friction and slip force vector exerted on the driving wheels. The OAGV consists of 3 wheels with three omnidirectional wheels are equally spaced 120° from one another. The controller based on the dynamic modeling is designed based on Lyapunov stability theory to stabilize the OAGV to follow a sharp edge trajectory and OAGV doesn't change heading direction during movement. A laser sensor device NAV200 is used to detect the OAGV position in door environment in real-time. The simulation and experiment results are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed controller.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	3 wheels,Adaptive control,AGV,NAV200,Omnidirectional wheels
A dynamic version for the Network Simplex Algorithm	2014	Applied Soft Computing Journal	In most practical environments, scheduling is an ongoing reactive process where the presence of real time information continually forces reconsideration and revision of pre-established schedules. The objectives of the research reported in this paper are to respond to changes in the problem, to solve the new problem faster and to use some parts of the previous solution for the next problem. In this paper, based on Network Simplex Algorithm, a dynamic algorithm, which is called Dynamic Network Simplex Algorithm (DNSA), is presented. Although the traditional network simplex algorithm is at least one hundred times faster than traditional simplex algorithm for Linear Programs (through specialization), for dynamic scheduling with large scale problems it still takes time to make a new graph model and to solve it. The overall approach of DNSA is to update the graph model dynamically and repair its spanning tree by some strategies when any changes happen. To test the algorithm and its performance, an application of this algorithm to Dynamic Scheduling of Automated Guided Vehicles in the container terminal is used. The dynamic problem arises when new jobs are arrived, the fulfilled jobs are removed and the links or junctions are blocked (which results in distances between points being changed). The results show considerable improvements, in terms of reducing the number of iterations and CPU time, to solve randomly generated problems.  2014 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Software	Container terminals,Dynamic Network Simplex Algorithm,Dynamic scheduling,Optimization methods
A case study on formal analysis of an automated guided vehicle system	2014	Journal of Applied Mathematics	This paper considers a hybrid I/O automata model for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system. A set of key properties of an AGV system are characterized for the correctness of the system. An abstract model is constructed from the hybrid automata model to simplify the proof of the constraints. The two models are equivalent in terms of bisimulation relation. We derive the constraints to ensure the correctness of the properties. We validate the system by analyzing the parameters of the constraints of the AGV system.  2014 Jie Zhang et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Applied Mathematics	None
Scheduling of mobile robots with preemptive tasks	2014	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	This paper deals with the problem of scheduling of mobile robots taking into account preemption cases in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). In addition to capability of transporting materials between some machines, mobile robots are able to perform manufacturing tasks at other machines by using their manipulation arms. These manufacturing tasks can be preempted to allow mobile robots to transport materials when needed. The performance criterion is to minimize time required to complete all tasks, i.e. makespan. A mixed-integer programming (MIP) model is formulated to find the optimal solutions for the problem. Numerical experiments are investigated to demonstrate results of the proposed approach.  Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Mixed-integer programming,Mobile robots,Preemptive scheduling
The research and realization of monitoring system	2014	Advanced Materials Research	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.With the introduction and wide applications of laser guided AGV in the tobacco corporation, the logistics automation level is increased greatly. But with the introduction of flexible manufacturing system, the production line of the tobacco corporation become more complicate, the material requirement become more flexible, so that the driving stability has brought great challenges of AGV. In the system of more AGV compositing, there will been bought the conflict between multiple vehicles AGV. How can locate the position of each AGV instantly, and estimate and dispose the conflict during the running process in time, it has been the solve direction for team. This paper is researched based on the AGV’s system of KunChuan, bring forward a monitoring system of AGVS. The results shown that the actual trajectory is fully consistent with the planned through running, and achieving the prospective effect.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGVS system,Coordinate conversion,Ranging and position,Ranging and positioning,Visual monitoring
Computerized automatic miniature unmanned bird-exclusion vehicle	2014	Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE 18th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, CSCWD 2014	When a bird collides with an airplane, although the bird is small and has slow flying speed, the flying speed of the airplane is high, thus, their relative speed is very high. Data indicate that the collision between a 1.8 kg bird and an airplane flying at 550km/hr generates 25 tons of impact force, which is equivalent to a bomb. Bird strike is a worldwide problem, as well as an urgent issue to be solved. There are 17 civil and joint military and civil airports in Taiwan, they are so crowded for Taiwan. Taiwan must pay attention to bird-exclusion work. At present, the implement technology using laser light to repel birds has not yet been developed in Taiwan. Therefore, this study used remote automated guided vehicle, combining green laser transmitter in wavelength of 532nm with charge-coupled device and infrared thermal imager for complete and effective bird-exclusion effect. It also investigated the scales of 10 representative airports in Taiwan.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Software	automated guided vehicle,bird strike,bird-exclusion unit,green laser light
Real-time control of an automated guided vehicle using a continuous mode of sliding mode control	2014	Turkish Journal of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences	This paper proposes a tracking control method for a certain type of differential-drive wheeled mobile robot, called automated guided vehicles (AGVs), using a continuous mode approach of sliding mode control (SMC). The SMC applied produces a continuous signal in between the U and {U control signals instead of discrete ones. The controller is applied to control the velocity and direction angle of the vehicle in order to keep it on a desired path. The obtained algorithm is applied to the experimental system under load and disturbance to show its robustness. The experimental results are satisfactory and verify the performance of the control algorithm.  TÜBITAK.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	7	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Sliding mode control,Trajectory tracking
Conflict-free scheduling for united AMHS based on rolling horizon	2014	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To resolve Overhead Hoist Transporter (OHT) conflict problems in unified Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHSs) of 300-mm wafer fabrications, a conflict free OHT path scheduling method was proposed based on rolling horizon strategy. After description of problem region, the necessary and sufficient conditions of collisions were identified and the approach to feasible alternatives was pointed out. A mathematical model was set up with an optimal objective function of minimizing the total complete time. By executing space and time conflict detection successively to the current shortest path, the conflict free path in current time window was confirmed by taking corresponding collision avoidance strategy which took less time and rescheduling based on event-driven was also conducted. The simulation experiments were designed to evaluate the proposed strategy, and results indicated that this method could detect and avoid OHT path confliction effectively. Thus the security and stability of wafer fabrication system was improved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated material handling systems,Dynamic scheduling,Path confliction,Rolling horizon,Wafer fabrication
Vehicle positioning in cell manufacturing systems via robust optimization	2014	Applied Soft Computing Journal	Numerous manufacturing companies are taking advantage of material handling systems due to their flexibility, reliability, safety and contribution to the increase of productivity. However, several uncertain parameters such as types of cost, availability of vehicle etc., influence the performance of the material handling system greatly. In recent years, robust optimization has proven to be an effective methodology permitting overcoming uncertainty in optimization models. Robust optimization models work well even when probabilistic knowledge of the phenomenon is incomplete. This paper thus proposes two new zero-one programming (ZOP) models for vehicle positioning in multi-cell automated manufacturing system. Uncertain parameters in these models include cost parameters, travel time between each pair of centers of cells and location of machines, average time required for performing all transports from location of machines and availability of the vehicle. Then, the robust counterpart of the proposed ZOP models is presented by using the recent extensions in robust optimization theory. Eventually, to verify the robustness of the solutions obtained by the novel robust optimization model, they are compared to those generated by the deterministic ZOP model for different test problems.  2014 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Software	Material handling system (MHS),Robust optimization (RO),Vehicle positioning,Zero-one programming
Research of Li-ion battery’s equalizer circuit based on TL431	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.Li-ion battery, as a new type of energy storage equipment, has small size, large power density, high individual voltage, low rate of self-discharging and small self-resistance etc. It substitutes the traditional power battery in AGV.In practical process, due to the difference of battery cells, after a period of charge-discharge time, the upper and lower voltage limits of every unit of batteries become various, seriously affecting the system performance. The idea of upper and lower equalizer is released for this case. Then, a further research is made on the equalizer circuit of li-ion battery. The experiment result proves the correctness of design on several types of lithium battery equalizer circuit.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle,Equalizer circuit,Li-ion battery
Estimating sliding parameters of agricultural tracked robot based on UKF	2014	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	In order to real-time achieve accurate sliding parameters between tracks of a agricultural tracked robot and ground and improve control accuracy, a dynamics equation and nonlinear measurement equation of agricultural tracked robot were deduced by analyzing working principle of an agricultural tracked robot and using dynamics principle. Then an estimation system based on the unscented Kalman filter(UKF) was designed to estimate the precision pose parameters of agricultural tracked robot. Through this estimation the system sliding parameters might be reconstructed relying on kinematics analysis, which couldn't be directly measured before. The simulation and experimental results suggested that with careful modeling of agricultural tracked robot, the estimation system was able to provide reliable and high update rate sliding parameters, which were taken as the basis for accurate control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agricultural tracked robot,Sliding parameters,Unscented Kalman filter
Experimental comparison of A* and D* Lite path planning algorithms for differential drive automated guided vehicle	2014	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Nowadays there are some path planning algorithms for mobile robot which have been documented and explained individually in detail such as A *, LPA*, D* and D * Lite. However, there is still a lack of a comparative analysis of these algorithms. Therefore, in this paper a research of comparing A* and D* Lite algorithm for AGV's path planning is conducted by using simulation and experiment. The goal is to compare the characteristic of each algorithm when they are applied in a real differential drive AGV and give the reader a guide in choosing algorithms for their own planning domains. The emphasis of this comparison is on the computation time of generating trajectory and the distance of the generated trajectory. The simulation and experimental results show that generally D * Lite can plan the shorter path with faster computation time than A*. However, there are some cases when D* Lite is less effective than A*. It means which of the algorithms should be chosen depends on the requirement of the system.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	8	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous guided vehicle,Path planning
Research on the visual self-stabilization system of the automated guided vehicle (AGV)	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	In view of the unstable phenomenon of the visual system of the AGV in the automatic system, the paper adopts the MEMS gyroscope MPU6050 to collect the status of the visual holder. We can guarantee the stability of the holder, obtain clear pictures and improve the operating validity of the vision-based guided AGV by controlling the brushless motor through the Arduino single chip microcomputer program.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	MPU6050,Robot,Sensor
A method for reducing path tracking errors of an AGV with a trailer	2014	Transactions of the Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers	The use of AGVs(Automated Guided Vehicles) are increasing in many factories. The most widely used AGV system is that magnetic tapes are attached on the factory floor to make guided path and an AGV equipped with a magnetic sensor follows the path by sensing magnetic flux. In this AGV system, usually a magnetic sensor is attached on the front end of an AGV to detect the guided path and the sensor generates analog voltages proportional to the magnetic flux. The problem is that the AGV in use has rather big tracking errors because the accurate orientation of the AGV can not be detected by using only one magnetic sensor. In this paper, we propose a method to minimize the path tracking errors. In our method, one additional sensor is attached on the rear end of the AGV to estimate the orientation of the AGV and to control more accurately the AGV according to the estimated orientation of the AGV. We performed several experiments and the results successfully show the feasibility of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ag vs,Control,Magetic sensors,Path tracking error
Industrial AGVs: Toward a pervasive diffusion in modern factory warehouses	2014	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE 10th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper describes the technology behind the automation of modern factory warehouses with multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). In particular, we focus on intermediate results of Plug-and-Navigate Robots (PAN-Robots) project describing how the latest developed technologies have dealt with main issues about traffic, safety and performance of an automated warehouse. A survey about the market impact produced by first outcomes is then drafted and a roadmap to a pervasive diffusion of AGVs is finally presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	16	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	None
Automated guided vehicles fleet match-up scheduling with production flow constraints	2014	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	The paper describes a Multimodal Transportation Network (MTN) in which several unimodal networks (Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), hoists, lifts, etc.) interact with each other via common shared workstations as to provide a variety of demand-responsive material handling operations. The material handling transport modes provide movement of work pieces between workstations along their manufacturing routes in the MTN. The main contribution of this work is the solution to a constraint satisfaction problem aimed at AGVs fleet match-up scheduling while taking into consideration assumed itineraries of concurrently manufactured product types. In other words, assuming a given topology of the MTN and schedules of operation sequences modeling concurrently manufactured product types, the main objective is to provide a declarative framework aimed at determining conditions allowing one to adjust the AGVs fleet schedule due to the timetable of operations executed in an assumed multi-product manufacturing environment.  2014 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	30	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGVs fleet assignment,Cyclic schedule,Declarative modeling,Material handling,Sizing and scheduling
A Hybrid PSO applied to the flexible job shop with transport	2014	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.In this paper, we study the hybridization of particle swarm optimization (PSO) with stochastic local search. This hybrid metaheuristic is applied to a difficult scheduling problem, recently appeared in the literature, the flexible job shop problem with transport. The objective is to determine experimentally the best balance between the exploration ability of PSO and the exploitation ability of the local search. The obtained results show that local search is effectively an important component which permits to significantly improve the basic PSO algorithm.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	France	4	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
An improved RSSI location algorithm suitable for digital workshop	2014	Advanced Materials Research	Relying on the background of constructing digital workshop, an improved RSSI (Received Signal Strength Indicator) location algorithm is introduced in this paper. At first, the application requirements of RSSI location algorithm are discussed from cargo tracking, instrument management and automatic guided vehicles three aspects; and then focuses on the improvements of the new RSSI location algorithm. The test results and analysis show that the positioning accuracy up to 0.89 meter by applying the new algorithm, and it can meet positioning requirements of digital workshop.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicles,Cargo tracking,Digital workshop,Filter optimization,Instrument management,RSSI location algorithm
A study on a dynamic algorithm for vehicle attitude by using rotary encoder	2014	Qiche Gongcheng/Automotive Engineering	One of the key technologies of intelligent vehicle is accurately determining the position and attitude of vehicle real time. In this paper, a method of calculating the real time attitude of vehicle by using rotary encoder is proposed. With the method a rotary encoder is used to measure the angular displacement of left and right wheels, with which as input, the traveling path and heading angle of vehicle are calculated real time. In calculation the effects of the sideslip angle of tire on vehicle attitude are taken into particular consideration, so effectively reducing the calculation error in higher speed and cornering conditions. Experiment results verify the accurateness and reliability of the proposed scheme.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Automotive Engineering	Cornering property,Dynamic algorithm,Rotary encoder,Vehicle attitude
Lyapunov-based pursuit guidance law with impact angle constraint	2014	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	IFAC.This paper presents Lyapunov-based pursuit guidance law against stationary targets. To design a nonlinear guidance law, Lyapunov candidate function is introduced to reduce the angle between the velocity vector of a missile and the distance vector between the missile and the target. Therefore, the proposed guidance laws have the characteristic of pursuit guidance. To attack a target from a predefined direction, the guidance law should be designed with impact angle constraint at the final phase. To deal with this, the impact angle error is augmented to the Lyapunov candidate function. The proposed guidance laws have simple forms to be implemented easily. Numerical simulations are performed to demonstrate the performance of the proposed guidance laws.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	16	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Guidance systems,Impact angle,Lyapunov stability
Modelling manufacturing systems with place/transition nets and timed petri nets	2014	Formal Methods in Manufacturing	2014 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Manufacturing systems are man-made systems that are increasingly used in factory automation since they can manufacture products with a high degree of automation and numerous different specifications. Manufacturing systems may be defined as discrete production systems in which the handled materials are discrete entities, for example, parts that are machined or assembled [35]. As a result, discrete event formalisms are particularly suitable for modelling manufacturing systems using the basic concepts of events and activities. Hence, manufacturing systems can be effectively represented as discrete event systems (DESs), whose dynamics depends on the interaction of asynchronous discrete events, such as the arrival or departure of parts or products in a buffer, the start of an operation, the completion of a task and the failure of a machine. Among the numerous DES frameworks, 4 Petri Nets (PNs) are a family of formalisms that allow to effectively model manufacturing systems. Indeed, PNs are a graphical and mathematical tool that provides a uniform environment for the design, modelling, formal analysis and performance evaluation of DES. Typically, manufacturing systems are modelled in the PN formalism such that resources (machines, automated guided vehicles (AGVs, buffers, etc.) are represented by places. The corresponding marking represents the capacity of the resource, while the absence of tokens indicates that the resource is unavailable. Therefore, places are useful to capture the decentralized nature of the system and the distributed state of the information in a complex manufacturing system. More generally, places represent conditions in the operation of the system. For instance, a marked (unmarked) place may represent the fact that a machine is operative (down). Moreover, transitions typically represent the start or the termination of an event. Hence, places and transitions represent conditions and precedence relations for the occurrence of events driving the manufacturing system dynamics. In the related literature, PNs contribute in a major way to the modelling of manufacturing systems because they include numerous different formalisms sharing basic principles in a consistent way, each best suited for the desired specific purpose or degree of detail.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Italy	2	Engineering (all)	None
Integrated scheduling of quay cranes and automated lifting vehicles in automated container terminal with unlimited buffer space	2014	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.Nowadays, role of sea port container terminals in national and regional transportation and economy cannot be omitted. To respond enormous and every increasing demand on sea transshipments within the same time frame, terminal managers require more and more efficiency in container performance and operations. Automation of the processes at the quays of the container ports is one the solutions to improve the performance and output of container terminals. For such purpose, using new generation of vehicles is unavoidable. Automated Lifting Vehicle (ALV) is one of the automatic vehicles that has been introduced during recent years and can be used in container terminals. In this paper, an integrated scheduling of quay cranes and automated lifting vehicles with unlimited buffer space is formulated as a mixed integer linear programming model. Our objective is to minimize the makespan of all the loading and unloading tasks for a pre-defined set of cranes. Obtained result from our scheduling model is compared with an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) inspired from the same problem.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Automated container terminal,Automated lifting vehicle,Integrated scheduling,Quay crane,Unlimited buffer space
Fuzzy visual navigation method for autonomous freight transportation robot	2014	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.In this paper, we proposed a fuzzy visual navigation method for using RFID-based map. At first, we design a virtual map which is composed of RFID node and generate a path for navigation. If the robot recognizes a pallet while driving, it uses a proposed fuzzy visual navigation. While the robot is driving to carry out transportation function in the various environments, it uses sensor information from ultrasonic sensors, RFID sensors and camera. We design a freight transportation robot in order to move a goal position effectively. The proposed methods are verified by a navigation experiment.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	South Korea	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous navigation,Freight transportation,Fuzzy visual navigation,Logistics robot,RFID map
Some analysis of automated guided vehicle	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	AGV is mostly used in industrial application to move material around manufacturing facility. Here assembling of AGV is done by using components like chassis, wheels, wiper motors, gear motor, LED sensors, tactile sensor, actuators etc. AGV is designed with the help of electrical design of sensors which are used to control AGV during operation when it is moved on guided path. AGV design was modelled and simulated using catiaV5 software. Design was modelled and drawing preparation was done using catiaV5.Static analysis was done for stress using catiaV5.Here principal stresses at different point were obtained having different deflection. Graphs are plotted for principal stress verses deflection and Navigation performance of AGV uses electric motor. Thus AGV is used to pick up the object with proper gripping system. A navigation system has been developed using sensors. AGV contains software and hardware components and is primarily used for material handling in industries. Static analysis was done for stress using catiaV5. Graphs are plotted for principal stress vs. deflection. The same analysis can be done for different material depending on loading condition. Stress analysis concept can be used to study dynamic analysis. Optimization of AGV can be possible by using different material. To evaluate the performance simulations were conducted using catiaV5 maintaining a constant setup inputs all over.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Engineering (all)	Catia,Navigation,Optimization
A navigation method of information fusion and mutual aid based on map for logistic AGV	2014	Proceedings - 2014 6th International Conference on Measuring Technology and Mechatronics Automation, ICMTMA 2014	According to the problem of robustness and realtime performance in AGV by vision navigation, a navigation method is present in this paper, in which information fusion and mutual aid based on map is adopted. Information model of path is build and direction type of path element is defined. Turning direction for all turning points in whole route can be got by table of judgment rule. Angle of turning can be computed by position information stored in database. Different sensors information is used to control motion of AGV in straight line path and turning path. Map system is developed and can integrate with other sensors information. This method is verified by experiment.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Information fusion,Map,Odometer,Vision navigation
Realization of real-time transmission of spectrum data based on the uPP interface of OMAPL138	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This paper presents a high-speed and multi-thread-safe transmission based on the universal parallel port(uPP) of OMAPL138 and Field Programmable Gate Array(FPGA).With the aid of I/O module used with IOM mini-drivers (GIO module) under DSP/BIOS and internal direct memory access (DMA), this system can obtain a high momentary speed at 300MB/s. This system is designed for the real-time transmission of spectrum data and raw time-domain data which are most important data for monitoring the wireless frequency resource. The real-time transmission of spectrum data has been applied in a spectrum monitoring receiver.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all)	DSP/BIOS,Ping-pong cache technology,Receiver,uPP
Fault tolerant control strategy for an overactuated autonomous vehicle path tracking	2014	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	IFAC.The paper presents a fault tolerant control (FTC) strategy for maintaining the lateral stability of a 4WS4WD autonomous vehicle in presence of an unknown component fault. It is designed using the flatness theory and the backstepping technique, and consists in actively controlling the vehicle's rear-wheel steering system. In a normal situation, only the front-wheel steering actuator is used since it is able to ensure the desired tracking performances on its own. However, for different faulty scenarios, it is needed to use actively the vehicle rear-wheel steering system in order to preserve the system's lateral stability. We prove that, by using this strategy, faults on the traction and the steering systems can be tolerated. The main advantage of our fault tolerant scheme is that these faults can be compensated by online computing new references for the control loops without changing the controller, providing the necessary time for a diagnosis system to precisely isolate the faulty component. This method is tested and validated on a realistic vehicle dynamic model co-simulated using CarSim and Matlab-Simulink softwares.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Active control,Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous control,Dynamic reference generator,Fault-tolerant systems,Four-wheel steering,Trajectory planning
Collaborative calibration of initiative multi-camera guiding system for transport automatic guided vehicle	2014	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	, 2014, Science Press. All right reserved.A heavy-duty transport automatic guided vehicle (AGV) can be constituted by multiple guiding driving modules. Cameras fixed on each module compose the initiative multi-camera guiding system. A collaborative calibration method of the multi-camera initiative guiding system is used for the collaborative guiding of multiple driving modules. Firstly, the internal parameters, external parameters and distortion parameters of each camera are calibrated with planar patterns. Then, characteristic trajectory constraint is proposed to estimate the position and orientation error, and the error of the drive module to the vehicle body by controlling the coordinated motion of driving modules. Transformation model from the vision measurement coordinate to vehicle motion control coordinate is constructed, which is the technical foundation for the collaborative guidance of multi-camera initiative guided AGV. The method can realize the calibration without need of the precise auxiliary measuring instruments, and with a higher precision and implement ability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Instrumentation	Characteristic trajectory constraint,Heavy-duty transport,Multi-camera,Multiple driving modules,Planar pattern
Self-adaptive variable structure control for autonomous guided agricultural vehicle	2014	American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers Annual International Meeting 2014, ASABE 2014	An electric steering mechanism for automatic navigation system was designed. The electric steering mechanism consists of a DC torque motor, motor driver, encoder and steering mechanism. The automatic navigation control system was developed, which is made up of an embedded computer and navigation sensors. The angle sensor fixing device was also designed and tested. In order to advance control precision of the automated guided agricultural vehicle, a variable structure control method based on genetic algorithm (GA) was proposed. A two-wheeled vehicle kinematical analysis model was established. Using the kinematical model, a switch function for variable structure controller is designed by back-stepping approach. Parameters, which were determined previously in the conventional reaching law, were adaptively by GA. Theoretic analysis and experiment results proved the validity of this method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Electric steering,Encoder,Genetic algorithm,Variable structure control
Obstacle avoidance for industrial AGVs	2014	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE 10th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2014	2014 IEEE.The paper deals with the obstacle avoidance problem for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). We propose an automatic algorithm to build new obstacle-free trajectories that leave the original roadmap. The new path has to also comply with the dynamic and kinematic constraints of the AGV. The new paths are generated by means of polar spline curves, lanechange maneuver curves and line segments. The proposed method is validated by means of simulations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	20	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	None
Comparing manned and automated horizontal handling equipment at container terminals	2014	Transportation Research Record	The choice to use horizontal handling transport in automated container terminals is not fully consistent in comparison with the automation of stacking cranes at the storage yard. Often the decision of whether to use an automated system between the berth and the yard area is not clear, and terminal operators tend not to use automated systems. The goal of this paper is to provide an economic analysis to determine under which conditions automated horizontal transport is more efficient than a semiautomated system. The study provided several simulation models to calculate the optimal equipment necessary to connect storage and berth subsystems in a maritime container terminal in fully automated and semiautomated scenarios. Data from the semiautomated container terminal at the Port of Barcelona, Spain, were used. In addition to the cost analysis, guidelines on the best alternative, considering labor costs, throughput movements per quay crane and year, and quay crane productivity are provided.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Spain	2	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Scheduling of no buffer job shop cells with blocking constraints and automated guided vehicles	2014	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2014 Elsevier B.V.The blocking job shop (BJS) problem is an extension of a job shop problem with no buffer constraints. It means that after a job is completed on the current machine, it remains on that machine until the next machine becomes available. This paper addresses an extension of the BJS problem, which takes into account transferring jobs between different machines using a limited number of automated guided vehicles (AGV), called a BJS-AGV problem. Two integer non-linear programming (INLP) models are proposed. A two-stage heuristic algorithm that combines an improving timetabling method and a local search is proposed to solve the BJS-AGV problem. A neighborhood structure in the local search is proposed based on a disjunctive graph model. According to the characteristics of the BJS-AGV problem, four principles are proposed to guarantee the feasibility of the search neighborhood. Computation results are presented for a set of benchmarking tests, some of which are enlarged by transportation times between different machines. The numerical results show the effectiveness of the proposed two-stage algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	24	Software	AGV,Blocking,Disjunctive graph model,Job shop scheduling,Local search
An automatic approach for the generation of the roadmap for multi-AGV systems in an industrial environment	2014	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2014 IEEE.This paper deals with the automatic generation of a roadmap. We propose an approach to build a roadmap for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) used for logistics operations in industrial environments. The algorithm computes a roadmap in such a way that the coverage, the connectivity and the redundancy of the paths are maximized. In this way the flexibility and the efficiency of the AGV system can be increased. The proposed approach is validated by means of comparison with different roadmaps manually built in real plants.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Identifying the robust number of intelligent autonomous vehicles in container terminals	2014	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.The purpose of this research is to provide an improved Evolutionary Algorithm (EA) in combination with Monte Carlo Simulation (MCS) to identify the robust number of a new type of intelligent vehicles in container terminals. This type of vehicles, named Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles (IAVs), has been developed in a European project. This research extends our previous study on combining MCS with EAs. This paper has three main contributions: first, it proposes a dynamic strategy to adjust the number of samples used by MCS to improve the performance of the EA; second, it incorporates different robustness measures into the EA to produce different robust solutions depending on user requirements; and third, it investigates the relation between different robust solutions using statistical analyses to provide insights into what would be the most appropriate robust solutions for port operators. These contributions have been verified using empirical experiments.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Using JIGSAW-type collaborative learning for integrating foreign students in embedded system engineering	2014	Proceedings of the 2014 29th Conference on Design of Circuits and Integrated Systems, DCIS 2014	2014 IEEE.Nowadays, the acquisition of professional competences is recognised as the main goal of the learning processes. Among then, cooperative abilities enabling the interaction with other colleges are very important. However, the integration of different students and their collaboration during the teaching activities is not always easy. When students from different origins are placed together in the same classroom, we have noted that different closed groups can appear. Different techniques for collaborative learning have been proposed to integrate different students by forcing the creation of heterogeneous working groups. However, forcing students to work together usually limits their motivation on the related activities, compromising the whole educational process for both native and foreign students. To solve that, this paper proposes an application of a JIGSAW methodology that, using different practical activities, aims to ensure the integration of the different students while increasing their interest in the learning process. Additionally, the methodology improves the steps of monitoring and evaluation by adding final practical activities. The methodology has been applied in the area of embedded system design proposing as a practical activity the design of an automatic guided vehicle.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	5	Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,computing engineering education,Cooperative learning,embedded designs,jigsaw
Autonomous navigation in an agriculture product processing center	2014	2014 11th International Conference on Ubiquitous Robots and Ambient Intelligence, URAI 2014	2014 IEEE.In this paper, we suggest the system using Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV)s for conveying products suitable for medium and small scale factory automation system. As the result this paper presents the practical application of this system applied in Chungju Agriculture Product Processing Center. And we set the dedicated task manager to translate high-level tasks into general robot commands for navigation to reuse developed algorithms without modifying algorithm itself.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	AGV,Dock,Factory automation,Navigation,Task management
Recognition of object by extended Histograms of Oriented Gradients (EHOG) on route for a mobile robot	2014	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	2014 Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems (ICROS).This paper presents a recognition of obstacle and objects for an industrial a mobile robot, e.g., an automated guided vehicle (AGV), by using monocular camera. The mobile robot moves for transporting same parts in a factory where the robot has to pass a production line. An accurate recognition of object on the production line is required for moving the robot automatically. In addition, the robustness to luminance changes is required. During the past decades, some robust features, such as Scale Invariant Feature Transform(SIFT), Speeded Up Robust Features(SURF), Histograms of Oriented Gradients(HOG), or Extended HOG(EHOG), have been proposed in computer vision and machine learning. In this paper, we focus on the robustness of EHOG and we propose a decision algorithm of objects on a path by using the machine learning based on EHOG.We show that experimental results are provided and the usefulness of the proposed algorithm is introduced by these results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Extended HOG feature,object recognition,Real AdaBoost
An anti-capsize strategy for industrial vehicles: Preliminary testing on a scaled AGV	2014	MESA 2014 - 10th IEEE/ASME International Conference on Mechatronic and Embedded Systems and Applications, Conference Proceedings	2014 IEEE.The stability of industrial vehicles, such as forklifts and lifters, is very important from a safety point of view: these vehicles are subjected to variable loading conditions and their design is often optimized to privilege handling in narrow spaces, instead of stability. To study in deep the problem of vehicle capsize prevention, the authors developed a scaled AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle). It is a three wheeled differential drive mobile robot, with front motorized wheels, driven by speed-controlled drivers. The position of the wheels and the loads can be easily modified to simulate different vehicle configurations and operating scenarios. The vehicle is controlled with a Texas Instrument C2000 controller, programmable through Matlab-Simulink Embedded Coder™. In addition, the forces exchanged among the wheels and the ground are monitored using low cost load cells, with miniaturized amplification stages. MEMS three-axial accelerometers and gyros are installed in order to detect inertial loads and to estimate the vehicle pose and, through a proper filtering, the ground slope. The implemented strategy is able to identify the loading conditions of the vehicle by means of a dedicated algorithm: this algorithm evaluates the position of the center of mass from static measurements that are further refined when the vehicle is in motion with an adaptive filtering based on the fusion of both static and dynamic measurements. Once the vehicle is in motion, the controller, to prevent the vehicle capsize, is able to limit its forward speed without changing the geometry of the assigned trajectory. In this work, the results of preliminary testing activities are shown, demonstrating the validity and the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Anti-capsize,autonomous vehicles,vehicle safety
Layout optimization in flexible manufacturing system using particle swarm optimization in Matlab	2014	International Journal of Software Engineering and its Applications	FMS ensures quality product at lowest cost. Layout arrangement of flexible manufacturing system is important to achieve high productivity. In this paper the design of loop layout in Flexible Manufacturing System is discussed. The objective of the loop layout problem is to determine the order of machines around a loop, and to minimize the automated guided vehicle movement. Particle Swarm Optimization technique is proposed to optimize the flexible manufacturing system layout. This paper also discusses the movement of AGV around the loop layout. AGV movement is considered as bidirectional. The clearance between the machines is also considered in the Flexible Manufacturing System loop layout that produces result which will be optimized.  2014 SERSC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	6	Software	AGV,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Loop layout,Matlab,Particle swarm optimization
A decision support method for internal truck employment	2014	Industrial Management and Data Systems	Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose-The purpose of this paper is to propose a model that determines the strategy of owning and renting trucks in combinations with internal truck scheduling and storage allocation problems in container terminals.Design/methodology/approach-To deal with this complicated problem, a two-level heuristic approach is developed, in which the integration problem is decomposed into two levels. The first level determines the daily operations of the internal trucks, while the second level determines the truck employment strategy based on the calculation in the first level.Findings-The results show that: even if the using cost of owned yard trucks is much lower than the cost of rented yard tucks, terminal companies should not purchase too many trucks when the purchasing price is high. In addition, the empirical truck employment strategies, which are purchasing all the trucks or renting all the trucks, are not cost-effective when compared with the proposed yard truck employment strategy.Originality/value-The paper provides a novel insight for the internal truck employment strategy in container terminals which is the determination of the strategy of employing renting and outsourcing yard trucks to meet operational daily transportation requirements and minimize the long-term cost of employing yard trucks. A mathematical model is proposed to deal with the practical problem. Also, this study presents better solution than empirical method for employing different types of yard truck. Thus, in order to obtain more benefit, terminal companies should employ the proposed yard truck employment strategy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	9	Management Information Systems,Industrial Relations,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Storage allocation,Yard truck scheduling
Using innovative transportation technologies and automation concepts to improve key criteria of lean logistics	2014	FAIM 2014 - Proceedings of the 24th International Conference on Flexible Automation and Intelligent Manufacturing: Capturing Competitive Advantage via Advanced Manufacturing and Enterprise Transformation	Copyright 2014 by DEStech Publications, Inc. All rights reserved.Decreasing or entire eliminating all kinds of waste in production systems is one of the main goals of today?s companies implementing lean management. Wastes can be found in material warehouses or facilities, all production and logistic processes and in finished products warehouses. The 4th industrial revolution, widely known as Industrie 4.0, delivers many innovative technologies. All of these solutions are significantly helping to reduce waste and make the company lean. These have to be compared to existing technologies in cases of energetic or time efficiency. The contribution describes two logistics technologies-The AirMove system and Automatic Guided Vehicles. The paper further deals with the comparison of the two logistic technologies in crucial aspects of lean management quality-cost-time. Therefore measurements of energy consumption, time or volume aspects are the necessary tools which are providing needed information. The objective is not the discrediting of one of the technologies, but the relaying of the relevance of lean thinking, drawn by a fundamental comparison of the two technologies. The research will be performed in the experimental and digital factory at Chemnitz University of Technology.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Influence of the number of AGVs on products conveyance efficiency in AGV transportation system based on knowledge of taxis	2014	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	Copyright  2014 by ASME.Manufacturing systems, such as the flexible manufacturing system (FMS), have recently changed to accommodate the production of various types and volumes of products. In the FMS, however, it is difficult to change the layout of the factory and solve problems that arise. Therefore, the importance of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is increasing because they can flexibly respond to changes in facilities and factory layouts. However, there have not been any studies that take into account the many indefinite and accidental elements regarding AGV systems. Applications of knowledge in one domain to a different domain have been drawing much attention. Such activity is called a mimetic solution. We investigated applying the knowledge of traffic engineering regarding passenger transport to conveyance of AGVs. We propose an autonomous conveyance system for AGVs based on taxi transportation strategies to solve indefinite and accidental problems. The system focuses on applying traffic engineering knowledge regarding a flexible taxi system. A taxi is a transport unit in a traffic system involving high flexibility in traveling routes and arrival/departure points. We also applied the waiting mode of taxis at stations where AGVs pick up and drop off products (P/Ds) as AGV rules to our system and investigated the system's effectiveness and adaptability to schedule changes in the factories. To adopt a waiting mode as AGV rules, we determine the arrival/departure points that AGVs wait and changing the number of AGVs and product intervals. In addition, collision between AGVs must be considered. If a collision occurs, we have to change the factory schedule. Therefore, we took into consideration AGV collisions. We estimated the matching time, conveyance efficiency, and number of approaches as assessment functions. The matching time is the period between when a load is generated and received, conveyance efficiency is the ratio of total distance to distance traveled while empty, and approaching AGVs denotes the risk of collision. Specifically, we discuss the effect of the number of AGVs on these parameters by considering the ratio of the number of AGVs to the number of P/Ds. We demonstrated that our system is effective in terms of high conveyance efficiency and reducing the number of approaches without decreasing matching time and with a suitable number of AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	None
Dynamic rolling-horizon strategy for the electric trolley scheduling in frame bridge-based automated container terminals based on Hungarian algorithm	2014	International Journal of Computer Applications in Technology	Copyright  2014 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Automated container terminal (ACT) is attracting more and more attentions. This paper mainly focuses on proposing an efficient approach for the electric trolley scheduling in frame bridge-based automated container terminals (FB-ACTs). An integer programming model is presented for electric trolley (ET) scheduling problem, where the objective function is subject to the minimisation of the makespan of all tasks. Furthermore, owing to computational intractability regarding ET scheduling, a heuristic algorithm based on Hungarian algorithm, which can guarantee to find the optimal solution in a short time in most cases, is then developed. Afterwards, dynamic rolling-horizon decision strategy is employed to implement the proposed heuristic algorithm. Finally, computational experiments are applied to verify the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications	Dynamic rolling-horizon decision strategy,Electric trolley scheduling,FB-ACT,Frame bridge-based automated container terminal,Hungarian algorithm,Integer programming
Comparison of two mathematical formulations for the offline routing of personal rapid transit system vehicles	2014	2014 19th International Conference on Methods and Models in Automation and Robotics, MMAR 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper compares two valid mathematical formulations for solving a routing problem related to Personal Rapid Transit(PRT). The PRT is an innovative automated transportation system that provides an on-demand transportation service for its users. This is made possible by the use of small electric driverless vehicles. Our objective is to determine the mathematical formulation that minimizes the total energy used to satisfy passenger requests with respect to the battery capacity of each vehicle. For this purpose, we conduct numerical experiments over 760 randomly generated instances with up to 100 passenger requests.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	13	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Vision-based autonomous load handling for automated guided vehicles	2014	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE 10th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2014	2014 IEEE.The paper presents a method for automatically detecting pallets and estimating their position and orientation. For detection we use a sliding window approach with efficient candidate generation, fast integral features and a boosted classifier. Specific information regarding the detection task such as region of interest, pallet dimensions and pallet structure can be used to speed up and validate the detection process. Stereo reconstruction is employed for depth estimation by applying Semi-Global Matching aggregation with Census descriptors. Offline test results show that successful detection is possible under 0.5 seconds.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	10	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	object detection,object recognition,stereo reconstruction
Queueing network-based performance model for wafer fabrication automated material handling system	2014	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To rapidly and effectively analyzing performances of wafer fabrication Automated Material Handling System (AMHS) so as to get optimized design scheme, a performance analyzing model based on queueing network was proposed. In the model, by considering the multi-vehicle blocking characteristic, multi-vehicle's transporting on automated material handling system's closed-loop tracks was represented as queueinng network process, and virtual units was taken to describe AMHS's multi-shortcut features to improve accuracy of performance analyzing model. With production data from a wafer fabrication enterprise, the proposed performance analyzing model was validated and compared with simulation model. The result showed that the 97% relative errors between the proposed model and simulation model was in range of [-7%, 9%] on the performance indexes such as vehicle's utilization ratio, AMHS's movement and interval of vehicle's mean arrival time. However, computing efficiency of the proposed model was significantly higher than that of the simulation model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated material handling system,Performance analyzing model,Queueing network,Wafer fabrication
A new dispatching model of automated lifting vehicles in automated container terminal with limited buffer space	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Automation of the processes at the quays of the world's large container ports is one of the answers to the required ever-increasing transshipment volumes within the same timeframe. For such purpose, using new generation of vehicles is unavoidable. One of the automatic vehicles that can be used in container terminals is Automated Lifting Vehicle (ALV). Integrated scheduling of handling equipments with quay cranes can increase the efficiency of automated transport systems in container. In this paper, an integrated scheduling of quay cranes and automated lifting vehicles with limited buffer space is formulated as a mixed integer linear programming model. This model minimizes the makespan of all the loading and unloading tasks for a pre-defined set of cranes in a scheduling problem.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	1	Engineering (all)	Automated container terminal,Automated lifting vehicle,Integrated scheduling,Limited buffer space,Quay crane
Multi-functional real time path programmable robot	2014	2014 IEEE International Conference on Vehicular Electronics and Safety, ICVES 2014	2014 IEEE.Programmable robots have immense potential in transforming the way daily routines are performed. Interaction with our surroundings can be greatly enhanced by deploying these robots. In this paper, a dynamic way of programming a robot that traverses a fed input path is presented. A scaling mechanism that can map a large room onto the user's held hand device has been introduced. Paper also presents an intuitive way of measuring the speed and position of the robot using basic IR sensors. In a nutshell, robot is aware of its speed, position and is flexible to travel in any path specified by the user in real time. Applications are far flung and the robot could potentially aid the semi-autonomous navigation of vehicles. Results of the proposed methodology could lay foundation for building a robot with abilities rather than tasks. It could change the way the robots are conceived and utilized.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Keypad,Mapping,Microcontroller,Path Follower,State Space.
An evolutionary hybrid algorithm for layout planning in flexible manufacturing system	2014	Advanced Materials Research	The layout of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) involves distributing different resources for achieving maximum efficiency. To provide a variety of products to customers the FMS has created a significant set of operational changes. Among this, layout planning is more important in achieving productivity of FMS. The problem of this type is combinatorial in nature and found to be Non-deterministic Polynomial (NP) complete. This paper focuses the loop layout planning of an FMS with the aim of minimizing the transportation distance and the backtracking distances of the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) using the hybrid Scatter Search - Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm (SS-PSO). Since the Loop layout has relatively low initial costs and contains few material handling links with higher flexibility. SS-PSO operates on unifying principles based on strategic designs compared to other metaheuristic algorithms such as GA, PSO etc. Hybrid SS-PSO approach is applied to seven and nine machines loop layout problem. It is found that the proposed algorithm provides a better solution with fast convergence rate compared with other metaheuristic algorithms.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Engineering (all)	Flexible manufacturing system,Hybrid algorithm,Particle swarm optimization,Scatter search algorithm
Iterative multimodal processes scheduling	2014	Annual Reviews in Control	The paper considers the problem of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) fleet scheduling subject to the right match-up of local cyclic acting AGV schedules to given workpiece machining schedules. The main contribution of this work is the solution to a constraint satisfaction problem aimed at AGVs fleet match-up scheduling while taking into consideration assumed itineraries of concurrently manufactured product types. In other words, assuming a given layout of FMS's material handling and production routes of simultaneously manufactured work orders as well as cyclic schedules of concurrently manufactured product types, the goal is to provide a declarative model enabling multimodal processes, i.e. employing AGVs, hoists, lifts, etc. demand-responsible scheduling of transportation/handling services. An algebra-like driven approach to cyclic scheduling based on step-by-step composition of multimodal transportation network sub-structures is proposed. Results of computational experiments assessing scalability of the method provided are presented as well.  2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	24	Software,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Synthetic ecologies protocols, simulation, and manipulation for indeterminate landscapes	2014	ACADIA 2014 - Design Agency: Proceedings of the 34th Annual Conference of the Association for Computer Aided Design in Architecture	2014 ACADIA. All rights reserved.The finite methods of design and engineering have created static counterpoints to systems that are continually in fluctuation. There is a necessity to engage dynamic environmental phenomena through methods that mimic an indeterminate control framework as a means of developing infrastructures and settlements that are more tightly entwined with complex ecologies. The work outlined in this paper positions the design and curation of synthetic ecologies through the lens of simulation and monitoring as a way to develop logics of interaction. Advances in computational design research, engineering simulation, and computational fluid dynamics are providing designers with the tools to challenge the determinacy of systems engineering with informed dynamic solutions. Synthetic ecologies describe a conceptual methodology for autonomous landscape manipulation guided by protocols that are informed through multiple physical and temporal scales of data, learning from past and future scenarios. This methodology, developed as a response to landscape indeterminacy, expresses a computational approach to designing complex and evolving ecologies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	9	Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Hardware and Architecture	None
Research of AGV variable frequency speed regulation system based on new type PMSM	2014	Advanced Materials Research	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.Halbach motor is a new type permanent magnet synchronous motor: unique permanent magnet structure makes its magnetic field unilateral and distributed sinusoidal, increases the magnetic density of air gap while decreases the magnetic density of rotor. It helps to raise the power density and efficiency of power, reduces the size of motor and the pulsating torque. The full-digital variable frequency adjustable speed AGV system with halbach motor based on the TMS320F2812 is designed, and its experiment result proves that it performed well and environment-friendly, saving the energy as well.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Halbach motor,Variable frequency
Dijkstra's algorithm in AGV	2014	Proceedings of the 2014 9th IEEE Conference on Industrial Electronics and Applications, ICIEA 2014	2014 IEEE.The path planning is a very important part of AGV control. Firstly, The OpenCV is called to fitting the contour of obstacles with polygon and to optimize the result. Then a model of AGV work space is built by the method of network topology. So the problem of AGV path planning can be transformed into the problem of searching for the shortest path of the network topology. In the process of searching, Try and error method and Dijkstra's algorithm are respectively used to get the optimal or approximate optimal path, and finally gets a complete plan by comparing the result of two algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Dijkstra's algorithm,OpenCV,Polygon fitting,The optimal path planning
Dispatching and loitering policies for unmanned aerial vehicles under dynamically arriving multiple priority targets	2014	Journal of Simulation	The dynamic nature and growing size of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) systems demands quick methods for effective task allocation, routing and positioning of UAVs in reaction to and in anticipation of arriving targets. The importance of targets, along with the timeliness of completing their tasks determines how effective a system is performing. Through simulation, this paper examines a system with multiple UAVs assigned to respond to fixed-location, multiple-priority targets. Dispatching rules and loitering strategies are implemented to insure rapid service for high-priority targets and effective management of medium-priority levels. The design of a study is discussed, for multiple dispatching rules and loitering strategy combinations under varying conditions of: region size, on-scene service rate, arrival rate, and target priority. The decision policy with the think-ahead and distance-based dispatching rules created the greatest benefit, when implemented with the loitering policy based on arrival location probabilities with continual consideration of busy UAV's future availability.  2014 Operational Research Society Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	11	Software,Modeling and Simulation	defense studies,military,unmanned aerial vehicles,vehicle routing
A simulation-based optimization approach for a semiconductor photobay with automated material handling system	2014	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	This study addressed the issue of automated material handling systems (AMHS) in the photolithography zone of a 300 mm (12-in.) wafer fab facility. The lithography process accounts for 40-50% of the time required to produce wafers. Therefore, managing the AMHS in the photolithography zone is a challenging task. This paper examines the dispatching rule and the number of vehicles in variable wafer input cases. With a stochastic and complex manufacturing process, a photobay simulation may lead to excessive iterations and wasted computation time. The most frequently used approach for process management in the literature is performance analysis with a model that simulates each alternative for N times. However, this approach becomes time consuming as the number of variables and iterations increases. To address this issue, we use Optimal Computing Budget Allocation (OCBA) and extend OCBA by adding particle swarm optimization (PSO). With this combined approached, the number of iterations of each alternative is determined by OCBA, and the optimal solution in the domain of feasible solutions is identified through PSO. This research provides a useful reference to optimally allocate lithographical resources and the number of iterations with random parameters for both scholars and practitioners. Results demonstrate the superiority of PSOOCBA in terms of searching quality and robustness.  2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	14	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Automated material handling systems,Desirability function,Optimal Computing Budget Allocation,Particle swarm optimization,Photolithographic zone
Selected aspects of simulation modelling of internal transport processes performed at logistics facilities	2014	Archives of Transport	The transport is an important part of logistic systems. Improper management of transport operations may contribute to the low level of the usage of vehicles and to high transport costs, as well as to the formation of unnecessary high inventory at each location of storage, as well as prolonged time of order realization and not full use of company capacity. It is therefore important the appropriate dimensioning, planning of the transport system and performed transport operations so as to allow the supply of certain goods at the right time and the amount to the appropriate points of the system. The article presents the methods of transport operations modelling, taking into account different criteria based on discrete event simulation. In the article the case study of modelling transport operations in the small cross-docking centre is also presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	8	Automotive Engineering,Transportation	Logistics system,Optimization,Simulation,Transport,Transport operation
A control technique for automatic taxi in fixed wing aircraft	2014	52nd Aerospace Sciences Meeting	2015 American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Inc. All rights reserved.The taxi manoeuvre of fixed wing aircraft today is still not automated and there is a business case for developing advanced automation functions that depend on guidance and control systems to guide the aircraft on taxiways and runways. This paper investigates the use of the pure pursuit algorithm as the basis of aircraft control during taxi and proposes an adaptation to the algorithm to reduce the dynamic cross-track error when recovering from certain offset conditions. A fuzzy logic controller to adapt the look-ahead distance according to speed and cross-track error is also proposed. The combined algorithm is evaluated on three test paths of varying complexity and its performance in terms of the ability to keep the aircraft on the desired path is investigated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malta	2	Aerospace Engineering	None
Layout analysis affecting strategic decisions in artificial container terminals	2014	Computers and Industrial Engineering	As a result of a major growth in world trade, importance of the container terminals, which are the exit gates of international maritime trade, has been emphasized and the competition between these terminals has increased. In recent years, increasing competition in shallow seas, which have low berth depth and intensive trade, has caused terminal managers to investigate how the strategic decisions affect the future development of terminal operations. Due to their low berth depth, container terminals in the feeder ports of shallow seas are built artificially near coastlines. The most common layouts found in these terminals are Π, L, π, or Ψ. In this paper, simulation models were developed for the container terminals to examine the effect of transporter dispatching rules and resource allocation strategies in terms of total annual handling amount. According to the results, terminal performance is significantly affected by terminal layout design under different transporter dispatching rules and allocation strategies.  2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	14	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Allocation strategies,Container terminals,Logistics,Simulation
A control technique for automatic taxi in fixed wing aircraft	2014	52nd AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting - AIAA Science and Technology Forum and Exposition, SciTech 2014	The taxi manoeuvre of fixed wing aircraft today is still not automated and there is a business case for developing advanced automation functions that depend on guidance and control systems to guide the aircraft on taxiways and runways. This paper investigates the use of the pure pursuit algorithm as the basis of aircraft control during taxi and proposes an adaptation to the algorithm to reduce the dynamic cross-track error when recovering from certain offset conditions. A fuzzy logic controller to adapt the look-ahead distance according to speed and cross-track error is also proposed. The combined algorithm is evaluated on three test paths of varying complexity and its performance in terms of the ability to keep the aircraft on the desired path is investigated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malta	1	Space and Planetary Science,Aerospace Engineering	None
A decomposition method to analyze the performance of frame bridge based automated container terminal	2014	Expert Systems with Applications	This paper studies a new automated container terminal (ACT) system which utilizes multi-storey frame bridges and rail-mounted trolleys to transport containers between the quay and the yard. Different from widely used AGV-ACT systems, the ACT system studied in this paper uses three types of handling machines, which collaborate to transport containers. This study decomposes the container flow in the new ACT system into three queuing sub-networks. Then an iterative method is developed to analyze the operational efficiency of the ACT system. We analyze its transport efficiency by comparing with the widely used AGV-based systems. This study tries to help port operators better understand the relative merits of this new design and decide whether it is applicable in their terminals.  2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated container terminals,Performance analysis,Port operation
Simulating an AGV scheduling in job workshop for optimal configuration	2014	Advanced Materials Research	We herein simulate the scheduling process of automatic guided vehicle (AGV for short) with Plant Simulation, and try to obtain an optimal configuration for meeting practical engineering requirement in one assembly plant. We defined the predetermined loading station, unloading station and walking path simulation, and obtain a specific simulation time. Then, we build AGV simulation model, import data, define procedures and run the simulation process. By running the model repeatedly, we obtained the cost time and utilization rate of AGVs in each group in the process, and compared the simulation time to obtain the appropriate number of AGVs. The machine utilization results verified our simulated AGV configuration.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Engineering (all)	AGV,Job workshop,Plant simulation,Scheduling
Fuzzy adaptive PID control of a mobile assistive robot platform	2014	Proceedings - 2014 World Ubiquitous Science Congress: 2014 IEEE 12th International Conference on Dependable, Autonomic and Secure Computing, DASC 2014	2014 IEEE.In the past, assistive robots are used to assist people with physical disabilities through physical interaction and improve the independence and quality of life of persons with disabilities. In this paper, a fuzzy proportional integral derivative controller is proposed which can be tuned by carrying the tuning rules from fuzzy domain. It has been applied and validated in actual mobile assistive system control with significantly improves the control quality. The simulation results show that the performances are better than that of conventional PID controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Science (all)	fuzzy logical,mobile robot,PID
Designing and controlling the performance of FMS: Application of principle component analysis	2014	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2018, Pleiades Publishing. All rights reserved.This paper attempts to establish a quantitative relationship between output indicators such as automated-guided vehicle (AGV) utilization and input variables like part arrival rate, processing times at machining centers, and various decision rules employed at AGV and Resources in a dynamic dedicated flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Dummy data are generated and the system is simulated to produce the output indicator for a given set of input variables and decision rules. Design and controlling of a FMS require much investment. So it is essential to make best decisions for selection of a FMS option. The proposed Principle Component Analysis is performed on a dataset that contains requirement of FMS alternatives.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	AGV,FMS,Principal component analysis,Resources,Simulation
Fisheye optics for omnidirectional perception	2014	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE 10th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2014	2014 IEEE.This document describes the design process of fisheye optics designed for omnidirectional perception in automated guided vehicles. Requirements for a custom designed fisheye lens are first derived from the application requirements. Based on these requirements the selected measurement geometry and lens design are explained and justified. Some expected optical performance values are listed and also the upcoming test procedures are described. The overall target of the paper is to present the specification, design and test phases of the application oriented fisheye optics design task which was done as a part of the EC-funded PAN-Robots project.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	6	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	automated vehicles,environment perception,fisheye lens,Omnidirectional imaging,safety applications
AC and DC motor drives for AGV comparative experiments	2014	Advanced Materials Research	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.All the drive motor of AGV are DC servo motor in the domestic stage, but it has some shortcomings such as more power consumption, noise, magnet coils easy to burn, life is short and so on in the actual production. Through two series of comparative tests on the DC motor and AC motor driven AGV get two drive mode start time, start acceleration, top speed and other values. Through numerical processing and analysis know that AC motor as a AGV drive motor is better than Dc servo motor..	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AC motor,AGV car,DC motor,Drive
Optimization of the automobile parts mixed production line based on EM-plant	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The balance of mixed production line is the key issue, which means to adjust the working load to make working hour equal to production TAKT as well as to average the working hour of each station. Firstly, the automobile piston mixed production line system was analyzed by eM-Plant, which was carried out by object-oriented modeling and process-oriented simulation. After evaluating the production line performance, including the utilization rate of equipment and worker, the bottlenecks of the mixed production line were indentified. Finally, the relative measures were put forward to solve it, which makes the enterprise obtains the ability of rapid response to market demands.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	EM-plant,Equipment utilization rate,Mixed production line,Optimization,Worker utilization rate
Multi-AGV scheduling optimization based on: Neuro-endocrine coordination mechanism	2014	International Journal on Smart Sensing and Intelligent Systems	To solve the problems of task scheduling and coordination control presented by a multi-AGV system, the mixed regional control model for the production task has been advanced. The architecture of multi-AGV task assignment and scheduling mechanism has been proposed by combining the mixed regional control model for the production task and the neuro-endocrine coordination mechanism. Hormones for manufacturing cell are secreted by the machine tool according to the information in the production task, and the task can be allocated to the most suitable machine according to the hormone concentrations of the manufacturing cell. The AGV's hormones are secreted according to the AGV's operation state. The AGV with the largest hormone concentration will be chosen to execute the transportation task, thus shortening the overall run time of the system. A series of scheduling simulation experiments are performed for some specific examples to demonstrate the feasibility and efficacy of the proposed approach. The results show that tasks can be allocated according to the current status of a machine tool and tasks can be scheduled according to the current state of the AGV system to maximize the efficiency of the AGVs as well as that of the overall system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Coordination control,Multi-AGV,Neuro-endocrine coordination mechanism,Scheduling simulation,Scheduling strategy
Developing rapid prototype-capable applications for industrial mobile robot platforms	2014	INES 2014 - IEEE 18th International Conference on Intelligent Engineering Systems, Proceedings	2014 IEEE.The paper summarizes our ideas and solutions in the subject of developing a rapid prototype-capable robot platform. Constructing a robotic platform for scientific researches means to find a robust electrical and mechanical system which is connected to a high computational device and it is easily programmable. Usually the first two features can be funded in industrial robots which unfortunately do not possess the last two. The presented solution refers to a mobile robot (Neobotix MP500) tuned with an extra computer and programmed with LabVIEW.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	3	Software,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics,Theoretical Computer Science	None
European automated container terminals	2014	Komunikacie	The establishment of the container as a cargo packaging unit belongs to the most significant developments in maritime transport in the 20th century. Containers started to be used in sea transport due to the reduction of loading time. They also protect cargo against its damage, theft and loss [1]. Containers are transported by specialized cellular container ships that are classified into the generations depending on their size. The role of the container terminals is to handle, load, unload, and transfer containers by special equipment. There is also a yard where containers are stored [2] and [3]. Congested container sea ports have implemented new ways how to increase their throughput. The construction of automated container terminals is one way how to do it.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	4	Transportation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated container terminal,Automated guided vehicles,Automated stacking cranes
On heuristic approach for solution of scheduling problem involving transportation time and break-down times for three machines	2014	Research Journal of Applied Sciences, Engineering and Technology	In most manufacturing and distribution systems, semi-finished jobs are transferred from one processing facility to another by transporters such as automated guided vehicles and conveyors and finished jobs are delivered to customers or warehouses by vehicles such as trucks. Most machine scheduling models assume either that there are a finite number of transporters for delivering jobs or that jobs are delivered instantaneously from one location to another without transportation time involved. In this study we study a new simple heuristic algorithm for a '3-machine, n-job' flow shop scheduling problem in which transportation time and break down times of machines are considered. A heuristic approach method to find optimal and near optimal sequence minimizing the total elapsed time.  Maxwell Scientific Organization, 2014.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Break down time,Flow-shop scheduling problem,Optimal sequence,Transportation time
An approach to determination of simple circular waits in reconfigurable multi-vehicle systems	2014	2014 IEEE Conference on Control Applications, CCA 2014	2014 IEEE.Resource allocation systems are used for modeling and control of flexible manufacturing systems, multi-vehicle systems, traffic networks, etc. Methods for control of these systems are often based on the identification of a special structural property, simple circular wait of resources, and interrelations between simple circular waits. In this paper we study reconfigurable resource allocation systems, which require that control algorithm is modified online and, therefore, has low running time. In this paper we propose dynamical algorithms for determination of simple circular waits in reconfigurable systems, which are based on Johnson's algorithm, and aim at identifying only changes in the set of simple circular waits. Running time of the proposed algorithms is lower than running time of standard static methods. Algorithms are tested for a family of multi-vehicle systems and results confirm the advantages of using the dynamic algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Petri net representation for 0-1 integer programming problems	2014	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2014 IEEE.Petri net is a mathematical modeling tool that represents wide variety of discrete event systems. Given an initial marking and final marking for a Petri net, an optimal firing sequence problem is defined as the problem to And an optimal transition sequence to minimize the objective function. For the purpose of analysis of 0-1 integer programming problems, we propose a general algorithm to convert general 0-1 integer programming problem into an optimal firing sequence problem of Petri net. By utilizing the proposed algorithm, general 0-1 integer programming problems can be visualized and analyzed by Petri net theory. The property of solutions derived by solving the original 0-1 integer programming and the optimal firing sequence problem is discussed. The solution of 0-1 integer programming problem and that of the optimal firing sequence problem of Petri net are compared. The results show that the solutions for both problems are identical for traveling salesman problem and vehicle routing problems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	0-1 integer programming problem,discrete event systems,optimal firing sequence problem,Petri nets,traveling salesman problem,vehicle routing problems
Development of autonomous master-and-slave vehicles with cruise technology	2014	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.The object of this study is to develop a group of master-and-slave vehicles with the realization of group control and cruise technology. The main feature is to design one large master-vehicle, and two small slave-vehicles. The master vehicle can carry the slave vehicles to perform the security patrol in grouping mode. When executing the security patrol, central monitoring system will command the master vehicle with slave vehicles moving to the corridor of patrolled floor in building. Furthermore, the slave vehicles will be putted down from the master vehicle and autonomously cruise everywhere of patrolled floor. After the cruising of slave vehicles, the master vehicle will carry these slave vehicles to the next place and continue patrolling task. Once multiple vehicles work simultaneously, the efficiency of security patrol will be significantly improved. The experimental results indicate that the designed master-and-slave vehicles have successfully completed the mission of autonomous cruising. Consequently, the proposed development is available in the application of security.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous cruising,Central monitoring system,Grouping control,Master and slave vehicles,Security patrol
Fifi-robustness of person detection for gesture controlled vehicles in intralogistics FiFi-Robuste Personenerkennung gestengesteuerter Fahrzeuge in der Intralogistik	2014	Logistics Journal	2014 Logistics Journal.The Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) “FiFi” is controlled by recognition of gestures and persons based on 3D data of the environment. The algorithms of person recognition lead to false detection of persons in some cases. The paper describes error causes and presents some solutions. Experiments confirm that the developed method increases the robustness of the system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,False-detection,Gesture control,Kinect,Person Following-Robot (PFR)
Formal verification for embedded software with cognitive environment modelling	2014	Proceedings of 2014 IEEE 13th International Conference on Cognitive Informatics and Cognitive Computing, ICCI*CC 2014	2014 IEEE.The synthetic system composite of cyber system and physical environment is hard to be modelled. It results that the formal verification for the interacted embedded software is very complicated. Integrated three kinds of timed automata, a systematic modelling approach is proposed in this paper for the embedded system with physical environment and artificial intermediary. All cyber-physical system components including embedded program, environment and their interface are formalized into timed automata. The behavior of real-time system is modeled as formal notation effectively. Based on visual modelling and auto verification tool the system simulation and specification verification have been achieved. A case study of path traversing for automated guided vehicle is given to illustrate our approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Software,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems,Cognitive Neuroscience	embedded software,environment modelling,formal verification
Integration and optimization of quay cranes and trucks at container terminals	2014	CICTP 2014: Safe, Smart, and Sustainable Multimodal Transportation Systems - Proceedings of the 14th COTA International Conference of Transportation Professionals	With the rapid growth of world trade, new requirements for throughput efficiency of modern container ports are put forward. The potential internal innovation is urgently needed to break through the bottleneck of the traditional logistics system and improve the comprehensive efficiency of container ports. The existing optimization method on the transport of the container terminal is limited. In this paper, the quantitative integrated optimization of the quay cranes and the trucks is made and the research scope is expanded in order to improve the efficiency of the research results. Considering the utilization of facilities, a model is built based on the queuing network theory and a mathematical algorithm is used to solve the model. Experiments are performed to demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of this study. Through a series of numerical examples, the results show that the genetic algorithm obtains the optimal resource ratio. The method proposed in this study can provide support for the decision-making on Container Terminals.  2014 American Society of Civil Engineers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Transportation	None
LQR based trajectory tracking control for forked AGV	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	This paper concerns trajectory tracking control of AGV. The model of forked AGV was simplified from a three-wheeled vehicle model to a "bicycle" model. The dynamic model of vehicle lateral motion was built depending on Newtown's second law and the analysis of lateral tire forces. The optimal control linear quadratic regulator was applied to achieve trajectory tracking control. Use the MATLAB and CarSim to simulate. The satisfied results proved that the control algorithm was effective and could make the system stable.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Linear quadratic regulator (LQR),Optimal control,Trajectory tracking
Multiobjective evolutionary algorithm for manufacturing scheduling problems: State-of-the-art survey	2014	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Scheduling is an important tool for a manufacturing system, where it can have a major impact on the productivity of a production process. In order to find an optimal solution to scheduling problems it gives rise to complex combinatorial optimization problems. Unfortunately, most of them fall into the class of NP-hard combinatorial problems. In this paper, we focus on the design of multiobjective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs) to solve a variety of scheduling problems. Firstly, we introduce fitness assignment mechanism and performance measures for solving multiple objective optimization problems, and introduce evolutionary representations and hybrid evolutionary operations especially for the scheduling problems. Then we apply these EAs to the different types of scheduling problems, included job shop scheduling problem (JSP), flexible JSP, Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) dispatching in flexible manufacturing system (FMS), and integrated process planning and scheduling (IPPS). Through a variety of numerical experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of these Hybrid EAs (HEAs) in the widely applications of manufacturing scheduling problems. This paper also summarizes a classification of scheduling problems, and illustrates the design way of EAs for the different types of scheduling problems. It is useful to guide how to design an effective EA for the practical manufacturing scheduling problems. As known, these practical scheduling problems are very complex, and almost is a combination of different typical scheduling problems.  2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	119	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Advanced planning and scheduling (APS),Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Flexible JSP (FJSP),Hybrid evolutionary algorithm (HEA),Job shop scheduling (JSP),Manufacturing scheduling,Multiobjective evolutionary algorithm (MOEA)
Layout of flexible manufacturing systems based on kinematic constraints of the autonomous material handling system	2014	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2014, Springer-Verlag London.This paper presents a research that investigates solutions and algorithms for determining the optimum machine layout served by autonomous material handling system, like mobile robot or automated guided vehicle. Unlike previous works which solved the layout problem by optimizing the distance between facilities, in this paper the machine layout is addressed based on optimizing the travel time of the material handling system. The proposed approach can include boundary kinematic constraints of vehicle while optimizing the objective function such as velocity, acceleration, orientation, and trajectory curvature. The nonlinear constrained model is transformed to unconstrained problem using penalty method. Then, a simulated annealing-based algorithm is used to search for the optimum locations of machines among all possible feasible layouts. The simulation results showed that the proposed approach was efficient enough to use in real factories due to including a vehicle path planner integrated in an overall layout design scheme that involves searching of vehicle control parameters.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Palestine	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS),Machine layout,Path planning,Simulated annealing algorithm (SA)
Path tracking of Automated Guided Vehicle	2014	2014 7th International Conference on Contemporary Computing, IC3 2014	2014 IEEE.In this paper, a systematic method for kinematics and dynamic tricycle modelling of AGV is presented to track the desired trajectory. The localization of AGV is done by a laser sensor NAV200 which is used to detect the AGV position in dour environment in real time. The AGV consists of 2 passive wheels at rear and 1 driving wheel at front. The navigation system for tricycle AGV is based on front wheel, i.e., the movement of AGV is controlled by front wheel. In order to move the AGV, kinematic model used here is a constant velocity model for linear motion and pure pursuit algorithm is used so that AGV follows the desired trajectory. The experimental result shows that AGV successfully tracks the predefined path in real environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Software	AGV,NAV200,pure pursuit,trajectory tracking
Integral sliding mode control of two-wheeled welding mobile robot for tracking desired welding path	2014	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	This paper proposes a new nonlinear controller that makes the combination of a kinematic controller (KC) and an integral sliding mode controller (ISMC) for a welding mobile robot (WMR) to track a desired welding path with a constant velocity. First, the kinematic controller is designed to make the position error vector go to zero asymptotically. Second, the integral sliding mode controller is designed to make velocity error vector also go to zero asymptotically. The stability of system is proved based on the Lyapunov stability theory. The simulation results are shown to illustrate effectiveness of the proposed nonlinear controller.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Integral sliding mode controller,Kinematic controller,Welding mobile robot
Application of TRIZ to improve the material handling and productivity in a screw-packaging factory	2014	Journal of Testing and Evaluation	Copyright  2014 by ASTM International.Although the screw is small, it is really basic and necessary in our lives. It is an integral part of almost all the industrial products. This study uses a systematic and innovative approach, TRIZ (Teoriya Resheniya Izobreatatelskikh Zadatch), to solve the layout problems of an existing screw-packaging factory. The work has modified the layout of the factory and applied a closed-loop-type rail-guided vehicle system (RGVS) with a forklift device. The automatic material handling system has replaced some forklift trucks. The advantage of this modification is an increase in production output from 48 ton/day to 96 ton/day, reducing the number of forklift trucks from six sets to three sets and increasing the throughput of material handling from 80 pallet/h to 160 pallet/h. In addition, the results also improve the industrial safety and make the environment more eco-friendly.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Forklift trucks,Layout,RGV,Screw-packaging factory,TRIZ
Use of ultrasonic sensors to enable wheeled mobile robots to avoid obstacles	2014	Proceedings - 2014 10th International Conference on Intelligent Information Hiding and Multimedia Signal Processing, IIH-MSP 2014	2014 IEEE.In this work, ultrasonic sensors are adopted to implement a real-time obstacle avoidance system for wheeled robots, so that the robot can continually detect surroundings, avoid obstacles, and move toward the target area. Secondly, six ultrasound sensors installed on the wheeled robot were utilized to detect large obstacles and to obtain distance information between the robot and the obstacle. The PD controller was used in the wall-following method to achieve the optimized path design. Experimental results verified that ultrasonic sensors of the obstacle avoidance system on the wheeled robot, with ATMega162 embedded microcontroller as the core of the system, can indeed help avoid obstacles and reach the established target area.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	7	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence,Signal Processing	Obstacle avoidance strategy,Ultrasonic sensor,Wall-following algorithm,Wheeled mobile robot
An optimization model for the design of rack storage systems	2014	IIE Annual Conference and Expo 2014	The paper deals with the design of rack storage systems in multiple product situations. Given the production/delivery patterns of the different products and shared storage policies, the aim is to identify the amount of storage area that should be devoted to single deep selective racks and the amount for non-selective racks. The non-selective rack storage systems under analysis are accessed in a LIFO (last-in first-out) manner (e.g., "drive-in" racks). In particular, the racks under analysis consist of lane levels of different heights. This makes the problem challenging when also the unit loads may have different heights (e.g., because of product load restrictions). In such a situation, small unit loads can be put in high lanes, not vice versa. Moreover, the volumetric utilization and the storage efficiency of the warehouse become key performance indicators, so that the optimal mix of racks of different heights should be investigated. Thus, the paper presents a mathematical programming model able to address the considerations outlined above, along with floor space constraints. The objective is identify the number of single deep selective racks, the mix and number of non-selective racks and the lane depths so that the volumetric storage efficiency is maximized.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	Multiple product,Optimal lane depth,Optimization model,Rack storage systems,Volumetric storage efficiency
A new method to follow a path on indoor environments applied for mobile robotics	2014	IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA	A new method to follow a path conformed by straight lines, rotation angles and landmarks is presented. This method implements odometry and computer vision in order to achieve desired position. The method can be applied for indoors such as industries, laboratories, hospitals and other closed places. The approach is divided in two stages: data acquisition and autonomous navigation. At first stage, user guides mobile robot through desired trajectory in order to acquire angles, landmarks and distances. Also, an algorithm to acquire landmarks is established. The algorithm implements image descriptors and it is based on Harris corner [1] and Shi-Tomasi [2] algorithms. In second stage, mobile robot replicates path applying odometry for straight lines and SURF algorithm for image feature detector [3]. Two movements are required with the purpose to perform specific task: go forward and rotation so two controllers are designed. Finally, experiments and results are exposed.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicles,autonomous mobile robot,landmark acquisition,landmark detection,landmark-based navigation,linear velocity control,path following,Robotics,rotation control,trajectory tracking
Relative position algorithm for optimal camera placement of large scale volume localization system	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Large Scale Volume Localization System (LSVLS) with camera network has appropriate precise and cost, which is a promising system in metrology and localization in industry and lives. Optimal camera placement is significant to lower cost and facilitate target's auto-control for mobile robot in the large workspace. The author proposed a relative position algorithm (RPA) to find optimal camera placement of dozens even hundreds cameras. RPA calculated the minimum cameras and the coordinate and posture of each camera, after figured out the best posture of the camera in camera placement area. The result of optimal camera placement can enhance greatly the efficiency of camera placement in LSVLS and is verified with a model of a mobile robot works in a laboratory.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Camera network,Large scale volume localization system,Relative position algorithm
Architecture model of FMS based on multi-agent technology	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	The concept of flexible manufacturing system (FMS) has been purposed to improve flexibility and efficiency of manufacture system. Characteristics and operating mechanism of FMS is analyzed in this paper. Fuzziness and distributive of the Multi-agent system can meet the requirements of building FMS platform. On the basis of the theory mentioned above, this paper proposed an architecture model of FMS based on multi-agent technology. At last, the communication between the agents in the system was researched and designed. The introduction of multi-agent technology not only provides a feasible method of building FMS platform system, but also helps to lucubrate the architecture of FMS.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Architecture model,Communication in MAS,FMS,Multi-agent technology
Advances in 3D data acquisition, mapping and localization in modern large-scale warehouses	2014	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE 10th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2014	2014 IEEE.Today modern manufacturing and logistic processes rely in most instances on manual forklifts. Being known for low efficiency, high energy consumption and listed among the most frequent causes of severe accidents in factories, the SICK AG coordinated EU funded research project PAN Robots aims to replace them in large scale with Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). One major obstacle for operators with current AGVs are high installation cost for localization-supporting infrastructure, e.g. reflectors and manual measurement which needs to be performed by highly trained professionals in order to create an accurate navigation map for AGVs. Consequently, the goal of PAN-Robots is to reduce the installation time and costs dramatically by semi-automated plant exploration and localization based on natural landmarks. In this paper, we present our current mapping and localization results based on measurement data acquired at the site of our project partner Coca Cola Iberian Partners in Madrid, Spain.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	11	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	None
Control fusion for safe multi-robot coordination	2014	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Future smart manufacturing systems will include more complex coordination of mobile manipulators (i.e., robot arms mounted on mobile bases). The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) conducts research on the safety and performance of multiple collaborating robots using a mobile platform, an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) with an onboard manipulator. Safety standards for robots and industrial vehicles each mandate their failsafe control, but there is little overlap between the standards that can be relied on when the two systems are combined and their independent controllers make collaborative decisions for safe movement. This paper briefly discusses previously uncovered gaps between AGV and manipulator standards and details decision sharing for when manipulators and AGVs are combined into a collaborative, mobile manipulator system. Tests using the NIST mobile manipulator with various control methods were performed and are described along with test results and plans for further, more complex tests of implicit and explicit coordination control of the mobile manipulator.  2014 SPIE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Control,Coordination,Mobile manipulator,Safety,Safety standards,Test methods
Study on shuttle scheduling problem in automated container terminal	2014	Open Automation and Control Systems Journal	Shen et al.; Licensee Bentham Open.Owing to the shuttle in Mixed Operation Mode of Shuttle-based automated container terminal handles loading, unloading, congregation and delivery operations.simultaneously, conventional scheduling method cannot be applied. Accordingly, this paper proposed a mathematical scheduling model. The objective is to minimize shuttle operation time and deal with loading and unloading with priority while avoiding unbearable waiting time for congregation and delivery tasks. Due to the complexity of this model, a Genetic Algorithm (GA) is designed for effective solutions. Numerical experiment is conducted to examine the key factors of the problem and the performance of the proposed GA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Mixed operation mode,Shuttle scheduling
Develop a yard truck schedule using integrated information of inbound and outbound containers at a transshipment port	2014	Proceedings - 2nd International Conference on Enterprise Systems, ES 2014	2014 IEEE.The yard truck scheduling and inbound container allocation are two significant which affect the operational efficiency in a container terminal. This paper proposes a novel model combining the two problems into a whole. Our aim is to minimize the sum of delaying times and numbers of all requests. The model is formulated as an integer programming, and hierarchical sequence method is adopted to solve the model. Computational experiments are conducted to exam the effectiveness of the model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems and Management,Information Systems	Container terminals operations,inbound container allocation,Integer programming,Yard truck scheduling
A dynamic simulation approach for flexible manufacturing system design	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.Achieving the greatest flexibility is the key objective for a manufacturing enterprise to design and install a Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). Unfortunately, before the contents of “flexibility” is explicitly defined and commonly accepted within the company, the design effectiveness of an FMS will never be formally justified; not to mention evaluating its production performance once the FMS is implemented. The objective of this paper is twofold: first it presents a practical and quantitative measure of performance for an FMS by introducing the Machine Flexibility (MF) and the subsequent System Flexibility (SF). The second objective of this paper is then to develop a generic architecture for optimally designing an FMS which considers not just manufacturing and economic constraints but also dynamic perturbations from the shop floor. Machine flexibility comprises two parts: 1) the descriptive segment provides the operation type information and 2) the quantitative segment uses a weighted relative scaling (WRS) method to evaluate the flexibility based on machine power generation, operation cycle time, machine design mechanics, working volume, machining precision, and controller performance. System flexibility contains five attributes for an FMS: power generation, system design mechanics, working volume, system precision, and dynamic performance. The adaptive architecture for designing an FMS is composed of three modules: the design preprocessor, the reference system generator, and the alternative systems generator.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Engineering (all)	Flexible manufacturing system design,Production management,Simulation
Yard truck configurations for efficient operation of container terminals in Hong Kong	2014	Proceedings - 2014 International Conference on Information Science, Electronics and Electrical Engineering, ISEEE 2014	2014 IEEE.There is significant fluctuation of container terminal throughput, hence it is inefficient to keep a full complement of yard trucks for meeting the transportation requirements. Large numbers of yard trucks not only increase the cost, but can also lead to congestion in both the yard and quay sides. Container terminals in Hong Kong choose to outsource extra yard trucks when the transportation requirements are increasing, so that the terminals do not need to purchase additional yard trucks. However, such a yard truck employment strategy presents a new practical problem that terminals need to solve. This paper studies the influence of yard truck configurations on the truck employment strategy combined with the yard truck scheduling and the storage allocation problem. This problem is solved by a proposed two-level heuristic approach. The computational experimental results show the effect of different yard truck configurations on terminal operation efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	container terminal,genetic algorithm,storage allocation,yard truck
Vibration source and shock absorption scheme research of near-field vibration caused by flood discharge and energy dissipation of a stilling pool	2014	Geotechnical Special Publication	Near-field vibration was caused by flood discharge and energy dissipation during flood impounding into a stilling pool of the hydropower project, which caused tangible vibration of nearby county buildings such as slight shaking of rolling shutter doors, droplights, water in glass, etc. In order to analyze the main vibration source of near-field vibration, in-situ vibration monitoring data is back-analyzed using FEM. After the calculated values are acceptable compared to measured values, the vibration source is determined by assuming that main vibration source is partition walls between the surface hole and middle hole, the stilling pool slab or stilling pool sidewalls respectively. Results show that near-field vibration is mainly caused by the stilling pool slab and stilling pool sidewalls. Although partition walls are subjected to bigger fluctuating pressure, the contribution of partition walls to near-field vibration is the smallest. Meanwhile, in order to research the vibration absorbing scheme, the vibration acceleration under different gate opening patterns in model test is calculated by the dynamic FEM. Comparison of results show that when the flow rate of a single pool is lower than 12,000 cubic meters per second, the near-field vibration can be remarkably reduced by optimizing gate opening patterns. However, if the flow rate of single pool is higher than 12,000 cubic meters per second, the change of opening patterns has little influence on the near-field vibration, and the near-field vibration increases slowly with the increase of the flow rate.  2014 American Society of Civil Engineers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Civil and Structural Engineering,Architecture,Building and Construction,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology	None
Development of a robotic arm for dangerous object disposal	2014	2014 6th International Conference on Computer Science and Information Technology, CSIT 2014 - Proceedings	The Boko Haram insurgency in Nigeria has become a menace and threat to the security of lives and property most especially in the Northern part of the country. The use of Bombs and dangerous unsuspected objects is the weapon employed to carry out this deadly act. The number of lives lost as well as personnel who sustain injuries while discharging their duties is now on the increase as a result of lack of initial assessment of a dreadful scene or an object suspected to be harmful. Though preventive and counter attacking measures, such as use of protective vest have been employed to reduce the risk experienced; these however do not guarantee safety which can run into huge cost to restore in terms of infrastructures and properties. Hence this paper proposes the development of a robotic arm for dangerous object disposal. A three-degree of freedom robotic arm was developed using a microcontroller programmed with (MPLAB) integrated development environment software, interfaced to a camera that transmits the video by way of monitoring the scene on a television set. The system is activated by a remote control thereby providing a line of defense to human lives and preventing loss of proven and tested personnel.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Nigeria	9	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Information Systems	Camera,Mechatronic,Microcontroller,Remote Control,Robotic Arm,Video Transmitter
Development of an operating system for optimization of the container terminal by using the tandem-lift quay crane	2014	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Since the beginning of containerizing the cargo in the mid-20th century, the trade volume between the countries is steadily rising. Ports with efficient facilities today are competing for mega ships. Advanced ports actively invest in the quay crane in order to maximize the efficiency of the port operating system. And the spreader of tandem-lift type, having good performance, has been operating in some large ports, or during a test. In this paper, we simulate conditions of Busan New Port Container Terminal using the tandem-lift quay crane. Thus, we optimize an operating system by analyzing the efficient ways of port operations.  2014 Springer-Verlag.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Alternative vehicle,Queue model,Simulation,Tandem-lift quay crane
Heuristic algorithm for solving multi-crane scheduling in steel coil warehouse	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	We consider a multi-crane scheduling problem commonly encountered in real warehouse operations in steel enterprises. Given some demanded coils, if a demanded coil is in upper level or in lower level without being blocked, it can be picked up directly to designated place; else, the blocking coils need to be picked up to another position first. Unlike previous literatures in which both operations have been considered to be scheduled separately, our problem schedules transportation operation and shuffling operation coordinately. The objective is to minimize the last demanded coil transported to its designated place which is consistent with the earliest possible completion time of one crane. We propose a heuristic algorithm for solving this demonstrated strongly NP-hard.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Complexity analysis,Coordinated transportation and shuffling operations,Heuristics,Multi-crane scheduling,Warehouse,Worst case
Design of cruise control system for electric vehicle using piece-wised control	2014	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.In this paper, a design scheme of a speed controller for an electric vehicle’s cruise driving using a piece-wised control is proposed. Cruise driving of electric vehicle is one of the major performance functions. For the cruise driving, while ideal driving motors have linear characteristics of voltage to speed, practical motors have nonlinear characteristics of voltage to speed. The performance of nonlinearity can be improved through the closed-loop control to compensate it. In this paper, we have improved the performance by applying piece-wised control because the drive motor that has highly nonlinear characteristics is difficult to obtain adequate performance only using closedloop control. In order to test the proposed method, the experiments were carried out by applying the proposed method after building the electric vehicle equipped with the drive motors that has highly nonlinear characteristics. The experiment results using the proposed piece-wised control show superior performance than that using closed-loop control.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Cruise control,Electric vehicle,Piece-wised control
Properties of hydraulic floating caliper brake for AGV car	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	(2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.Existing AGV car’s brakes are electromagnet brakes. Brake overheating causes brake damaged during work time.In this paper, the hydraulic pressure floating caliper brake is applied to the AGV car. It with electromagnetic brake AGV car for braking performance comparison test, through comparative analysis know that hydraulic floating caliper brakes can not only meet the AGV car’s braking requirements and the system dynamic performance has improved greatly.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	AGV car,Braking performance,Electromagnetic brake,Hydraulic floating caliper brakes
Path tracking control of Micro-Tracked mobile robot	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	2014, Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.The positioning accuracy of tracked mobile robot is low because of sliding in steering process. Taking the micro-tracked mobile robot as the platform, the interface force between tracks and ground was analyzed, and the motor model, kinematic model and dynamic model were established further. A tracking error controller was built based on the tracking error equations, and the co-simulation of mechanical and control system was applied to predict the robot’s trajectory. That controller was applied on a small tracked mobile robot designed by the authors’ laboratory, and the path tracking experiments with and without obstacles had been done. The results show that the robot can accurately track the given path, whether there are obstacles or not.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	Dynamic model,Micro-Tracked Mobile Robot,Path tracking
Using Genetic Algorithms to solve scheduling problems on flexible manufacturing systems (FMS): A literature survey, classification and analysis	2014	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	This paper reviews the literature regarding Genetic Algorithms (GAs) applied to flexible manufacturing system (FMS) scheduling. On the basis of this literature review, a classification system is proposed that encompasses 6 main dimensions: FMS type, types of resource constraints, job description, scheduling problem, measure of performance and solution approach. The literature review found 40 papers, which were classified according to these criteria. The literature was analyzed using the proposed classification system, which provides the following results regarding the application of GAs to FMS scheduling: (1) combinations of GAs and other methods were relatively important in the reviewed papers; (2) although most studies deal with complex environments concerning both the routing flexibility and the job complexity, only a minority of papers simultaneously consider the variety of possible capacity constraints on an FMS environment, including pallets and automated guided vehicles; (3) local search is rarely used; (4) makespan is the most widely used measure of performance.  2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	34	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS),Genetic Algorithms,Literature review,Scheduling
An effective vector-driven biologically-motivated neural network algorithm to real-time autonomous robot navigation	2014	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2014 IEEE.A novel biologically-motivated neural networks approach associated with developed vector-driven autonomous robot navigation is proposed in this paper. The biologically-motivated neural networks (BNN) algorithm is employed to guide an autonomous robot to reach goal with obstacle avoidance motivated by Grossberg's model for a biological neural system. As the robot plans its trajectory toward the goal, unreasonable path will be inevitably planned. A vector-based guidance paradigm is developed for guidance of the robot locally so as to plan more reasonable trajectories. In addition, square cell map representations are proposed for realtime autonomous robot navigation. The BNN based scheme demonstrates that the algorithms avoid the issue of local minima in path planning. In this paper, both simulation and comparison studies of an autonomous robot navigation demonstrate that the proposed model is capable of planning more reasonable and shorter collision-free paths in non-stationary and unstructured environments compared with other approaches.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A SiC MOSFET based inverter for wireless power transfer applications	2014	Conference Proceedings - IEEE Applied Power Electronics Conference and Exposition - APEC	In a wireless power transfer (WPT) system, efficiency of the power conversion stages is crucial so that the WPT technology can compete with the conventional conductive charging systems. Since there are 5 or 6 power conversion stages, each stage needs to be as efficient as possible. SiC inverters are crucial in this case; they can handle high frequency operation and they can operate at relatively higher temperatures resulting in reduces cost and size for the cooling components. This study presents the detailed power module design, development, and fabrication of a SiC inverter. The proposed inverter has been tested at three center frequencies that are considered for the WPT standardization. Performance of the inverter at the same target power transfer level is analyzed along with the other system components. In addition, another SiC inverter has been built in authors' laboratory by using the ORNL designed and developed SiC modules. It is shown that the inverter with ORNL packaged SiC modules performs better than the inverter having commercially available SiC modules.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	20	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A more realistic approach for airport ground movement optimisation with stand holding	2014	Journal of Scheduling	2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.In addition to having to handle constantly increasing numbers of aircraft, modern airports also have to address a wide range of environmental regulations and requirements. As airports work closer and closer to their maximal possible capacity, the operations problems that need to be solved become more and more complex. This increasing level of complexity leads to a situation where the introduction of advanced decision support systems becomes more and more attractive. Such systems have the potential to improve efficient airside operations and to mitigate against the environmental impact of those operations. This paper addresses the problem of moving aircraft from one location within an airport to another as efficiently as possible in terms of time and fuel spent. The problem is often called the ground movement problem and the movements are usually from gate/stands to a runway or vice-versa. We introduce a new sequential graph based algorithm to address this problem. This approach has several advantages over previous approaches. It increases the realism of the modelling and it draws upon a recent methodology to more accurately estimate taxi times. The algorithm aims to absorb as much waiting time for delay as possible at the stand (with engines off) rather than out on the taxiways (with engines running). The impact of successfully achieving this aim is to reduce the environmental pollution. This approach has been tested using data from a European hub airport and it has demonstrated very promising results. We compare the performance of the algorithm against a lower bound on the taxi time and the limits to the amount of waiting time that can be absorbed at stand.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	44	Software,Engineering (all),Management Science and Operations Research,Artificial Intelligence	Airport operations,Decision support system,Ground movement optimisation,Real world scheduling,Routing
The deadlock free path generation algorithm for multi-MoMo in R+iSpace	2014	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	Intelligent environments are the extensive environmental systems that provide information and services to user via robots, displays and speaker. Interaction is realized by networks of sensors installed in the wall and ceilings of buildings. The intelligent environment R+iSpace rearranges devices in physical space, achieving consistent high performance of the environmental system. In the R+iSpace system, devices are mounted on mobile modules (MoMos), which are spatially arranged to suit a required situation. The MoMo path generation algorithm, which was proposed in previous works, did not consider the deadlock situation. Here, we propose a reactive path generation algorithm, in which MoMos sequentially generate their paths based on the positions of other MoMos. The new algorithm is implemented in six layers. Each layer determines the cost of moving to adjacent nodes based on specified criteria, and the next node device node is decided by integrating the results of all layers. The performance of new algorithm is validated in computer simulations.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
An advanced adaptive backstepping control method for STATCOM	2014	26th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2014	An innovative approach to high robustness and anti-interference performance for static synchronous compensator (STATCOM) control systems is proposed to address the problems including parameter uncertainties and external disturbances which often deteriorate system performance significantly. Improvement is made in three aspects. Firstly, the adaptive backstepping control has been adopted to design the state-feedback control law and improve the transient stability of the STATCOM recursively. Secondly, In order to reduce high degree of coupling between the states and the estimation error, the adaptive law and the state-feedback control law are designed separately by using the immersion and invariance adaptive (I&I adaptive) control. Thirdly, the dissipation inequality is constructed between energy storage function and an energy supply function in each step. This can get a certificate theoretically that the energy is dissipated and the robustness of the control system. Moreover, the compared simulations show that more rapid speed response and stronger robustness can be obtained by the proposed approach than other advanced algorithms under the same conditions.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	adaptive backstepping,dissipation inequality,I&I adaptive,Static Synchronous Compensator (STATCOM)
Self-organizing robot formations using velocity potential fields commands for material transfer	2014	Production and Manufacturing Research	2014 The Author(s). Published by Taylor & Francis.Mobile robot formations differ in accordance with the mission, environment, and robot abilities. In the case of decentralized control, the ability to achieve the shapes of these formations needs to be built in the controllers of each autonomous robot. In this paper, self-organizing formations control for material transfer is investigated, as an alternative to automatic guided vehicles. Leader–follower approach is applied for controllers design to drive the robots toward the goal. The results confirm the ability of velocity potential approach for motion control of both self-organizing formations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	decentralized control,leader–follower approach,mobile robots,self-organizing formations,velocity potential
Research on intelligent test paper based on hierarchical and self-adapting genetic algorithm	2014	Information Technology Journal	2014 Asian Network for Scientific InformationThe generating test study is a research in constrained multi-object optimization. It is one of the key technologies in examination management systems. It relates directly to the efficiency and quality of the generating test paper. The test paper generation method suggested in this paper is based on hierarchical adaptive genetic algorithm. It is able to solve the problem of premature convergence or slow convergence in global optimization. On the one hand, the M subpopulations operate on adaptive genetic algorithm and save the intermediate result; then they operate with the top adaptive genetic algorithm until a satisfied paper is found. On the other hand, the minimum weighted mean square error model is used to establish the objective function and to inspect the error between the expectations and the actual value on types, knowledge topics, difficulty and the degree of differentiation of the test paper. It discusses also the error of the answer time, total score and luminosity. It improved the speed of generating test paper of the system. It avoided the problem of premature convergence which often appears in standard genetic algorithm. The high quality of paper generation and the good robustness generated in this algorithm can meet the practical needs of users.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Genetic algorithm,Hierarchy,Intelligent test paper,Self-adapting
Logistics Process Modelling in Supply Chain – Algorithm Of Coordination in the Supply Chain – Contracting	2014	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.Structures of a supply chain nature are "multi-actor" systems. They grapple with the lack of synchronized tasks, the lack of internal rational and often cohesion as well as uncertainty. Modern supply chains are often a series of enterprises and actions that are weakly connected with each other. Enterprises are also more involved in the internal integration than the external cooperation within the framework of the supply chain. For this reason, designing the logistics processes in these types of structures seems to be an unusually difficult task. The aim of the article is to discuss the selected process modelling methods in the supply chain on the example of one of the coordination mechanisms, i.e. contracting.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Coordination,Modelling,Process description languages,Supply chain
Control of safety critical heavy industrial applications	2014	16th International Power Electronics and Motion Control Conference and Exposition, PEMC 2014	2014 IEEE.The paper summarizes the most important advances of the used crane control technology in perspective of semi-automatic/automatic operation of Electrical Overhead Travelling (EOT) cranes. Those cranes are often used in the heavy industrial environment, typically steel-mill applications and crane container handling. Most of them need sensor and/or sensorless technology in order to realize specific tasks with very strict safety categorized regulations for most electro-mechanical motions. Operation in harsh environment has significant impact during the crane's manipulation phase of crane control devices. Faster and more productive cranes demand a highly efficient Real-Time Controller (RTC), as well as overriding system, to control actuators in the closed loop. Monitoring and production statistic as functional subset of the Real Time (RT) controller is not presented in details in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	Automatic operation,Crane Control Network,Crane-control,EOT cranes,Real time system,Real-time controller,Semi-automatic operation,Sensorless approach,Senzor,Steel-mill,Unmanned Crane's control systems
Material handling equipment selection using multi-attribute utility theory and Monte Carlo simulation	2014	IIE Annual Conference and Expo 2014	The material handling equipment selection process can be classified as a multi-criteria decision making problem because it involves multiple feasible alternatives and conflicting objectives. This paper utilizes multi-attribute utility theory and Monte Carlo simulation to select the most efficient Material Handling Equipment (MHE) for a manufacturing facility. The three main criteria, developed based on a material handling equation that involves a set of questions, are the material to be moved, the attributes of the move, and the means utilized for the move. By decomposing the three main criteria, a hierarchy of the sub-criteria is developed. The multi-attribute utility theory is used to model the decision maker's preferred judgments with consideration to the risk attitude. The utilities for individual attributes are determined and then aggregated using multiplicative utility functions. Monte Carlo simulation is used to capture the uncertainty associated with a single point estimate of the decision maker's preferred judgment, since it is treated as a random variable with a triangular distribution. The proposed approach is implemented in a small pharmaceutical company to select the MHE for the finished product inventory.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	Material handling equipment,Multi-attribute utility theory,Multi-criteria decision making
Bidirectional switch commutation for high frequency UPF matrix converter supplying Inductive Power Transfer system	2014	PEDSTC 2014 - 5th Annual International Power Electronics, Drive Systems and Technologies Conference	There are abundant application for contactless power transfer in mechanical engineering, production technology, transportation and medical engineering; conventional systems are associated with the losses caused by high frequency multiple energy conversion and primary inverter. Therefore novel power electronic topologies for direct energy conversion are crucial for this application. The use of matrix converters for contactless energy transmission reduces the number of energy conversion steps, avoid voluminous and expensive electrolytic DC link capacitors and enable four quadrant operations. This paper proposes application of three phase to single phase matrix converter with sinusoidal input line current supplying a series resonant Inductive Power Transfer (IPT) device. Minimization of commutation steps regardless of the load current direction is one of the main merits of proposed topology.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	6	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Bidirectional switch commutation,Inductive power transfer(IPT),Matrix converter,Phase locked loop(PLL),THD(Total Harmonic Distortion),Unity power factor(UPF)
Designing type-2 fuzzy controllers using Lyapunov approach for trajectory tracking	2014	Studies in Fuzziness and Soft Computing	The paper presents the design of type-2 fuzzy controllers using the fuzzy Lyapunov synthesis approach in order to systematically generate the rule base. To construct the rule base, the error signal and the derivative of the error signal are considered. It also presents the performance analysis to determine the value of the separation interval ξ between the upper and lower membership functions of the type-2 fuzzy set used. The controllers are implemented via simulation to solve trajectory tracking problem for angular position and angular velocity of a servo trainer equipment. Simulation results are successful for both cases and shown better performance than those of classical controllers.  2014 Springer International Publishing Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Computational Mathematics	None
A concurrent approach for facility layout and AMHS design in semiconductor manufacturing	2014	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING.This paper presents a concurrent approach to solve the design problem of facility layout and automated material handling system (AMHS) for semiconductor fabs. The layout is composed of bays which are unequal-area blocks with equal height but flexible width. In particular, the bay width and locations of a shortcut, bays, and their stockers, which are major fab design considerations, are concurrently determined in this problem. We developed a mixed integer programming (MIP) model for this problem to minimize the total travel distance (TTD) based on unidirectional interbay flow and a bidirectional shortcut. To solve large-sized problems, we developed a five-step heuristic algorithm to exploit and explore the solution space based on the MIP model. The computational results show that the proposed algorithm is able to find optimal solutions of small-sized problems and to solve large-sized problems within acceptable time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	9	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS design,Bay layout,Concurrent approach,Facility layout,Semiconductor manufacturing
Autonomous stair identification, climbing, and descending for tracked robots	2014	2014 13th International Conference on Control Automation Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper presented a controller for autonomous stair identification, climbing, descending for a tracked robot. The controller relies on stair features extracted from the perception system and a smooth feedback steering control based on fuzzy logic. Experimental results indicate that the proposed method offers robust performance without the need for an accurate attitude estimator nor a detailed model of the robot's physical and dynamics properties. Experimental results have verified that the controller is sufficient for stair climbing and descending task in urban environments. Hence, the potential to be easily implemented on any tracked vehicles that are capable to be manually driven in a stair.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	3	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Flight path planning using GA and fuzzy logic considering communication constraints	2014	2014 7th International Symposium on Telecommunications, IST 2014	2014 IEEE.In this paper, we address an offline path planning algorithm for an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). The planned path meets some objectives such as minimum distance, collision free and maximum power of communication system, while there are some no-fly zones in the area. The optimality in the communication system is the main priority, because all the control commands and information are transmitted through this link. The final path is obtained considering criteria for communications constraints and the planning process guaranties a better connectivity of the communication between UAV and transmitters. The information of radio signal propagation (RSP) of different transmitters is computed by SPLAT software with respect to each terrain. Genetic algorithm is employed to plana path on latitude and longitude plane. This algorithm is tested in a real environment three-dimensional terrain in different strategy of forbidden regions and target area. The proposed algorithm is implemented in MATLAB and the satisfactory simulation results are illustrated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	4	Computer Networks and Communications	Communication Constraints,Flight Path Planning,Fuzzy Logic,Genetic Algorithm,Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
Path assignment and resource allocation control in reconfigurable multi-vehicle system	2014	2014 IEEE Conference on Control Applications, CCA 2014	2014 IEEE.In this paper we study control of reconfigurable multi-vehicle system. Our method builds upon an existing deadlock-free resource allocation control method that is based on the identification of higher-level deadlocks. We identify a smaller set of cyclic circular waits to be controlled, and provide an algorithm for determination of such cyclic circular waits. Furthermore, we propose a path assignment algorithm that aims at lowering the structural complexity of the corresponding resource allocation system, while taking into account path length. Methods are tested in a simulation environment and results show their efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Flexible manufacturing system scheduling using hybrid petri nets with dispatching rules	2014	International Journal of Mechanical and Mechatronics Engineering	December 2014 IJENS.Flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) are advanced and highly integrated manufacturing systems consisting of robots, machining cells, and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) that function under the hierarchical control of computers. The relations between its components are very complex. Scheduling in FMS is an intricate phenomenon owing to the large variability in the operating parameters. Scheduling problems for general cases are characterized as NP hard and the computation time required to obtain the optimal schedule will grow exponentially with the problem size. Petri nets (PNs) have recently emerged as a promising approach for measuring and analyzing the performance of FMSs. PNs are formal graphical modeling tool that can be utilized efficiently as a modeling and analysis tool. PN can also dynamically simulate and graphically represent a process in an integrated manner. This paper addresses merging of PNs with dispatching rules for measuring the performance of FMSs. Also the system has been modeled in MAT lab integrated Petri net2.3 software and the traditional dispatching rules were also used for the purpose of comparison and verification of the simulation results. Benchmark case studies are chosen and the results show that the PN integrated with dispatching rules provides enhanced result when compared to other two techniques.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Engineering (all)	Dispatching rules,Flexible manufacturing system,MAT lab petrinet 2.3,Petri net,Scheduling
Fleet size of multi-robot systems for exploration of structured environments	2014	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2014 IEEE.The fleet size of a multi-robot system is an important parameter to be considered for real robotics applications since it will determine the cost and the time of execution of any given task. Unfortunately, it is a topic that has received little attention in the robotics literature. The study of the fleet size will allow for the design and implementation of more effective techniques and coordination methods for multi-robot systems. In this paper we study the effects of the fleet size on the time of exploration of a structured environment. We present an analysis that allows us to specify the maximum fleet size that provides the maximum reduction on the exploration time when the structured environment is modeled as a tree. The analysis is applied to the Multi-Robot Depth First Search (MR-DFS) algorithm that allows for maximum parallelism when an exploration process starts from a single point. The analysis provides an expression for the average time of exploration of a tree and for the maximum number of robots that produces a significant reduction on the exploration time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Torque constraints for hexapod robot slope walking	2014	4th Annual IEEE International Conference on Cyber Technology in Automation, Control and Intelligent Systems, IEEE-CYBER 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper focuses on the problem of the gait planning of a hexapod robot in order to improve its practicability. Gait planning based on the torque constraints and the stability margin constrains is proposed. The gait planning on the ground plane is introduced with combining with the mechanism specification of the hexapod robot, and the torque constraints and the stability margin constrains on the ground plane is proposed with the kinematic analysis and force analysis. Then the key constraints for gait planning on the slope are proposed to deal with a more realistic problem. The algorithm analysis can prove the variation of the key control variable under the two constrains. Simulation results are presented to support the proposed algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications	gait planning,hexapod robot,stability margin constrain,torque constraint,unstructured environment
Integrated dispatching model of automated lifting vehicles, quay cranes and yard cranesat automated container terminal	2014	Applied Mechanics and Materials	Integration of various types of handling equipment is one of the important methods to improve the efficiency of processes and productivity of a container terminal. Using ALVs, because of their ability in lifting a container from the ground by themselves, can reduce the delay of loading and unloading tasks in automatic container terminals.In this paper, a mixed-integer programming model, which considers the integration of ALVs, Quay Cranes and Yard Cranes, is developed. This model minimizes the makespan of the loading and unloading activities in an Automatic Container Terminal with limited buffer spaces.  (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	3	Engineering (all)	ALV,Integrated scheduling,Limited buffer space,Quay crane,Yard crane
Fuzzy control system for autonomous navigation of thymio II mobile robots	2014	Journal of Emerging Technologies in Web Intelligence	This paper treats the autonomous navigation problem of robotic systems in a dynamic and uncertain environment. In particular, we are interested in determining the robot motion to reach the target while ensuring their own safety and that of different agents that surround it. To achieve these goals, we have adopted a fuzzy controller for navigation and avoidance obstacle, taking into account the changing nature of the environment. The approach has been tested and validated on a ThymioII robots set. As application field, we have chosen a parking problem.  2014 Academy Publisher.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	3	Computer Networks and Communications	Fuzzy Logic,Navigation Autonomous,Robotics,ThymioII Robot
A genetic algorithm for optimization of integrated scheduling of cranes, vehicles, and storage platforms at automated container terminals	2014	Journal of Computational and Applied Mathematics	Commonly in container terminals, the containers are stored in yards on top of each other using yard cranes. The split-platform storage/retrieval system (SP-AS/RS) has been invented to store containers more efficiently and to access them more quickly. The integrated scheduling of quay cranes, automated guided vehicles and handling platforms in SP-AS/RS has been formulated and solved using the simulated annealing algorithm in previous literatures. This paper presents a genetic algorithm (GA) to solve this problem more accurately and precisely. The GA includes a new operator to make a random string of tasks observing the precedence relations between the tasks. For evaluating the performance of the GA, 10 small size test cases were solved by using the proposed GA and the results were compared to those from the literature. Results show that the proposed GA is able to find fairly near optimal solutions similar to the existing simulated annealing algorithm. Moreover, it is shown that the proposed GA outperforms the existing algorithm when the number of tasks in the scheduling horizon increases (e.g. 30 to 100).  2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	48	Computational Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	Automated guided vehicles,Genetic algorithm,Integrated scheduling,Quay cranes,Split-platform automated storage/retrieval system
Where are we now? Research trends in the learning sciences	2014	Proceedings of International Conference of the Learning Sciences, ICLS	2014 ISLS.Towards gaining a better understanding of the field of the Learning Sciences, this research investigates the research trends over 10 years. It also compares the Learning Sciences with the closely related academic fields of Educational Technology and Educational Psychology. A content analysis is performed on 5187 journal articles drawing from 12 top journals from 2003 to 2012. This content analysis was semi-automated and guided by an initial theoretical frame. The results reveal that research trends in the Learning Sciences have remained largely consistent except in the area of individual differences and affect, which has increased over the years. Key strengths of Learning Sciences include research on small group learning, inquiry, problem solving, argumentation, and mixed-methods. As the LS reflects on its state of practice, it should recognize that the field has achieved many research distinctives, yet, there are several opportunities for further research growth.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	2	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Education	None
Position and attitude alternate of path tracking heading control	2014	Sensors and Transducers	2014 IFSA Publishing, S. L.The path tracking control algorithm is one of the key problems in the control system design of autonomous vehicle. In this paper, we have conducted dynamic modeling for autonomous vehicle, the relationship between course deviation and yaw rate and centroid deflection angle. From the angle of the dynamics and geometrical, this paper have described the path tracking problem, analyzed the emergence of the eight autonomous vehicles pose binding - position and attitude alternate control methods to identify the relationship between posture and the controlling variables, and design a controller, the experimental results verify the feasibility and effectiveness of this control method	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,Heading control,Path tracking,Pose alternately control
A study of the High-speed vehicle real-time accurate positioning algorithm	2014	26th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2014	Accurate real-time vehicle location technology in the fast-moving condition is one of the core content of the research field of vehicle active safety and automatic driving. The traditional technologies, like vehicular device-based distance sensors, satellite positioning, roadside beacon, the electronic map matching, are difficult to achieve precise positioning of the vehicle at high speed. In this paper, the self-adaptive and self-organizing local wireless mobile networks is built on the basis of V2V/V2R High-speed wireless self-organized communication (WAVE IEEE 802.11p) technology, and the vehicle location in fast-moving is realized on the basis of vehicle-road collaboration with RFID technology. Then the model of real time differential positioning of vehicle is established utilized high-speed self-organizing network, focusing on solving the error compensation of high-speed mobile positioning, and the corresponding algorithm for real-time positioning is designed in this article. The simulation results show that the research idea is feasible.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	High Speed Mobile Network,High-speed Wireless Self-organized Network (HWSN),Real-Time Differential Positioning,Vehicle to Road Communications,Vehicle to Vehicle Communications
A new deadlock prevention policy for multi-cluster tools with dual path	2014	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	2014 IEEE.Multi-cluster tools are widely used for semiconductor silicon wafer production. The multi-cluster tools system consists of two or more cluster tools connected with buffer or process modules. Deadlocks are frequently caused in the multicluster tools by the restriction of transfer modules and limited number of available spaces. In this paper, we propose a novel deadlock prevention policy for multi-cluster tools. A timed Petri net model for multi-cluster tools is developed. A new deadlock prevention policy is proposed. The proposed deadlock prevention policy is applied to dual-armed multi-cluster tool with dual path. The deadlock-freeness is confirmed by deriving empty siphons for the Petri net model. The computational results show that the performance of scheduling with the proposed deadlock prevention policy is better than the conventional deadlock prevention policy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Multimodal cyclic processes scheduling in fractal structure networks environment	2014	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	IFAC.The paper introduces the concept of a fractal-like multimodal transportation network (FMTN) in which several isomorphic subnetworks interact each other via distinguished subsets of common shared workstations as to provide a variety of demand-responsive work-piece transportation/handling services. The set of transportation modes supporting production flows within the FMTN environment is considered. In that context, a fractal-like layout of FMS equipped with AGVS where work-piece flows are treated as multimodal processes can be seen as a real-life example of this model. In opposite to the traditional approach we assume that the given network of local cyclic acting AGV services, i.e. corresponding to distinguished isomorphic subnetworks of FMS layout. The goal is to provide a declarative model enabling to state a constraint satisfaction problem aimed at multimodal transportation processes scheduling encompassing production flows.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	4	Control and Systems Engineering	AGVs fleet scheduling,Cyclic scheduling,Fractal structure,Multimodal processes
Model predictive scheduling for container terminals	2014	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	IFAC.In container terminals ships are loaded and unloaded. In this paper the problem of scheduling quay cranes, stack cranes, and vehicles used for the transport of containers between quay side and stack is discussed. In particular, we propose to model the container transport in a terminal using a switching max-plus linear model description to account for the synchronization between the cranes and the vehicles. The scheduling problem is formulated using this formalism and subsequently recast as a mixed integer linear programming problem. We apply the developed techniques in a number of test cases to illustrate the potential of the approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	4	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Hierarchical traffic control for partially decentralized coordination of multi AGV systems in industrial environments	2014	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2014 IEEE.This paper deals with decentralized coordination of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). We propose a hierarchical traffic control algorithm, that implements path planning on a two layer architecture. The high-level layer describes the topological relationships among different areas of the environment. In the low-level layer, each area includes a set of fixed routes, along which the AGVs have to move. An algorithm is also introduced for the automatic definition of the route map itself. The coordination among the AGVs is obtained exploiting shared resources (i.e. centralized information) and local negotiation (i.e. decentralized coordination). The proposed strategy is validated by means of simulations using real plant.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	38	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A macro-micro controller for pallet picking by an articulated-frame-steering hydraulic mobile machine	2014	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2014 IEEE.This paper addresses the macro-micro configuration of a mobile manipulation problem for a forklift; specifically, it investigates pallet picking with visual feedback. A manipulator with limited degrees of freedom and differential constraint mobility, together with the large dimensions of the machine, requires reliable visual feedback (pallet pose) and navigation from relatively large distances. It has been shown that the problem can be divided into two parts in order to solve the related issues based on path following theories and visual servoing. Moreover, visual pallet detection is non-real-Time and unreliable, especially due to large distances, unfavorable vibrations, and fast steering. To address these issues, we introduce a simple and efficient method that integrates the vision output with odometry and realizes a smooth and nonstop transition from global navigation to visual servoing. Real-world implementation on a small-sized forklift demonstrates the efficacy of the proposed macro-micro architecture.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	12	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Three cameras for robot pose estimation: A triple versus two pairs	2014	Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Robotics Applications, RA 2014	In this paper, we propose a novel layout of cameras atop a moving robot to obtain its ego-motion. In particular, we use three cameras in perpendicular setting. This layout offers a better opportunity e.g. compared to collinear settings for studying the trade-off between the accuracy of features to track and a larger field of view. We show by real experiments and synthetic data alike that using the three cameras as a triple is more advantageous when the fields of view of the cameras are slowly changing. In this case, the triple not only provide more accurate features to track but lead also to a more accurate estimation for their 3D construction. On the contrary, for pure rotations, the fields of view are rapidly changing which offers the advantage to dealing with the three cameras as two stereo pairs with a larger field of view. The extended Kalman filter (EKF) is our real-time estimator of the robot pose.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Human-Computer Interaction	Extended kalman filter,Multiple cameras,Pose estimation,Robot navigation
Modelling interactions in agent based models of transportation terminals	2014	DT 2014 - 10th International Conference on Digital Technologies 2014	The paper deals with the modelling of interactions among mobile entities (e.g. vehicles, handling equipment, pedestrians) in agent-oriented simulation models of transportation terminals. Presented model of transportation terminal is based on the ABAsim simulation architecture, which provides means for efficient creation of flexible, highly maintainable simulation models of complex service systems. Two types of agents are utilised: managing agents organised in static hierarchical structure and dynamic agents that are representing intelligent entities of modelled system. The simplified internal structure of generic simulation model of transportation terminal is presented, focusing on the modelling of various transportation modes found in transportation terminals (e.g. rail, road) and their mutual interactions. Interaction zones are utilised to define distinct areas where two or more transportation modes collide (such as railway crossing or pedestrian crossing). We propose a dedicated managing agent responsible for zones handling and managing of the interactions among mobile entities of the system. According to defined rules, the agent grants/denies zone entry permissions to agents responsible for modelling of specific transportation mode. Presented concept has been developed for the generic transportation terminal simulation tool Villon.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	3	Computer Networks and Communications	None
Routing optimization of intelligent vehicle in automated warehouse	2014	Discrete Dynamics in Nature and Society	Routing optimization is a key technology in the intelligent warehouse logistics. In order to get an optimal route for warehouse intelligent vehicle, routing optimization in complex global dynamic environment is studied. A new evolutionary ant colony algorithm based on RFID and knowledge-refinement is proposed. The new algorithm gets environmental information timely through the RFID technology and updates the environment map at the same time. It adopts elite ant kept, fallback, and pheromones limitation adjustment strategy. The current optimal route in population space is optimized based on experiential knowledge. The experimental results show that the new algorithm has higher convergence speed and can jump out the U-type or V-type obstacle traps easily. It can also find the global optimal route or approximate optimal one with higher probability in the complex dynamic environment. The new algorithm is proved feasible and effective by simulation results.  2014 Yan-cong Zhou et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Modeling and Simulation	None
SSM for lateral guided vehicle with articulated body bending at the center	2014	5th Asian Conference on Multibody Dynamics 2010, ACMD 2010	Copyright  2010 by JSME.This paper proposes SSM (Sensor Steering Mechanism) for a lateral guided vehicle with an articulated body which is allowing the vehicle to change moving directions. Authors demonstrate the geometry of SSM for a front wheel steer type, reverse phase four-wheel steer type and rear wheel steer type vehicle. SSM presents the stable lateral guiding performance for automated vehicle which follows a straight and curved path created by guideway. The other hand, SSM is not established for articulated vehicles such as wheel loaders and dump tracks used in the mine and construction site. SSM for an articulated vehicle enables a wheel loader to automated moving on every space. This paper leads SSM for an articulated vehicle and constructs an experimental robotic vehicle with proposed SSM. Simulated and experimental data show the advantages of proposed SSM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Mechanical Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Adaptive robust control of wheeled mobile robot with uncertainties	2014	International Workshop on Advanced Motion Control, AMC	A torque controller based on adaptive robust control is proposed for trajectory tracking of nonholonomic wheeled mobile robot with kinematic and dynamic uncertainties. In this controller, the parametric uncertainties are estimated by the adaptive control, and the non-parametric uncertainties are compensated by the adaptive robust control. The operation efficiency of the system is improved by distinguishing the differences between parametric and non-parametric uncertainties. Furthermore, the transient performance of adaptive control is optimized by the adaptive robust control and the measurements of uncertainties bounds are avoided, this strengthened the applicability of the controller. The uniformly ultimately bounded of closed-loop control system is proved by the Lyapunov theory. Simulations show that the adversely impacts of complex system uncertainties can be eliminated effectively and the high-precision trajectory tracking is guaranteed.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	adaptive control,adaptive robust control,nonholonomic system,trajectory tracking,wheeled mobile robot
Multisensor data fusion for obstacle detection in automated factory logistics	2014	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE 10th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper describes data fusion methodologies for obstacle detection in an automation system based on advanced Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV), used for automated logistics in modern factories. We present the background of the problem, introducing generic aspects of the system architecture designed to cope with the obstacle detection in automated factory logistics; then, we focus on the system specification for the module responsible of integrating data from different sources and providing a global representation of the environment. Finally, we present a comparative analysis among different strategies of multisensor data fusion compliant with the requirements of the described system, highlighting their advantages and drawbacks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	21	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	None
Supervision and monitoring of logistic spaces by a cooperative robot team: methodologies, problems, and solutions	2014	Intelligent Service Robotics	2014, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Mobile robots can be employed in the logistic field to efficiently perform common tasks, such as building and updating maps of indoor and outdoor logistic spaces, locating specific goods on the map, tracing the product flow in the area, while preserving situational awareness and safety of the environment. This paper reports and discusses the main results of the MACP4Log (Mobile Autonomous and Cooperating robotic Platforms for supervision and monitoring of large LOGistic surfaces) research project, aimed at the study and development of a set of algorithms and services, enabling autonomous navigation of a team of mobile robots in large logistic spaces, and exploiting cooperation, through communication with a supervisor and among the robotic platforms. Although the main services required for the robots coincide with the most common issues of mobile robotics (i.e., localization, mapping, SLAM and exploration), the particular characteristics of the logistic spaces introduce specific problems (e.g., related to a high symmetry of the environment and/or to its variability), which must be properly taken into account. The paper discusses in detail such problems, summarizing the main results achieved both from the methodological and the experimental standpoint, and is completed by the description of the general functional architecture of the whole system, including navigation, logistic, and monitoring services.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	9	Computational Mechanics,Engineering (miscellaneous),Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Active SLAM and exploration,Cooperative mobile robots,Localization,Logistic spaces,Mapping
Multilayer distributed intelligent control of an autonomous car	2014	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	This paper shows how the development of an intelligent vehicle application can benefit from using standard mobile robotics elements in general, and a development framework in particular. This framework, ThinkingCap-II, has been successfully used in other robotics applications. It consists of a series of modules and services that have been developed in Java and allows the distribution of these modules over a network. The framework facilitates reusing components and concepts from other developments, which permits increasing the performance of the intelligent vehicle development. This fact is especially useful for small research groups. A two car convoy application has been implemented using this architecture and the development of an autonomous vehicle. Both the ThinkingCap-II and the autonomous vehicle architectures are described in detail. Finally some experiments are presented. Simulated experiments are used to validate the convoy model, testing the activation of the different behaviors in the decision-making process. Real experiments show the actual working of the developed intelligent vehicle application.  2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	10	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Intelligent vehicles,Mobile robots,Robotics development frameworks
Increasing the system efficiency using contactless power transfer system	2014	International Journal of Applied Engineering Research	Research India Publications.This paper proposes a model of Contactless Power Transfer system (CPTS), which adopts transformer with big air-gap between primary and secondary coils. The system has the characteristics of long leakage inductance, small magnetizing inductance and low coupling coefficient. Usually the transmission efficiency is very low, but this model improves the system efficiency by adopting resonance of compensation capacitance and leakage inductance in transferring energy to the load. The aim of the project is to transfer the power without any contact. Depending upon the application of the size, the cross section, the number of turns of primary coil varies. The secondary coil will be placed either in devices or vehicles that we use without any contact. We applied this concept and made a prototype of train that consists of a round track and primary coils below it. The train engine has secondary windings which is called pick up coils.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Engineering (all)	Contactless power transfer system (CPTS)
Traffic simulation of two adjacent unsignalized T-junctions during rush hours using Arena software	2014	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	2014 Elsevier B.V.In this paper, the focus is on simulating the traffic of two adjacent T-junctions during rush hours located at Jalan Universiti in the city of Skudai, Johor, Malaysia. This study was conducted with the objective of simulating the traffic on the network in order to understand and analyze its bottlenecks and propose solutions to improve it. The simulation model was developed with ARENA software, and the initial result shows that there is a substantial queue in one of the routes, arm C. A model with traffic light was proposed to tackle the problem. Results obtained from the improved model revealed that the average waiting time in arm C declined by 67%. Furthermore, the average waiting time of the queues in the entire system decreased by 53%. In addition, in this paper, it was shown how Arena software can be adopted to simulate traffic problems effectively. The method in this research can be applied to investigate various traffic scenarios and their consequences before implementing them in reality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	32	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Arena,Junction,Traffic simulation
The integrated scheduling problem in container terminal with dual-cycle operation	2014	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	The paper proposes an integrated scheduling problem for dual-cycle operation in container terminal, which can be described as a 3-stage hybrid flow shop problem with multi-job families and no-buffer. The integrated scheduling problem is formulated as a mixed-integer programming model. Due to the computational intractability, a simulation-based heuristic algorithm is developed for problem solution. State transition of yard truck, inventory and quota of quay crane and yard crane are introduced into the heuristic algorithm. Computational experiments and simulation analysis are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed heuristic algorithm. The results show that the algorithm presented is very effective for the equipment scheduling of meta-container terminal with dual-cycle operation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Container operation system,Dual-cycle operation,Heuristics,Scheduling
Study on the occlusion problem in dynamic space intersection measurement with multi-camera systems	2014	Guangxue Xuebao/Acta Optica Sinica	Occlusion is a major problem in dynamic space intersection measurement with multi-camera systems. When occlusion occurs in measuring process, certain control points can only be observed by one camera, so the typical method of space intersection can't be useable. To process the occlusion problem, the locations of the control points can be roughly determined, the optimal results can be obtained through iterative optimization algorithms, and the objective function can be established by multi-plane constraints of the available control points (the points are observed not only by all the cameras, but also by parts of the cameras). The experimental results show that the method can solve the occlusion problem well, and provide reliable measuring accuracy at the same time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	Machine vision,Multi-camera measuring net,Occlusion processing,Space intersection
Scheduling of semiconductor manufacturing systems using petri nets	2014	Formal Methods in Manufacturing	2014 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Semiconductor manufacturing is wildly considered as a highly complex process. Its operation management and optimization are challenging for both researchers and practitioners. To address its modelling and scheduling issue, this chapter presents the applications of Petri nets (PNs) to complex system scheduling. After the introduction to basic concepts and extensions of PNs, a hierarchical coloured timed PN (HCTPN) is proposed. To address its scheduling issue, genetic algorithms (GAs) are extended and then embedded into the constructed HCTPN to find optimal/suboptimal schedules. Simulation results based on real-factory scenarios and data are presented. The comparisons 554among different scheduling strategies are made. It is proved that the PN models and GAs can be well combined to solve the complex scheduling problems of semiconductor manufacturing and outperform such policies as empirical rule (E-Rule) and first in first out (FIFO).	Book	b	ch	Chapter	China	6	Engineering (all)	None
Extended nonsingular terminal sliding surface for second-order nonlinear systems	2014	Abstract and Applied Analysis	An extended nonsingular terminal sliding surface is proposed for second-order nonlinear systems. It is shown that the proposed surface is a superset of a conventional nonsingular terminal sliding surface which guarantees that the system state gets to zero in finite time. The conventional nonsingular sliding surfaces have been designed using a power function whose exponent is a rational number with positive odd numerator and denominator. The proposed nonsingular terminal sliding surface overcomes the restriction on the exponent of a power function; that is, the exponent can be a positive real number. Simulation results are provided to show the validity of the main result.  2014 Ji Wung Jeong et al.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Analysis,Applied Mathematics	None
The Delay Time-Based (DTB) algorithm for energy-efficient server cluster systems	2014	Proceedings - 2014 8th International Conference on Complex, Intelligent and Software Intensive Systems, CISIS 2014	2014 IEEE.The improved power consumption laxity-based (IPCLB) algorithm is discussed to select one of servers so that the total power consumption of a cluster can be reduced. However, a load balancer has to collect a state of every current process on servers of a cluster to calculate the estimated power consumption of each server. In addition, it is difficult to precisely estimate the power consumption of each server since the state of each process on the server is changed during the estimation. Especially, a process might terminate before the termination time is estimated if the computation time of the process is shorter than the communication delay time between the load balancer and the server. In this paper, we assume the computation time of each process is shorter than the communication delay time. Then, we propose a delay time-based (DTB) algorithm to select a server for each request process so that the total power consumption of a cluster to perform processes on the server can be reduced. In the DTB algorithm, it is not necessary to collect a state of every process on each server to estimate the power consumption laxity. In addition, the minimum computation time of a process is not required to be a priori defined in the DTB algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Delay Time-Based (DTB) Algorithm,Energy-aware distributed systems,Energy-efficient cluster systems,Green IT,Power consumption model
Multi-objective optimization of material delivery for mixed model automotive assembly line based on particle swarm algorithm	2014	Proceedings of the 33rd Chinese Control Conference, CCC 2014	2014 TCCT, CAA.To solve the real-time material delivery problems from the warehouse to workstations for the mixed model automotive assembly line in accordance with the production cycle, the dynamic material delivery method based on internet of things has been developed. The material flow and production characteristic of automotive assembly was analyzed in order to feed material properly & timely. The monitoring system of the material delivery based on internet of things was established which was composed of device layer, control layer and information management layer. The minimization multi-objective function was proposed considering materials transportation costs, materials transportation time and materials storage based on AGV and AS/RS. The hybrid particle swarm optimization (PSO) and the detail process of realization were designed. The validity of this model and algorithm was verified by a case of assembly plant materials distribution problem. Experimental results indicate that the hybrid PSO strategy show a quite promising higher performance than basic genetic algorithm for the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Material delivery,Mixed model assembly Line,Particle swarm algorithm
Linear time-varying control law for stabilization of hopping robot during flight phase	2014	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	The well-known Brocket's theorem revealed that nonholonomic systems, hopping robots, for example, can not be stabilized by smooth time-invariant state feedback controllers. In this manuscript, we propose a linear time-varying state feedback controller for stabilizing a nonholonomic hopping robot during flight mode in finite time. The current approach is novel in the sense that we modify the Pontryagin's minimum principle to formulate the linear state feedback control law. The existence of such a control law and its necessary conditions are presented in detail. The theoretical results are also validated through computer simulations.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
GridStore: A puzzle-based storage system with decentralized control	2014	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	We describe a high-density storage system for physical goods in which identical conveyor modules can be plugged together to store and retrieve unit-loads or small containers. Material movement conforms to the 'puzzle architecture' found in popular board games such as the 15-puzzle and Rush Hour. Control of the system is decentralized, meaning that each module contains identical operating logic that directs its behavior based on local conditions and message passing. We prove the system deadlock-free and show its performance under a wide variety of operating configurations.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	20	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Decentralized control,message passing,multiagent systems,object oriented modeling,storage automation
A transfer forecasting model for container throughput guided by discrete PSO	2014	Journal of Systems Science and Complexity	Accurate forecast of future container throughput of a port is very important for its construction, upgrading, and operation management. This study proposes a transfer forecasting model guided by discrete particle swarm optimization algorithm (TF-DPSO). It firstly transfers some related time series in source domain to assist in modeling the target time series by transfer learning technique, and then constructs the forecasting model by a pattern matching method called analog complexing. Finally, the discrete particle swarm optimization algorithm is introduced to find the optimal match between the two important parameters in TF-DPSO. The container throughput time series of two important ports in China, Shanghai Port and Ningbo Port are used for empirical analysis, and the results show the effectiveness of the proposed model.  2014 Institute of Systems Science, Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science, CAS and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Information Systems	Analog complexing,container throughput forecasting,discrete particle swarm optimization,transfer forecasting model
Sustainable supply chain-Supporting tools	2014	2014 Federated Conference on Computer Science and Information Systems, FedCSIS 2014	2014 Polish Information Processing Society.The most important topic for researchers is supply chain, that takes into account environmental factors and social aspects. That is why top managers prefer taking into account key performance indicators currently. Harmonization of social, environmental and economic components makes development of supply chains sustainable. This document is based on environmental protection; it details the main features of sustainable supply chain. It presents supporting tools of collaboration in sustainable supply chains. The main examined areas: system identification, order picking, inventory control systems, city logistics, intermodal logistics processes, routing, and logistics processes of earthwork. The tools: neural network, simulation, genetic algorithm, ant colony algorithm. The paper is structured as follows: First chapter defines sustainability and Sustainable Supply Chain (SSC). The second chapter presents supporting tools of collaboration in sustainable supply chains.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	7	Information Systems	None
Real-time ego-motion estimation using Lidar and a vehicle model based Extended Kalman Filter	2014	2014 17th IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, ITSC 2014	2014 IEEE.Automated driving maneuvers enable a highly reproducible validation of preventive vehicle safety systems. However, the automation of vehicle guidance requires an exact and reliable knowledge of current vehicle position and motion. This paper presents a new method for the real-time estimation of the vehicle position and of further longitudinal and lateral dynamic state variables. Fundamental idea is the fusion of the Lidar-based range and bearing measurements of landmarks with the information of various vehicle sensors by means of an advanced vehicle model based Extended Kalman Filter. It takes into account the nonlinear tire characteristics at the limits of driving physics when estimating the variables. Moreover, the proposed ego-localization and ego-motion estimation scheme incorporates an approach for the automated association of Lidar-detected objects to predefined landmarks. Using the experimental results of a highly dynamic driving maneuver the accuracy and robustness of the proposed method is demonstrated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Design of test track for accurate calibration of two wheel differential mobile robots	2014	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	Odometry using incremental wheel encoder sensors provides the relative position of a mobile robot. The major drawback of odometry is the accumulation of kinematic modeling errors when travel distance increases. The major systematic error sources are unequal wheel diameters and erroneous wheelbase. The UMBmark test is a practical and useful calibration scheme for systematic odometry errors of two wheel differential mobile robots. We previously proposed an accurate calibration scheme that extends the conventional UMBmark. A calibration experiment was carried out using the robot's heading errors, and kinematic parameters were derived by considering the coupled effect of the systematic errors on a test track. In this paper, we propose design guidelines of test tracks for odometry calibration. As non-systematic errors constitute a grave problem in practical applications, the test track shape and size should be determined by considering the distributions of systematic and non-systematic errors. Numerical simulations and experiments clearly demonstrate that the proposed scheme results in more accurate calibration results.  2014 Korean Society for Precision Engineering and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	7	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Calibration,Localization,Mobile robot,Odometry
Swarm intelligent approaches to auto-localization of nodes in static UWB networks	2014	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.In this paper, we address the problem of localizing sensor nodes in a static network, given that the positions of a few of them (denoted as "beacons") are a priori known. We refer to this problem as "auto-localization." Three localization techniques are considered: the two-stage maximum-likelihood (TSML) method; the plane intersection (PI) method; and the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. While the first two techniques come from the communication-theoretic "world," the last one comes from the soft computing "world." The performance of the considered localization techniques is investigated, in a comparative way, taking into account (i) the number of beacons and (ii) the distances between beacons and nodes. Since our simulation results show that a PSO-based approach allows obtaining more accurate position estimates, in the second part of the paper we focus on this technique proposing a novel hybrid version of the PSO algorithm with improved performance. In particular, we investigate, for various population sizes, the number of iterations which are needed to achieve a given error tolerance. According to our simulation results, the hybrid PSO algorithm guarantees faster convergence at a reduced computational complexity, making it attractive for dynamic localization. In more general terms, our results show that the application of soft computing techniques to communication-theoretic problems leads to interesting research perspectives.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	19	Software	Auto-localization,Hybrid,method,Particle swarm optimization (PSO),Plane intersection (PI) method,PSO,Two-stage maximum-likelihood (TMSL)
Optimisation of fuel efficiency for freeway vehicles	2014	IET Intelligent Transport Systems	A novel idea for optimising the driving strategies based on the vehicle speed and acceleration commands is developed and proposed to improve the fuel efficiency of the next generation freeway vehicles. The decision-making problem of driving strategies is converted into a combinatorial optimisation problem by dividing the route into a certain amount of consecutive sections, and the optimal speed and acceleration commands to be recommended to the vehicles are determined. Traffic condition in the freeway is defined as the traffic operating at the free-flow speed that is not inhibited by the presence of other vehicles, for example, off-peak times or sparsely populated areas. A two-stage process is used for optimisation. In stage one, the ADVISOR software is used to perform offline calculation of fuel consumption in divided sections for reducing time cost of the online optimisation. The lookup table of consumed fuel and time of the vehicle with different operation conditions is constructed for online process. In stage two, the MAX-MIN ant system algorithm is used to optimise the fuel-efficient driving strategies. A real route is considered as the object for experimental study. The results show that, based on the proposed fuel-efficient driving strategy, fuel consumption could be significantly improved while compared with the aggressive driving strategies.  The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2014.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Transportation,Environmental Science (all),Mechanical Engineering,Law	None
Paradigms and safety requirements for a new generation of workplace equipment	2014	International Journal of Occupational Safety and Ergonomics	A workplace in the manufacturing industry consists of not only stationary equipment (e.g., machining centres, fixed robots) but also mobile equipment (e.g., automated guided vehicles, mobile robots), with both kinds cooperating directly with workers. Workplace equipment should not only be safe, it should also not generate fear or anxiety; still better if it should inspire calm and confidence. In view of robot laws, this article presents selected examples of robot-human co-operation, reviews safety requirements and safety functions developed to date. It also proposes a package of selected new safety functions, necessary to fulfil this paradigm. It also suggests and presents examples of actions that can make the workplace a human-friendly environment and presents examples of such actions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Safety Research,Public Health, Environmental and Occupational Health	Industrial robots,Mobile robots,Safety requirements workplace
Intrinsically live structures in process and resource-oriented Petri nets modeling automated manufacturing systems	2014	Proceedings of the 11th IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC 2014	As an effective and graphical mathematical tool, Petri nets are extensively used in the modeling, analysis, verification, and control of automated manufacturing systems. Process and resource-oriented Petri nets (POPNs and ROPNs) are successively proposed in literature focusing on the description of product process and resource usage sequence, respectively. Structural theory is applied on both to solve the deadlock control problem. In this work, a class of colored ROPNs (CROPNs) is defined corresponding to WS3PR that is a class of POPNs. A kind of intrinsically live structures (ILSs) is investigated in both POPNs and CROPNs. Several examples are used to illustrate the work.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Dynamic repair priority for a transfer line with a finite buffer	2014	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	We formulate a continuous-time Markov chain model of a transfer line in which there are two unreliable machines separated by a finite buffer. Due to limited repair resources, simultaneous repairs are not possible in cases where both machines fail, and therefore we develop a repair priority rule that depends on the number of work-pieces present in the buffer. Each machine is characterized by three exponentially distributed random variables: processing time, time to failure, and time to repair. We provide a stochastic model for finding an optimal repair priority rule and an efficient algorithm accompanied by easy-to-use Matlab software. An extensive numerical study is performed to test the sensitivity of the proposed dynamic repair priority rule. While in previous studies repair priority was given to the bottleneck machine, we show that there are situations in which priority should be given to the non-bottleneck machine. Finally, we identify conditions in which adding a second technician is economically advisable.  2013 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Algorithms,Manufacturing transfer line systems,Queuing theory,Unreliable machines
A novel self-tuning proportional-integral-derivative controller based on a radial basis function network for trajectory tracking of service robots	2014	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	To solve the trajectory tracking of service robots in autonomous navigation, a novel self-tuning proportional-integral-derivative controller identified by a radial basis function neural network (radial basis function proportional-integral-derivative controller) is presented. The error regarding the lateral distance and directional deviation angle of the service robot is taken as the control deviation in the radial basis function proportional- integral-derivative controller. During the trajectory tracking, the proportional-integral-derivative parameters of the proposed controller can be adaptively adjusted online by using a radial basis function identification network. To keep the tracking effect of the service robot from being influenced by the initial values (i.e. the initial proportional-integral-derivative parameters and their learning rates) of the radial basis function proportional-integral-derivative controller, a chaos small-world algorithm is introduced to optimize them. The simulation results of the trajectory tracking show that the proposed controller can realize online adjustment of proportional-integral-derivative parameters according to actual conditions of service robots and is characterized by strong noise and disturbance suppression capability. The optimization of the radial basis function network controller based on chaos small-world algorithm can further improve the trajectory tracking precision. Additionally, experiments in the indoor environment further support the validity of the proposed radial basis function proportional-integral- derivative controller for trajectory tracking of service robots.  IMechE 2013.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	radial basis function network,Service robot,small world,trajectory tracking
An ultrasonic transducer transient compensator design based on a simplified variable structure control algorithm	2014	Ultrasonics	A non-linear control method, known as Variable Structure Control (VSC), is employed to reduce the duration of ultrasonic (US) transducer transients. A physically realizable system using a simplified form of the VSC algorithm is proposed for standard piezoelectric transducers and simulated. Results indicate a VSCcontrolled transmitter reduces the transient duration to less than a carrier wave cycle. Applications include high capacity ultrasound communication and localization systems. 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Acoustics and Ultrasonics	Ultrasonic communication,Ultrasonic transducers transients reduction,Variable Structure Control
Extraction of priority rules for boolean induction in distributed manufacturing control	2014	Studies in Computational Intelligence	In reactive manufacturing control, the allocation of resources for tasks is achieved in real time. When a resource becomes available it chooses one of the tasks in its queue. This choice is made according to priority rules which are designed to optimize costs, time, etc. In this paper, the aim is to exploit a Job Shop scheduling log and simulations in order to extract knowledge enabling one to create rules for the selection of priority rules. These rules are implemented in a CASI cellular automaton. Firstly, symbolic modelling of the scheduling process is exploited to generate a decision tree from the log and simulations. Secondly, decision rules are extracted to select priority rules for execution in a specific situation. Finally, the rules are integrated in CASI which implements the decisional module of agents in a distributed manufacturing control system.  2014 Springer International Publishing Switzerland.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	4	Artificial Intelligence	Distributed manufacturing control,Dynamic scheduling,Inductive learning,Priority rules
Simulation computer to evaluate scenarios of solid waste - An approach using systems dynamics	2014	International Journal of Environment and Sustainable Development	2014 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The article presents the development, validation and experimentation of simulation model using systems dynamics methodology, which allows users and managers to evaluate and analyse scenarios about the generation and disposal of urban solid waste. The developed model takes into account the following rates and information: rate of population natural increase (births and deaths), percentage of urban solid waste sent to each type of final disposal and the quantity of waste generated per inhabitant. The simulated scenarios take into account three distinct situations: a) current scenario with varying rates; b) current scenario with static rates; c) scenario with rates similar to the Netherlands's. The model's validation was developed through the analysis of future scenarios for a municipality in Brazil's southern region. With the generated results, the area managers may, in advance, evaluate and decide possible ways for improvements or adjustments in the management of municipal solid waste. The best simulated scenario was with rates similar to the Netherlands's. For the system modelling and development Vensim simulator was used. Copyright	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	3	Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law,Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment	Computational simulation,Decision-making process,Population growth,Solid waste
A motion planning framework with connectivity management for multiple cooperative robots	2014	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	This paper proposes a decentralized motion planning algorithm for multiple cooperative robots subject to constraints imposed by sensors and the communication network. It consists of decentralized receding horizon planners that reside on each vehicle to navigate to individual target positions. A routing algorithm which modify the network topology based on the position of the robots and the limited range of transmitters and receivers, enables to reduce the communication link failures. A comparative study between the proposed algorithm and other existing algorithms is provided in order to show the advantages especially in terms of traveling time and communication link failure.  2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Collision avoidance,Motion planning,Network connectivity,Receding horizon control,Routing algorithm
Impact of unit load size on in-plant materials supply efficiency	2014	International Journal of Production Economics	The unit loads, e.g.; plastic containers or EUR-pallets, used in an assembly plant can have a significant impact on time efficiency, and hence cost, of both the materials supply and the receiving assembly stations. Smaller unit loads can reduce the time the assemblers spend fetching parts. However, larger unit loads result in fewer moves for a given volume of materials, which implies efficient in-plant materials supply. The current paper explores how the time efficiency of in-plant materials supply is affected by the size of unit loads. Based on the case study, it is clear that the efficiency of the in-plant materials supply is not proportional to the size of the unit loads. There are fundamental differences between how large pallets, compared to smaller unit loads, are delivered, meaning that the increased delivery frequency required for smaller unit loads does not necessarily result in an increased man-hour consumption.  2012 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	21	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	In-plant materials supply,Materials flow,Milk-run deliveries,Supply chain,Unit load size
Vision system for the automation of ovine carcass processing	2014	Australasian Conference on Robotics and Automation, ACRA	A vision system is presented for analysing the 3D profile of ovine carcasses for the belly rip down cut using a Microsoft Kinect. The system is an improvement over previous work, because it is significantly more robust against changes in the environment, while offering a simpler and more cost-effective setup. The integration of the vision system with a 6-axis robot manipulator is presented, leading to a fully automated vision-guided robotic system. Experimental trials involving 100 ovine carcasses were carried out, and a success rate of 99% was achieved. The vision system has a resolution of approximately 2 mm and experimental results show that it correctly identified the critical insertion point for the belly rip down cut. Challenges with the insertion point localisation are discussed and future work where improvements can be made are proposed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Adaptive regions of interest based on HSV histograms for lane marks detection	2014	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.The lane detection is a vital component of autonomous vehicle systems. Although many different approaches have been proposed in the literature it is still a challenge to correctly identify road lane marksunder abrupt light variations. In this work a vision-based ego-lane detection system is proposed with the capability of automatically adapting to abrupt lighting changes. The proposed method automatically adjusts the feature extraction and salient point tracking cuesintroduced by the GOLDIE (Geometric Overture for Lane Detection by Intersections Entirety) algorithm. The variance of the lighting conditions is measured using hue-saturation histogram and abrupt light changes on the road are detected basedon the difference between histograms. Experimental comparison with previously proposed algorithms demonstrated that thismethod achieved efficient lane detection in the presence of shadows and headlights. In particular, the accuracy of the algorithm applied on the footage with highest light variation increased 12.5% on average. The overall detection rate increased 4%, which illustrated the applicability of the method.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	None
Distributed supervisor synthesis for automated manufacturing systems using Petri nets	2014	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2014 IEEE.Due to the competition for limited resources by many concurrent processes in large scale automated manufacturing systems (AMS), one has to resolve a deadlock issue in order to reach their production goal without disruption and downtime. Monolithic resolution is a conventional approach for optimal or acceptable solutions, but suffers from computational difficulty. On the other hand, some decentralized methods are more powerful in finding approximate solutions, but most are application-dependent. By modeling AMS as Petri nets, we develop an innovative distributed control approach, which can create a trajectory leading to a desired destination and are adaptable to different kinds of constraints. Control strategies are applied to processes locally such that they can concurrently proceed efficiently. Global destinations are always reachable through the local observation upon processes without knowing external and extra information. Efficient algorithms are proposed to find such distributed controllers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	15	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Two phase solution for an intelligent moving target search problem based on a 0-1 linear model	2014	International Journal of Production Research	2014 Taylor & Francis.This paper presents a generic discrete model for the moving, intelligent target problem. Our objective is to maximise the probability of detection of the moving target with respect to target and searchers constraints. The solution method proposed here is composed on two stages. The first one aims at providing a large-scale strategy by solving an Integer Linear Program approach. As a direct solution of this problem is not practically possible, we use a decomposition of the problem into a searchers strategy on one side, and the targets strategy on the other side. A good strategy for the searcher is determined using a sliding window procedure. Concerning the target, our approach consists in simulating some of the targets possible strategies and considering each of these possibilities as an independent and deterministic entity. The second stage is dedicated to adjusting the large-scale strategy provided by stage 1. Finally, numerical results are presented so as to assess the impact of our approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	detecting search problem,Integer Linear Programming,intelligent moving target,simulation
Time-window-based combined objective DE algorithm for hybrid flow-shop	2014	International Journal of Modelling, Identification and Control	In this paper, a time-window-based hybrid flow-shop scheduling model is presented for manufacturing enterprise for solving production scheduling optimisation problem in the rolling production process. Time window deviation sum and the earliness/tardiness (E/T) penalty sum's optimisation goal are modelled, and differential evolution (DE) global optimisation algorithm is used to conduct the global optimisation. The assigned tasks to determine a job's machining path in the time window frame can be finished in each stage. The hybrid flow-shop scheduling optimisation method based on time window can improve the equipment utilisation and reduce scheduling conflict situations. Our time-window-based hybrid flow-shop scheduling optimisation method is evaluated by multiple sets of programs' numerical analysis, and the results show that the proposed approach can meet the requirement of business rolling production scheduling very well.Copyright  2014 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	De Algorithm,E/T Problem,Earliness/Tardiness Problem,Hybrid Flow-Shop,Time Window
Localization in highly dynamic environments using dual-timescale NDT-MCL	2014	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2014 IEEE.Industrial environments are rarely static and often their configuration is continuously changing due to the material transfer flow. This is a major challenge for infrastructure free localization systems. In this paper we address this challenge by introducing a localization approach that uses a dual-timescale approach. The proposed approach-Dual-Timescale Normal Distributions Transform Monte Carlo Localization (DT-NDT-MCL)-is a particle filter based localization method, which simultaneously keeps track of the pose using an apriori known static map and a short-term map. The short-term map is continuously updated and uses Normal Distributions Transform Occupancy maps to maintain the current state of the environment. A key novelty of this approach is that it does not have to select an entire timescale map but rather use the best timescale locally. The approach has real-time performance and is evaluated using three datasets with increasing levels of dynamics. We compare our approach against previously proposed NDT-MCL and commonly used SLAM algorithms and show that DT-NDT-MCL outperforms competing algorithms with regards to accuracy in all three test cases.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	25	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Real-time safe navigation in crowded dynamic environments using generalized velocity obstacles	2014	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	Copyright  2014 by ASME.This paper aims at developing a real-time, robust, and reliable navigation method for an omnidirectional robot, the so-called MRL-SSL RoboCup robot, can be used in crowded dynamically-changing environments. To this end, a local motion planner will be introduced which combining the Generalized Velocity Obstacles (GVO) notion and a heuristic approach for determining the time horizon such that the inevitable collision states can successfully be avoided. The proposed method considers not only the kinematics of the robot but also its dynamics. Moreover, it could be extended to a wide range of practical path planning problems containing uncertainties. Finally, in order to demonstrate the performance and effectiveness of the proposed motion planner for the omnimobile robots, some practical scenarios are simulated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	2	Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	None
Genetic Algorithm integrated sliding mode control of a vehicle	2014	11th World Congress on Computational Mechanics, WCCM 2014, 5th European Conference on Computational Mechanics, ECCM 2014 and 6th European Conference on Computational Fluid Dynamics, ECFD 2014	The main propose of suspension systems is to isolate car body motion from the road excitations and improve the ride comfort. Hence, to control of suspension system is important both comfort and road holding. The aim of this study is to design Sliding Mode Controller tuned by Genetic Algorithm (GA) for providing smooth vertical motion of car body. Sliding mode control (SMC) has been used in many mechanical and structural systems due to its robustness, simplicity and high control performance. However, tuning optimum controller parameters for systems is still an important research area. The proposed SMC parameters have been tuned by GA with several fitness functions to get better dynamic performance. The vehicle model is excited by random road data. Then, simulation results of uncontrolled and GA integrated sliding mode controllers models are compared. The results show that vehicle model with SMC tuned by GA is effective to decrease the effects of road induced vibrations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Mechanics of Materials,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Mechanical Engineering	Genetic Algorithm,Multi-objective Genetic Algorithm,Simulation of vehicle vibrations,Sliding Mode Controller,Vehicle model
Decentralized trajectory tracking with collision avoidance control for teams of unmanned vehicles with constant speed	2014	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	In this paper, we present a decentralized trajectory tracking control with collision avoidance for an arbitrarily large group of heterogeneous, nonholonomic vehicles. We consider vehicles with different constant speeds and bounded turning rates (e.g., airplanes), for which their avoidance maneuverability is limited. The proposed controller is divided in two parts: an auxiliary system and a local heading control. The auxiliary system is in charge of guiding the vehicle toward the desired trajectory while guaranteeing collision avoidance with other agents at all times. The local heading control is designed such that the vehicle remains continuously within a bounded, short distance of the auxiliary system. To enforce the convergence of the vehicles to a proximity of their desired trajectories and avoid deadlocks (a common issue within most decentralized navigation methods), an alternative discontinuous control strategy is presented. Finally, a numerical example is provided to illustrate the performance of the proposed control strategy.  2014 American Automatic Control Council.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	9	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous systems,Decentralized control,Multivehicle systems
Extraction of elementary siphons in a class of generalized Petri nets using graph theory	2014	Engineering Computations (Swansea, Wales)	Purpose - Siphon-based deadlock control in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) suffers from the problems of computational and structural complexity since the number of siphons grows exponentially with respect to the size of its Petri net model. In order to reduce structural complexity of a supervisor, a set of elementary siphons derived from all strict minimal siphons (SMS) is explicitly controlled. The purpose of this paper is through fully investigating the structure of a class of generalized Petri nets, WS3PR, to compute all SMS and a compact set of elementary siphons. Design/methodology/approach - Based on graph theory, the concepts of initial resource weighted digraphs and restricted subgraphs are proposed. Moreover, the concept of augmented siphons is proposed to extend the application of elementary siphons theory for WS 3PR. Consequently, the set of elementary siphons obtained by the proposed method is more compact and well suits for WS3PR. Findings - In order to demonstrate the proposed method, an FMS example is presented. All SMS and elementary siphons can be derived from initial resource weighted digraphs. Compared with those obtained by the method in Li and Zhou, the presented method is more effective to design a structural simple liveness-enforcing supervisor for WS3PR. Originality/value - This work presents an effective method of computing SMS and elementary siphons for WS3PR. Monitors are added for the elementary siphons only, and the controllability of every dependent siphon is ensured by properly supervising its elementary ones. A same set of elementary siphons can be admitted by different WS3PR with isomorphic structures. Copyright  2014 Emerald Group Publishing Limited. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Software,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Deadlock prevention,Elementary siphon,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net
Computational stent placement in transcatheter aortic valve implantation	2014	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2014.Transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) is a minimally invasive procedure to treat severe aortic stenosis in patients with a high risk for conventional surgery. In-silico experiments of stent deployment within patient-specific models of the aortic root have created an opportunity to predict stent behavior during the intervention. Current limitations in procedure planning are a primary motivator for these simulations. The virtual stent placement preceding the deployment phase of such experiments has major influence on the outcome of the simulation, but only received little attention in literature up to now. This work presents a methodical approach to patient-specific planning of placement of self-expanding stent models by analyzing experimental outcomes of different sets of boundary conditions constraining the stent. As a results, different paradigms for automated or expert guided stent placement are evaluated, which demonstrate the benefits of virtual stent deployment for intervention planning. To build a predictive planning pipeline for TAVI we use an automatic segmentation of the aorta, aortic root and left ventricle, which is converted to a finite element mesh. The virtual stent is then placed along a guide wire model and deployed at multiple locations around the aortic root. The simulation has been evaluated using pre- and post-interventional CT scans with an average relative circumferential error of 4.0% (±2.5%), which is less than half of the average difference in circumference between individual stent sizes (8.6%). Our methods are therefore enabling patient-specific planning and provide better guidance during the intervention.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Switzerland	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Medical simulation,Stent placement,Transcatheter aortic valve implantation,Virtual deployment
Sustainable design and innovation for office furniture and its implementation	2014	FAIM 2014 - Proceedings of the 24th International Conference on Flexible Automation and Intelligent Manufacturing: Capturing Competitive Advantage via Advanced Manufacturing and Enterprise Transformation	Copyright 2014 by DEStech Publications, Inc. All rights reserved.Products such as furniture are a combination of components that together provide the functionality required by the customer. For the designer, the product configuration has special importance. The impetus for new ideas becomes obvious as they will influence the future industrial designers. The objective of this research is to develop a new tools to help designer make a most effective decision making toward sustainable design. At early design decision makings, the design concept selection at the component design level can cause the product to be redesigned or remanufactured. Early design decision makings are essential and have significant impact on sustainable design of furniture products. However, there are still challenges to evaluate a significant sustainable design especially to furniture industry on open plan system. The aim of the research presented in this paper is to address the issues above in an integrated sustainable design.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Towards control and sensing for an autonomous mobile robotic assistant navigating assembly lines	2014	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2014 IEEE.There exists an increasing demand to incorporate mobile interactive robots to assist humans in repetitive, non-value added tasks in the manufacturing domain. Our aim is to develop a mobile robotic assistant for fetch-and-deliver tasks in human-oriented assembly line environments. Assembly lines present a niche yet novel challenge for mobile robots; the robot must precisely control its position on a surface which may be either stationary, moving, or split (e.g. in the case that the robot straddles the moving assembly line and remains partially on the stationary surface). In this paper we present a control and sensing solution for a mobile robotic assistant as it traverses a moving-floor assembly line. Solutions readily exist for control of wheeled mobile robots on static surfaces; we build on the open-source Robot Operating System (ROS) software architecture and generalize the algorithms for the moving line environment. Off-the-shelf sensors and localization algorithms are explored to sense the moving surface, and a customized solution is presented using PX4Flow optic flow sensors and a laser scanner-based localization algorithm. Validation of the control and sensing system is carried out both in simulation and in hardware experiments on a customized treadmill. Initial demonstrations of the hardware system yield promising results; the robot successfully maintains its position while on, and while straddling, the moving line.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	9	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
The use of intelligent systems for planning and scheduling of product development projects	2014	Procedia Computer Science	2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.The paper investigates the use of intelligent systems to identify the factors that significantly influence the duration of new product development. These factors are identified on the basis of an internal database of a production enterprise and further used to estimate the duration of phases in product development projects. In the paper, some models and methodologies of the knowledge discovery process are compared and a method of knowledge acquisition from an internal database is proposed. The presented approach is dedicated to industrial enterprises that develop modifications of previous products and are interested in obtaining more precise estimates for project planning and scheduling. The example contains four stages of the knowledge discovery process including data selection, data transformation, data mining, and interpretation of patterns. The example also presents a performance comparison of intelligent systems in the context of variable reduction and preprocessing. Among data mining techniques, artificial neural networks and the fuzzy neural system are chosen to seek relationships between the duration of project phase and other data stored in the information system of an enterprise.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	28	Computer Science (all)	Artificial neural networks,Business intelligence systems,Data mining,Fuzzy neural system,Knowledge acquisition,Pattern recognition
Obstacle detection of 3D imaging depth images by supervised Laplacian eigenmap dimension reduction	2014	Journal of Computational Information Systems	Copyright  2014 Binary Information Press.In this paper, we propose an obstacle detection method for 3D imaging sensors by supervised Laplacian eigenmap manifold learning. The paper analyses the depth ambiguity problem of 3D depth images firstly, then the ambiguity boundary line and intensity images are used to eliminate ambiguity and extract the non-ambiguity regions of depth image. 3D information without ambiguity is applied to the manifold learning stage directly, and we use a biased distance in supervised Laplacian eigenmap to realize a non-linear dimensionality reduction of the depth data. In the experiment, 3D coordinate information of obstacles and non-obstacles is used as training data of manifold learning respectively. Experiment results show that our model can effectively eliminate the depth ambiguity of 3D imaging images and realize obstacle detection and identification, the method also shows good stability to 3D imaging noise.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Laplacian eigenmap,Manifold learning,Obstacle detection
Remote service discovery and binding architecture for soft real-time QoS in indoor location-based service	2014	Journal of Systems Architecture	2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.Indoor location-based service (LBS) is generally distinguished from web services that have no physical location and user context. In particular, various resources have dynamic and frequent mobility in indoor environments. In addition, an indoor LBS includes numerous service lookups being requested concurrently and frequently from several locations, even through a network infrastructure requiring high scalability in indoor environments. The traditional centralized LBS approach needs to maintain a geographical map of the entire building or complex in its central server, which can cause low scalability and traffic congestion. This paper presents a self-organizing and fully distributed indoor LBS platform with regional cooperation among devices. A service lookup algorithm based on the proposed distributed architecture searches for the shortest physical path to the nearest service resource. A continuous service binding mechanism guarantees a probabilistic real-time QoS regardless of dynamic and frequent mobility in a soft real-time system such as an indoor LBS. Performance evaluation of the proposed algorithm and platform is compared to the traditional centralized architecture in the experimental evaluation of scalability and real test bed environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	10	Software,Hardware and Architecture	Indoor LBS,Real-time QoS,Self-organizing overlay network,Service discovery and binding
Energy-aware control for automated container terminals using integrated flow shop scheduling and optimal control	2014	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	The performance of container terminals needs to be improved to handle the growth of transported containers and maintain port sustainability. This paper provides a methodology for improving the handling capacity of an automated container terminal in an energy-efficient way. The behavior of a container terminal is considered as consisting of a higher level and a lower level represented by discrete-event dynamics and continuous-time dynamics, respectively. These dynamics represent the behavior of a large number of terminal equipment. The dynamics need to be controlled. For controlling the higher level dynamics, a minimal makespan problem is solved. For this, the minimal time required by equipment for performing an operation at the lower level is needed. The minimal time for performing an operation at the lower level is obtained using Pontryagin's Minimum Principle. The actual operation time allowed by the higher level for processing an operation at the lower level is subsequently determined by a scheduling algorithm at the higher level. Given an actual operation time, the lower level dynamics are controlled using optimal control to achieve minimal energy consumption while respecting the time constraint. Simulation studies illustrate how energy-efficient management of equipment for the minimal makespan could be obtained using the proposed methodology.  2014 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	41	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminals,Energy consumption,Flow shop scheduling,Optimal control
Neural network learning from demonstration and epipolar geometry for visual control of a nonholonomic mobile robot	2014	Soft Computing	The control of a robot system using camera information is a challenging task regarding unpredictable conditions, such as feature point mismatch and changing scene illumination. This paper presents a solution for the visual control of a nonholonomic mobile robot in demanding real world circumstances based on machine learning techniques. A novel intelligent approach for mobile robots using neural networks (NNs), learning from demonstration (LfD) framework, and epipolar geometry between two views is proposed and evaluated in a series of experiments. A direct mapping from the image space to the actuator command is conducted using two phases. In an offline phase, NN-LfD approach is employed in order to relate the feature position in the image plane with the angular velocity for lateral motion correction. An online phase refers to a switching vision based scheme between the epipole based linear velocity controller and NN-LfD based angular velocity controller, which selection depends on the feature distance from the pre-defined interest area in the image. In total, 18 architectures and 6 learning algorithms are tested in order to find optimal solution for robot control. The best training outcomes for each learning algorithms are then employed in real time so as to discover optimal NN configuration for robot orientation correction. Experiments conducted on a nonholonomic mobile robot in a structured indoor environment confirm an excellent performance with respect to the system robustness and positioning accuracy in the desired location.  2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	13	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Geometry and Topology	Epipolar geometry,Learning from demonstration,Mobile robot,Neural network,Visual control
Transition cover-based design of Petri net controllers for automated manufacturing systems	2014	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	In automated manufacturing systems (AMSs), deadlock problems must be well solved. Many deadlock control policies, which are based on siphons or Resource-Transition Circuits (RTCs) of Petri net models of AMSs, have been proposed. To obtain a live Petri net controller of small size, this paper proposes for the first time the concept of transition covers in Petri net models. A transition cover is a set of Maximal Perfect RTCs (MPCs), and the transition set of its MPCs can cover the set of transitions of all MPCs. By adding a control place with the proper control variable to each MPC in an effective transition cover to make sure that it is not saturated, it is proved that deadlocks can be prevented, whereas the control variables can be obtained by linear integer programming. Since the number of MPCs in an effective transition cover is less than twice that of transition vertices, the obtained controller is of small size. The effectiveness of a transition cover is checked, and ineffective transition covers can be transformed into effective ones. Some examples are used to illustrate the proposed methods and show the advantage over the previous ones.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	50	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),deadlock control,discrete event system,linear integer programming (LIP),Petri nets,siphons
A simple scheme for formation control based on weighted behavior learning	2014	IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems	Several correlated issues of autonomy and simplicity regarding formation control for robots with a self-awareness mechanism in unstructured environments are considered. To achieve autonomy and simplicity, a hybrid scheme is derived for robot maneuvering based on a multibehavioral system. The system holds some self-awareness capabilities ensuring precision and robustness in the presence of internal and external disturbances within the limited capacity of interrobot communication. This is to ensure that the robots can march and simultaneously maintain their assigned formation and avoid hazardous collisions on the way to their destination. These self-awareness capabilities are achieved through a layered reinforcement learning algorithm. At the bottom level, robots are equipped with a set of primitive behaviors learned prior to team formation. The high-level combined behavior is generated by multiplying the outputs of each primitive behavior by its weight, and then summing and normalizing the results. The weights keep adaptively adjusting to the proposed reinforcement learning method. Once a robot receives a command providing the formation shape and the location of the destination, the robot approaches the destination autonomously and keeps an appropriate distance from its neighbors to maintain the assigned pattern. Leadership was given to a robot occupying the lead position. The volunteer leader takes the responsibility for keeping the formation, reporting its existence to the other robots, and resetting the position assignment after passing obstacles. Simulations show the practicality and performance of the proposed approach in both static and dynamic obstacle environments.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	22	Software,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	Behavior learning,formation,marching,multiple robots,Q-learning.
A new 0-1 linear programming approach and genetic algorithm for solving assignment problem in flexible manufacturing system	2014	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2014, Springer-Verlag London.Flexible manufacturing system (FMS) consists of some multi-functional machines that are linked together through a material-handling system and the whole of the system is controlled by a central computer. One of the most important problems in production planning of FMS is machine–tool selection and operation allocation problem that directly influences the production costs and time. This paper presents a 0-1 integer linear programming model for the multi-objective machine–tool selection and operation allocation problem in FMS. The proposed model attempts to simultaneously minimize machining cost, material-handling cost, setup cost, and maximum machine work load time and tool life. We also consider the constraints of tool magazine capacity, tool life, and machine capacity in the problem. Due to the nondeterministic polynomial (NP)-hard nature of the derived problem, a genetic algorithm is developed to solve the model. Computational results indicate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm for solving the problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Machine–tool selection,Operation allocation
Integrated analytical modeling for production systems coupled with material handling systems	2014	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	Production system modeling is critical for design, control, analysis, and management of manufacturing systems. Conventionally, many researchers make two major assumptions when the production system modeling is conducted: 1) the first machine is never starved, and 2) the last machine is never blocked. These assumptions actually separate the production system from the material handling system. However, the production system is practically coupled with the material handling system due to the integrated nature of these two systems. In this paper, the above two crucial assumptions are relaxed and a new modeling method for the production system coupled with a material handling system is introduced. The algorithm derived is based on the fixed-point theory and the obstructions of modeling this coupled system are discussed. The results from numerical studies indicate that the proposed modeling method could effectively describe the coupled system performance.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Coupled system modeling,fixed-point arithmetic,material handling systems,production systems
A versatile supervisor with one monitor based on macro-tokens	2014	IMA Journal of Mathematical Control and Information	This paper copes with deadlock control of a system modelled with Petri nets by designing a versatile supervisor, denoted by VS, with one monitor only, based on macro-tokens (tokens capable of carrying the whole information of a net marking) and guard functions after transforming a net into a coloured Petri net. Compared with the existing methods, supervisor VS can be synthesized for any class of Petri nets. In particular, the main information for designing the supervisor can be obtained directly from the reachability graph of a plant Petri net, which are dangerous markings and critical transitions (a transition is said to be critical if its firing can necessarily lead to the occurrence of a deadlock). The proposed method is designed by considering three important concepts: macro-tokens, guard functions and arc expression functions, which inherit the powerful description of programming languages, e.g. standard modelling language (standard ML).  2013 The authors 2013. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	coloured Petri nets,deadlock control,Petri net,reachability graph,state space,versatile supervisor
Congestion-aware multi-agent path planning: Distributed algorithm and applications	2014	Computer Journal	This paper proposes a method for multi-agent path planning on a road network in the presence of congestion. We suggest a distributed method to find paths for multiple agents by introducing a probabilistic path choice achieving global goals such as the user equilibrium or the social optimum. This approach, which shows that the global goals can be achieved by local processing using only local information, can be parallelized and sped-up using massive parallel processing. The probabilistic assignment reliably copes with the case of random choices of unidentified agents or random route changes of agents who ignore our path guidance. We provide the analytical result on convergence and running time. We demonstrate and evaluate our algorithm by an implementation using asynchronous computation on multi-core computers.  2013 The Author.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Computer Science (all)	multi-agent systems,traffic navigation
An extended simple power consumption model for selecting a server to perform computation type processes in digital ecosystems	2014	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	In information systems, applications are required to be realized in the digital ecosystems, high performance systems, and scalable systems. In these applications, a client first selects a server in a cluster of servers and issues a request to the server. The request is performed as a process in the server. In this paper, we consider a computation process which mainly consumes the central processing unit (CPU) resources. Cooling devices, such as fans, consume the electric power in addition to the CPU of a server. The rotation speed of a fan is revved up in servers in order to decrease the temperature of a server. Thus, the total power consumption of a server depends on not only computational devices such as a CPU, but also cooling devices. We discuss an extended simple power consumption (ESPC) model of a server with a multicore CPU and cooling devices to perform computation type processes. It is critical to discuss how to select a server for each request issued by a client in order to not only achieve performance objectives, but also reduce the total power consumption of a system based on the ESPC model. An improved power consumption laxity-based (IPCLB) algorithm for selecting a server is proposed in this paper, where the minimum power to be consumed is used to perform the process. We evaluate the ESPC model and IPCLB algorithm in terms of power consumption and elapse time.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	87	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed systems,ecosystem,energy-aware information system,green internet technology (IT),Power consumption model
Design and safety verification of a distributed charge equalizer for modular li-ion batteries	2014	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	This paper presents a novel charge equalization technique seamlessly integrated into a modular Battery Management System (BMS) for lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries. The charge equalizer is a crucial element for an effective use of a Li-ion battery consisting of many series-connected cells. We describe a fully distributed charge equalizer based on a circular balancing bus, which outperforms other recently published approaches. Its safety requirements have formally been verified using a model checker, showing that formal methods and, in particular, the Symbolic Analysis Laboratory environment, can be effective to verify the safety requirements of a BMS.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	33	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Battery management system (BMS),charge equalization,formal verification,lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries,model checking,safety,Symbolic analysis laboratory (SAL)
Neural networks for prediction of robot failures	2014	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part C: Journal of Mechanical Engineering Science	It is known that the supervision and learning of robotic executions is not a trivial problem. Nowadays, robots must be able to tolerate and predict internal failures in order to successfully continue performing their tasks. This study presents a novel approach for prediction of robot execution failures based on neural networks. Real data consisting of robot forces and torques recorded immediately after the system failure are used for the neural network training. The multilayer feedforward neural networks are employed in order to find optimal solution for the failure prediction problem. In total, 7 learning algorithms and 24 neural architectures are implemented in two environments - Matlab and specially designed software titled BPnet. The results show that the neural networks can successfully be applied for the problem in hand with prediction rate of 95.4545%, despite having the erroneous or otherwise incomplete sensor measurements invoked in the dataset. Additionally, the real-world experiments are conducted on a mobile robot for obstacle detection and trajectory tracking problems in order to prove the robustness of the proposed prediction approach. In over 96% for the detection problem and 99% for the tracking experiments, neural network successfully predicted the failed information, which evidences the usefulness and the applicability of the developed intelligent method.  IMechE 2013.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	8	Mechanical Engineering	execution failures,mobile robot,Neural networks,obstacle detection,prediction,trajectory tracking
A simulation-based decision support system for industrial field service network planning	2014	SIMULATION	Technical field services for industrial machinery and equipment have become increasingly important for original equipment manufacturers. To deliver services to their customers, companies have to build up new core competencies and infrastructure, a challenge due to the high complexity and dynamics of this business. To assist companies in the strategic design of their network and the planning of resources for delivering industrial field services, we present a model-driven decision support system that uses discrete event simulation to support decision makers in various aspects of strategic design and tactical planning. The benefits of the decision support system include the creation of a generic framework that makes it possible to create simulation models of different field service networks for multiple purposes. Specifically, the system can be used to support various tactical planning and strategic design decisions while keeping investments low in terms of time consumption and money spending. In addition, the paper closes an identified gap involving a lack of decision support for the management of field service networks. An application of the decision support system in an exemplary case is used to illustrate potential applications and benefits.  2013, The Society for Modeling and Simulation International. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	12	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	after-sales,cross-training,dispatching,Field service,manpower planning,network planning
Fuzzy based shadow removal and integrated boundary detection for video surveillance	2014	Journal of Electrical Engineering and Technology	2014, J Electr Eng Technol. All rights reserved.We present a scalable object tracking framework, which is capable of removing shadows and tracking the people. The framework consists of background subtraction, fuzzy based shadow removal and boundary tracking algorithm. This work proposes a general-purpose method that combines statistical assumptions with the object-level knowledge of moving objects, apparent objects, and shadows acquired in the processing of the previous frames. Pixels belonging to moving objects and shadows are processed differently in order to supply an object-based selective update. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method is able to track the object boundaries under significant shadows with noise and background clutter.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Background subtraction,Foreground detection,Fuzzy logic,Shadow removal,Video surveillance
Parafoil control using payload weight shift	2014	Journal of Aircraft	Autonomous guided airdrop systems based on steerable ram-air parafoils rely on differential deflection of the canopy trailing edge for lateral control with very limited longitudinal control. This work explores an alternative method that achieves both lateral and longitudinal control by shifting the center of gravity of the payload relative to the canopy rigging attachments. A multibody simulation model is required to capture the complex motion associated with the flexible nature of the parafoil, payload, and rigging system and simulate the effects of both longitudinal and lateral shifting of the center of gravity. Simulation results show that longitudinal weight shift can be an effective means of providing airspeed and glide slope control, and lateral weight shift can be an effective means of providing turn rate control. Results demonstrate that, for both lateral and longitudinal control, spreading the attachment points of the rigging to the payload will cause the aircraft to be more sensitive to shifts in the payload center of gravity. It was also found that, for both lateral and longitudinal control, decreasing the vertical distance from the rigging attachments to the center of gravity on the payload causes the aircraft to be more sensitive to shifts in the payload center of gravity. Finally, dynamic results demonstrate that the forces and moments required to induce a weight shift in the payload will often cause an initial response in the opposite direction of the final steady-state response.  2013 by Michael Ward.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	7	Aerospace Engineering	None
A bipolar pad in a 10-kHz 300-W distributed IPT system for AGV applications	2014	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	This paper presents the magnetic analysis of a recently proposed multiple coil pad design, called the bipolar pad (BPP), in a distributed inductive power transfer (IPT) system for automatic guided vehicle (AGV) applications. The paper briefly discusses the magnetic design optimization procedure and then optimizes another recently proposed secondary pad design (generally used in lumped IPT systems), called the double-D quadrature pad (DDQP), for distributed AGV applications and compares its performance with the BPP. A four conductor single phase track topology is used here as primary. Both the pads discussed in this paper have already been shown to perform well in lumped IPT systems and hence the work presented in this paper highlights and validates the possibility of using these pads in mixed distributed/lumped IPT systems. A 3-D finite element modeling tool is used to evaluate and compare all the models presented in this paper. To validate these results, a prototype system is built with a BPP secondary driving a load through a controller circuit. A modification in the traditional control topology is proposed and shown to improve the overall system efficiency; before finally highlighting some of the practical design issues needed to be considered when building such a system.  1982-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	111	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Contactless power transfer,Inductive power transfer (IPT),Magnetically coupled system
Autonomous aerial ice observation for ice defense	2014	Modeling, Identification and Control	2014 Norwegian Society of Automatic Control.One of the tasks in ice defense is to gather information about the surrounding ice environment using various sensor platforms. In this manuscript we identify two monitoring tasks known in literature, namely dynamic coverage and target tracking, and motivate how these tasks are relevant in ice defense using remotely piloted aircraft systems (RPASs). An optimization-based path planning concept is outlined for solving these tasks. A path planner for the target tracking problem is elaborated in more detail and a hybrid experiment, which consists of both a real fixed-wing aircraft and simulated objects, is included to show the applicability of the proposed framework.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles,Dynamic coverage control, ice observation,Multitarget tracking
An agent-based intelligent algorithm for uniform machine scheduling to minimize total completion time	2014	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.This paper considers the uniform machine scheduling problem with release dates so as to minimize the total completion time. The problem is known to be NP-hard in the strong sense, even when there is only a single machine. An intelligent scheduling algorithm, called ABISA, is proposed, in which agent technology is introduced to realize the robotization process of manufacturing scheduling by means of the intelligence of the machines. Semantic description of two kinds of agent is given, and token-ring mechanism is presented for agent coordination. A lower bound is derived which is used to evaluate the performance of the algorithms. By examining 1800 random problem instances, the algorithm shows an excellent performance in the solution quality. The results obtained by ABISA are better than the algorithms based on traditional heuristic rules, and are closer to the lower bound of the problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Software	Heuristics,Intelligent scheduling,NP-hard,Release dates,Total completion time,Uniform machines
Univariate throughput forecasting models on container terminal equipment planning	2014	Jurnal Teknologi (Sciences and Engineering)	Planning of Container Terminal equipment has always been uncertain due to seasonal and fluctuating throughput demand, along with factors of delay in operation, breakdown and maintenance. Many timeseries models have been developed to forecast the unforeseen future of container throughput to project the needed amount of port equipments for optimum operation. Conventionally, a "ratio" method developed by port consultants at early port design stage is adopted for equipment planning, giving no consideration to the dynamic growth of the port in terms of improved layout and technological advancement in equipments. This study seeks first to enhance the empirical approach of the equipment planning at the end of planning time horizon by including assumed coefficient of port capacity parameters. The second is to compare the size of equipment purchase by receiving different terminal's future throughput demand from two univariate forecasting models at planning time horizon. The empirical method of equipment planning will be tested against the conventional yard equipment per quay crane ratio after deriving the throughput demand from forecasting models of Holt-Winter's exponential smoothing and seasonal ARIMA (autoregression integrated moving average) model. Results in the form of graphs and tables indicate similar forecasting pattern by two models and equipment estimation proofs to avail more redundancy for optimum operation. Suggestions for better estimation of equipments are also made for future models.  2014 Penerbit UTM Press. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	3	Engineering (all)	Arima,Equipment forecasting,Exponential smoothing,Port planning,Univariate
Systems dynamics simulations for evaluating scenarios of urban solid waste generation and disposal Simulação baseada em system dynamics para avaliação de cenários sobre geração e disposição de resíduos sólidos urbanos	2014	Producao	This paper presents the development, validation and application of a simulation model using a systems dynamics methodology, which allows users and managers to evaluate and analyze scenarios in the context of urban solid waste generation and disposal. The developed model accounts for the following rates and parameters: rate of natural increase (birth rates and death rates), percentage of urban solid waste sent to each type of final disposal site and the amount of waste generated per capita. The simulated scenarios consider three distinct situations: (a) the current scenario with varying rates, (b) the current scenario with fixed rates and (c) a scenario with rates similar to those of the Netherlands. The model was validated through the analysis of future scenarios for a municipality in southern Brazil. Vensim-Ventana Systems was employed for the system modeling and development.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Computational simulation,Decision-making process,Solid waste,Solid waste management,System dynamics
A compressed infrared motion sensing system for human-following robots	2014	IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA	This paper develops a compressed infrared motion sensing system for mobile robots to detect and localize a moving human target in the vicinity. The proposed sensing system consists of three compressed infrared bearing sensor arrays for generating the bearing measurements of a human target from three perspectives. Then, human location is inferred by fusing these bearing measurements with least square method. The bearing sensor array is composed of pyroelectric infrared (PIR) sensors, and we employ the compressed sensing paradigm for the bearing sensor array design for reducing the number of required PIR sensors. A sensing system prototype is developed and evaluated in the context of human-following with mobile robots.  2014 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	bearing measurement,compressed sensing,Human motion sensing,human-following,mobile robot,PIR sensor
Development of a Collaborative Scheduling System of Offshore Platform Project Based on Multiagent Technology	2014	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	2014 Jinghua Li et al.Aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and efficiency for offshore platform project scheduling, a multiagent collaborative scheduling model based on the analysis of distributed offshore platform project scheduling was proposed. The functional definitions and internal structure of agents in the proposed system were analyzed. Moreover, in order to explore the cooperative way of agents, communication mechanism was presented and a negotiation model was elaborated. Then, system architecture and hardware architecture were constructed to lay a foundation to develop the collaborative scheduling system. Finally, an intelligent algorithm based on Bayesian method was designed to verify the negotiation model and a prototype system was developed to test the feasibility and rationality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Mechanical Engineering	None
Fatigue detection with 3D facial features based on binocular stereo vision	2014	Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering	2014 - IOS Press and the author(s). All rights reserved.Fatigue may lead to potential accidents, but its diagnosis is difficult so it is easy to be delayed or missed. In this paper, a novel 3D facial-image-based fatigue detection method is presented. There are three steps involved: First, 3D surface curvature-based methods are combined with some 2D image-based methods to locate the position of facial fatigue feature points on the facial 3D image-based model, which is reconstructed based on a pair of binocular facial images. Secondly, facial fatigue features, such as eye blink, gaze direction, mouth morphology, and facial expressions are extracted from the facial 3D image-based model by the corresponding extraction methods. Finally, together with N-times sampling data, the attribute value of each facial fatigue feature is calculated, and then integrated together to recognize fatigue by linear discriminant analysis (LDA) algorithm. The following experimental results show that compared with only 2D image-based method, the accurate location of facial feature points, attribute value's calculation, and fatigue's fusion detection are obviously improved using the method presented in this paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	3D point location,Binocular vision,facial fatigue feature,fatigue detection,fusion recognition,gaussian curvature
A simulated annealing approach for reliability-based chance-constrained programming	2014	Applied Stochastic Models in Business and Industry	The chance-constrained programming (CCP) is a well-known and widely used stochastic programming approach. In the CCP approach, determining the confidence levels of the constraints at the beginning of solution process is a critical issue for optimality. On one hand, it is possible to obtain better solutions at different confidence levels. On the other hand, the decision makers prefer to simplify their choices instead of grappling with the details such as determining confidence levels for all chance constraints. Reliability is an effective tool that enables the decision maker to look over the system integrity. In this paper, the CCP is considered as a reliability-based nonlinear multiobjective model, and a simulated annealing (SA) algorithm is developed to solve the model. The SA represents different solution alternatives at the different reliability degrees to the decision makers by performing different confidence levels. Thus, the decision makers have the opportunity to make more effective decisions. Copyright  2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	3	Modeling and Simulation,Business, Management and Accounting (all),Management Science and Operations Research	multiobjective,reliability,simulated annealing,stochastic programming
Multi-agent based approach for single machine scheduling with sequence-dependent setup times and machine maintenance	2014	Applied Soft Computing Journal	Scheduling of single machine in manufacturing systems is especially complex when the order arrivals are dynamic. The complexity of the problem increases by considering the sequence-dependent setup times and machine maintenance in dynamic manufacturing environment. Computational experiments in literature showed that even solving the static single machine scheduling problem without considering regular maintenance activities is NP-hard. Multi-agent systems, a branch of artificial intelligence provide a new alternative way for solving dynamic and complex problems. In this paper a collaborative multi-agent based optimization method is proposed for single machine scheduling problem with sequence-dependent setup times and maintenance constraints. The problem is solved under the condition of both regular and irregular maintenance activities. The solutions of multi-agent based approach are compared with some static single machine scheduling problem sets which are available in the literature. The method is also tested under real-time manufacturing environment where computational time plays a critical role during decision making process.  2014 Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	38	Software	Machine maintenance,Multi-agent based optimization,Sequence-dependent setup,Single machine scheduling
Decision-making of manufacturing system functional objectives	2014	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	We study the relationship among customer demand, competitive strategy and manufacturing system functional objectives based on manufacturing enterprises in the northeast of China. The results show that customer demands have a significant positive effect on competitive strategy. Enhancing customer demand is beneficial to improve the level of competitive strategy of enterprises; competitive strategy have a remarkable positive influence on manufacturing system functional objectives; customer demand directly affect manufacturing system functional objectives, which is indirectly impacted by customer demand through competitive strategy. In addition, both competitive strategy and manufacturing system functional objectives are notably influenced through satisfactions of customer demand. The conclusion of the research can provide theoretical guidance for enterprises which implement manufacturing system functional objectives.  2014 ICIC International.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Competitive strategy,Customer demand,Decision,Functional objectives,Operational performance
Research of network information management system for high-throughput rice breeding	2014	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	High-throughput rice planting experiments and phenotypic traits testing are the main methods in the research of rice molecular genetic breeding. In this research, a network information management system was designed based on the combination of RFID technology, database technology, and network technology to solve the problems of wrong/delaying-recording, inconvenient-searching/sharing and other issues during the acquisition of breeding information. The system efficiently improves the speed of rice planting experiments. The research is based on the greenhouse potted rice automation conveying equipment in Huazhong Agricultural University, which consists of the automatic greenhouse, the automatic irrigation system, the automated high-throughput potted rice planting and transmission system, and the rice phenotypic traits testing equipment. Its functions include potted rice breeding and cultivation, irrigation, transportation, scheduling, phenotypic traits testing, data recording in the phenotype of growth process, etc. This paper analyzes the network information management system, which is composed of RFID tags, RFID tag readers, networking software, and a database. RFID tags are placed on the bottom of each pot for real-time identification of rice, and RFID tag readers are installed under the transport line to get needed information by a unique code assigned to each corresponding RFID tag. The networking software, which could be accessed remotely, is built for the management of the rice breeding information and based on Visual Studio. The NET 2010 platform, programmed with C # and JavaScript language, realizes data management and interaction with the SQL Server 2008 database platform. We conducted the system in the Browser/Server structure with Windows platform. The mentionable point is that we added an ActiveX control in a web page, which can realize reading and writing RFID tags remotely via a browser, which is only needed to visit the system and to achieve accesses, queries, updates and other operations about breeding information data through the remote PC. With the establishment of the rice breeding information entity-relationship model, a unique code is proposed in this paper, including rice varieties and mutant libraries, generations of planting, sequential numbers of current generations, sequential numbers of parental generations, and flags of genetic mutations. Each code corresponds with one pot of rice, and is stored in both the RFID tag and database. According to the code, we can trace the family members of multi-generational rice from the database and build the family tree of rice for experiments. The system remotely realizes the real-time information management of breeding and rice mutant library planting trials. Tests in the planting area prove that the system is stable and reliable, and can improve the efficiency of rice genetics and breeding experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Computer networks,Database systems,Information systems,Radio frequency identification devices,Rice breeding
CCIoT-CMfg: Cloud computing and internet of things-based cloud manufacturing service system	2014	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	Recently, Internet of Things (IoT) and cloud computing (CC) have been widely studied and applied in many fields, as they can provide a new method for intelligent perception and connection from M2M (including man-to-man, man-to-machine, and machine-to-machine), and on-demand use and efficient sharing of resources, respectively. In order to realize the full sharing, free circulation, on-demand use, and optimal allocation of various manufacturing resources and capabilities, the applications of the technologies of IoT and CC in manufacturing are investigated in this paper first. Then, a CC- and IoT-based cloud manufacturing (CMfg) service system (i.e., CCIoT-CMfg) and its architecture are proposed, and the relationship among CMfg, IoT, and CC is analyzed. The technology system for realizing the CCIoT-CMfg is established. Finally, the advantages, challenges, and future works for the application and implementation of CCIoT-CMfg are discussed.  2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	407	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Advanced manufacturing systems (AMSs),cloud computing (CC),cloud manufacturing (CMfg),Internet of services(IoS),Internet of things (IoT),Internet of users (IoU)
FCM-based customer expectation-driven service dispatch system	2014	Soft Computing	Maintaining long-term customer loyalty has been an important issue in the service industry. Although customer satisfaction can be enhanced with better service quality, delivering appropriate services to customers poses challenges to service providers, particularly in real-time and resource-limited dynamic service contexts. However, customer expectation management has been regarded as an effective way for helping service providers achieve high customer satisfaction in the real world that is nevertheless less real-time and dynamic. This study designs a FCM-based customer expectation-driven service dispatch system to empower providers with the capability to deal effectively with the problem of delivering right services to right customers in right contexts. Our evaluation results show that service providers can make appropriate decisions on service dispatch for customers by effectively managing customer expectations and arranging their contextual limited resources and time via the proposed service dispatch system. Meanwhile, customers can receive suitable service and obtain high satisfaction when appropriate services are provided. Accordingly, a high-performance ecosystem can be established by both service providers and customers who co-create value in the dynamic service contexts.  2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	6	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Geometry and Topology	Customer expectation management,Fuzzy cognitive map,Service dispatch,Service science
Simulation for manufacturing system design and operation: Literature review and analysis	2014	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	This paper provides a comprehensive review of discrete event simulation publications published between 2002 and 2013 with a particular focus on applications in manufacturing. The literature is classified into three general classes of manufacturing system design, manufacturing system operation, and simulation language/package development. The paper further categorizes the literature into 11 subclasses based on the application area. The current review contributes to the literature in three significant ways: (1) it provides a wide coverage by reviewing 290 papers; (2) it provides a detailed analysis of different aspects of the literature to identify research trends through innovative data mining approaches as well as insights derived from the review process; and (3) it updates and extends the existing classification schemes through identification and inclusion of recently emerged application areas and exclusion of obsolete categories. The results of the literature analysis are then used to make suggestions for future research.  2013 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	259	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Design,Literature review,Manufacturing,Modeling and optimization,Operation,Simulation
Maximally permissive petri net supervisors for flexible manufacturing systems with uncontrollable and unobservable transitions	2014	Asian Journal of Control	2013 John Wiley and Sons Asia Pte Ltd and Chinese Automatic Control Society.This paper presents a deadlock prevention policy to obtain behaviorally optimal supervisors for flexible manufacturing systems with uncontrollable and unobservable transitions. The conditions of uncontrollability and unobservability of transitions are revealed in the sense of the implementation of a Petri net supervisor. Then, integer linear programming models are designed to obtain a Petri net supervisor such that all legal markings are reachable and the number of control places is reduced. We also show that a controllable transition can be unobservable and self-loops can be used to disable the transition but do not observe its firing. Finally, examples are provided to illustrate the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering	Deadlock prevention,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Petri net,Supervisory control,Uncontrollable transition,Unobservable transition
Characterisations of fibre networks in paper using micro computed tomography images	2014	Nordic Pulp and Paper Research Journal	Although several methods exist for characterisation of the morphology of wood fibres, the application of these procedures for the analysis of paper microstructure has been limited due to their complexity or shortcomings. Here, a methodology for microstructure characterisation of individual fibres, as well as paper, is presented which is based on three dimensional computed tomography images of paper at micrometer resolution. The first step of the method consists of a graphical user interface (GUI), designed to minimize the amount of manual labour. To manually identify a fibre from a 2x2 mm2 paper sheet takes about one minute with this GUI. Then several algorithms are available to analyse the image data automatically guided by the user input. With this approach it is possible to measure several characteristic properties without complete segmentation of the individual fibres. The methodology includes a method to calculate the contact areas between fibres even in extreme cases of severely deformed fibres, which are naturally present in paper. Among the measurable properties are also estimators for the free fibre lengths and fibre wall thickness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	12	Forestry,Materials Science (all)	None
An e-Learning tool considering similarity measures for manufacturing cell formation	2014	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Manufacturing cell formation is the first step in the design of cellular manufacturing system. The primary objective of this step is to cluster machines into machine cells and parts into part families so that the minimum of intercell trips will be achieved. This paper will be focused on the configuration of machine cells considering three types of initial machine-part matrix: binary (zero-one) matrix, production volume matrix, and operation time matrix. The similarity measure uses only information from these types of matrix. A pure combinatorial programming formulation will be developed to maximize the sum of similarity coefficients between machine/part pairs. An e-Learning tool/application to help industrial students and engineers for enhancing their cell formation capability is proposed. This tool is designed to include a novel similarity coefficient-based heuristic algorithm for solving the cell formation problem. To determine the performance of the proposed tool, comparison is made with a well-known tool along a case study.  2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	11	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Cell formation,Cluster analysis,Combinatorial problem,e-Learning,Similarity measure/coefficient
A hybrid differential evolution algorithm for a two-stage flow shop on batch processing machines with arbitrary release times and blocking	2014	International Journal of Production Research	Batch processing machines (BPMs) have important applications in a variety of industrial systems. This paper considers the problem of scheduling two BPMs in a flow shop with arbitrary release times and blocking such that the makespan is minimised. The problem is formulated as a mixed integer programming model. Subsequently, a hybrid discrete differential evolution (HDDE) algorithm is proposed. In the algorithm, individuals in the population are first represented as discrete job sequences, and mutation and crossover operators are applied based on the representation. Second, after using the first-fit rule to form batches, a novel least idle/blocking time heuristic is developed to schedule the batches in the flow shop. Furthermore, an effective local search technique is embedded in the algorithm to enhance the exploitation ability. The performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated by comparing its results to a commercial solver (CPLEX), a genetic algorithm and a simulated annealing algorithm. Computational experiments demonstrate the superiority of the HDDE algorithm in terms of solution quality, robustness and run time.  2014  2014 Taylor & Francis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	16	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	batch processing machines,blocking flow shop,discrete differential evolution,makespan,scheduling
Identification of flexible manufacturing system dimensions and their interrelationship using total interpretive structural modelling and fuzzy MICMAC analysis	2014	Global Journal of Flexible Systems Management	In today intense turbulent era and crumbling economy flexible practices are key to superior organizational performance. The purpose of this paper is to identify key variables of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) through systematic literature review. Further attempt has been made to resolve debates related to relationship among various constructs of FMS and their relationship using interpretive structural modelling (ISM) and TISM analysis. The result shows that management commitment and management strategy leads to availability of skilled and trained workers and high commitment and motivation. The present study has tried to answer three questions out of six key questions of Whetten (Acad Manag Rev 14(4):490-495, 1989) from his seminal article What constitutes a theoretical contribution i.e. what, how and why. The study has employed ISM, fuzzy MICMAC and TISM to develop a FMS framework and formulated strategy to implement in Indian scenario.  Global Institute of Flexible Systems Management 2013.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	98	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management	Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS),Fuzzy MICMAC,ISM,TISM
Multi-response simulation optimization approach for the performance optimization of an Alarm Monitoring Center	2014	Safety Science	This study offers a multi-response simulation-optimization approach to optimize an Alarm Monitoring Center's performance. In this paper, the multi-response simulation-optimization application is firstly addressed in the Alarm Monitoring Center. Five performance criteria affect the performance of Alarm Monitoring Center and five factors, each of which has three control levels, are identified. The data belonging to the performance criteria, which are determined, are obtained with the help of the running scenarios combining with the factor levels using Taguchi design. Then, signals to the noise (S/. N) ratios are calculated for these which are obtained from the performance data. A decision matrix is generated with S/. N ratios; the TOPSIS method is used to transfer the multi-response problems into the single-response problems. The system improvement rate is also determined by finding the levels of factors to optimize the system using Taguchi's single response optimization methodology.  2014 Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	7	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Safety Research,Public Health, Environmental and Occupational Health	Alarm Monitoring Center,Multi-response Taguchi optimization,Simulation-optimization,Taguchi method,TOPSIS
Role of parallelism in ambulance dispatching	2014	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	The demand for emergency medical service (EMS) has been rising over time, leading to the need for efficient yet effective techniques for managing ambulance logistics. Ambulance dispatching decisions in EMS assign ambulances to calls such that the response time is minimized. A notion of parallelism is developed for ambulance dispatching decisions that allows considering both idle and busy ambulances in parallel rather than just idle ones. The parallelism, applied upon the centrality policy found in literature, results in the parallelized centrality policy complementing and enhancing the centrality policy. The experimental analysis evidences that the parallelism significantly reduces response time by up to 43.4% over the existing approaches that only consider idle ambulances.  2013 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	8	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ambulance dispatching,emergency medical service,parallelism,response time
An adaptive particle swarm optimization method based on clustering	2014	Soft Computing	2014, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Particle swarm optimization (PSO) is an effective method for solving a wide range of problems. However, the most existing PSO algorithms easily trap into local optima when solving complex multimodal function optimization problems. This paper presents a variation, called adaptive PSO based on clustering (APSO-C), by considering the population topology and individual behavior control together to balance local and global search in an optimization process. APSO-C has two steps. First, via a K-means clustering operation, it divides the swarm dynamically in the whole process to construct variable subpopulation clusters and after that adopts a ring neighborhood topology for information sharing among these clusters. Then, an adaption mechanism is proposed to adjust the inertia weight of all individuals based on the evaluation results of the states of clusters and the swarm, thereby giving the individual suitable search power. The experimental results of fourteen benchmark functions show that APSO-C has better performance in the terms of convergence speed, solution accuracy and algorithm reliability than several other PSO algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	88	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Geometry and Topology	Adaptive particle swarm optimization,Cluster evaluation,Dynamic topology,Function optimization,Particle swarm optimization (PSO)
Selection of cutting-fluids using a novel decision-making method: Preference selection index method	2014	International Journal of Information and Decision Sciences	Copyright  2014 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper presents a simple and systematic multi-criteria decision making methodology to select a cutting fluid for the given application using the preference selection index (PSI) method. In this methodology, cutting fluid is selected for a given machining application without considering relative importance between the selection attributes. Two real time examples are cited from the literature in order to demonstrate and validate the applicability and potentiality of PSI method in solving the cutting-fluid selection problem. It is observed that the relative rankings of the alternative cutting fluid as obtained using PSI method match quite well with those as derived by the past researchers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	4	Information Systems and Management,Strategy and Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Computer Science Applications	Attribute,Criteria,Cutting fluid,Index,Preference selection index,PSI
Petri net-based optimal one-wafer cyclic scheduling of hybrid multi-cluster tools in wafer fabrication	2014	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	In a multi-cluster tool, there may be both single and dual-arm cluster tools. Such a multi-cluster tool is called hybrid multi-cluster tool. To operate such a multi-cluster tool, one needs to coordinate different types of robots for accessing the shared buffering modules. Aiming at finding a one-wafer periodic schedule such that the lower bound of cycle time can be reached, this paper conducts a study on scheduling a hybrid multi-cluster tool with its bottleneck tool being process-bound. The tool is modeled by a kind of timed Petri net model. With this model, the scheduling problem is reduced to determining the robots' waiting time. Then, the conditions under which a one-wafer periodic schedule exists such that the lower bound of cycle time can be reached are presented. Based on them, a closed-form algorithm is given to check whether such a one-wafer periodic schedule exists. If so, it is found via simple calculation. Examples are given to show the application of the proposed method.  1988-2012 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	42	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Multi-cluster tools,Petri net (PN),scheduling,semiconductor manufacturing
Molecular tailoring approach: A route for ab initio treatment of large clusters	2014	Chemical Reviews	2014 American Chemical Society.CONSPECTUS: Chemistry on the scale of molecular clusters may be dramatically different from that in the macroscopic bulk. Greater understanding of chemistry in this size regime could greatly influence fields such as materials science and atmospheric and environmental chemistry. Recent advances in experimental techniques and computational resources have led to accurate investigations of the energies and spectral properties of weakly bonded molecular clusters. These have enabled researchers to learn how the physicochemical properties evolve from individual molecules to bulk materials and to understand the growth patterns of clusters. Experimental techniques such as infrared, microwave, and photoelectron spectroscopy are the most popular and powerful tools for probing molecular clusters. In general, these experimental techniques do not directly reveal the atomistic details of the clusters but provide data from which the structural details need to be unearthed. Furthermore, the resolution of the spectral properties of energetically close cluster conformers can be prohibitively difficult. Thus, these investigations of molecular aggregates require a combination of experiments and theory. On the theoretical front, researchers have been actively engaged in quantum chemical ab initio calculations as well as simulation-based studies for the last few decades. To obtain reliable results, there is a need to use correlated methods such as Møller-Plesset second order method, coupled cluster theory, or dispersion corrected density functional theory. However, due to nonlinear scaling of these methods, optimizing the geometry of large clusters still remains a formidable quantum chemistry challenge. Fragment-based methods, such as divide-and-conquer, molecular tailoring approach (MTA), fragment molecular orbitals, and generalized energy-based fragmentation approach, provide alternatives for overcoming the scaling problem for spatially extended molecular systems. Within MTA, a large system is broken down into two or more subsystems that can be readily treated computationally. Finally, the properties of the large system are obtained by patching the corresponding properties of all the subsystems. Due to these approximations, the resulting MTA-based energies carry some error in comparison with calculations based on the full system. An approach for correcting these errors has been attempted by grafting the error at a lower basis set onto a higher basis set. Furthermore, investigating the growth patterns and nucleation processes in clusters is necessary for understanding the structural transitions and the phenomena of magic numbers in cluster chemistry. Therefore, systematic building-up or the introduction of stochastics for generating molecular assemblies is the most crucial step for studying large clusters. In this Account, we discuss the working principle of MTA for probing molecular clusters at ab initio level followed by a brief summary of an automated and electrostatics-guided algorithm for building molecular assemblies. The molecular aggregates presented here as test cases are generated based on either an electrostatic criterion or the basin hopping method. At MP2 level computation, the errors in MTA-based grafted energies are typically reduced to a submillihartree level, reflecting the potential of finding accurate energies of molecular clusters much more quickly. In summary, MTA provides a platform for effectively studying large molecular clusters at ab initio level of theory using minimal computer hardware. (Figure Presented).	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	59	Chemistry (all)	None
Knowledge-Based Genetic Algorithm for Dynamic Machine-Tool Selection and Operation Allocation	2014	Arabian Journal for Science and Engineering	This paper describes a knowledge-based genetic algorithm (KBGA) for solving a problem of dynamic machine-tool selection and operation allocation in a flexible manufacturing system. In this problem, there are a set of tools and machines that can produce different parts. The proposed KBGA combines a simple genetic algorithm with tacit and explicit knowledge that makes knowledge base (KB) to search optimal solution. In the proposed algorithm, the knowledge is used in generating initial population, selecting individuals, and applying mutation and crossover operators. Finally, 21 examples of different sizes are used to verify the performance of the proposed KBGA and to compare it with the five simple procedures algorithm and the branch-and-bound method. The results show that the KBGA obtains better performance in objective function values and CPU times.  2014 King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	5	Multidisciplinary	Flexible manufacturing system,Knowledge management,Knowledge-based genetic algorithm,Machine-tool combination
Synchronized control of mechanical systems: A tutorial	2014	Lecture Notes in Control and Information Sciences	Mechanical systems with synchronization functionality have been used for many complex production tasks that cannot be carried out by a single machine and/or individual mechanism. Synchronized control approach is one of the key issues to achieve the synchronized motion of mechanical systems, which attracts more and more attention from academic research to applications. There are many types of mechanical systems that require synchronized control, which have different kinematics and dynamics. It is not an easy job to use a unified synchronized control algorithm for all mechanical systems. This chapter summarizes the work on synchronized control mainly developed by the authors and their colleagues. In the presentation it tries to use several classical mechanical systems to show the design philosophy of the synchronized control systems, and consequently establishes a reader/user-friendly framework with tutorial, survey, applications, and potential research expansion.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2014.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	China	2	Library and Information Sciences	Cross-coupling error,Mechanical systems,Synchronized control
Mechatronic systems techniques for real-time optical measurement systems	2014	Electromechanical Systems: Mechatronic Systems, Techniques and Applications Volume Four	2000 by OPA (Overseas Publishers Association) N.V.The development of optical devices, such as the semiconductor laser, the optical fiber, and the CCD Cameras have recently produced a variety of different equipment for industries, offices and homes, which are based on optic, mechanic, electronic and computer sciences. These systems are sometimes referred to as opto-mechatronic systems [1,2], and can for example be categorized in real-time optical information systems and real-time optical measurement systems. Information systems, such as hand held laser scanners used for storing information in a computer. Measurement systems, where the information of the measurements produces a system response.2A system can for example be symbolized by an autonomous mobile robot, using a fiber optic gyroscope together with pulsed laser diodes range finders based on time of flight measurements, for navigation control [3]. There are also combinations of these two categories such as optical disc storage systems [4,5]. In this case the measurement of the reflected light gives the stored data of the disc as well as information to keep the laser beam on the track of the disc. Focusing on real-time optical measurement systems, this chapter will discuss aspects of mechatronic systems techniques.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Sweden	0	Engineering (all)	None
Surveillance angels	2014	Neural Network World	The use of sensor networks has been proposed for military surveillance and environmental monitoring applications. Those systems are composed of a heterogeneous set of sensors to observe the environment. In centralised systems the observed data will be conveyed to the control room to process the data. Human operators are supposed to give a semantic interpretation of the observed data. They are searching for suspicious or unwanted behaviour. The increase of surveillance sensors in the military domain requires a huge amount of human operators which is far beyond available resources. Automated systems are needed to give a context sensitive semantic interpretation of the observed kinematic data. As a proof of concept two automatic surveillance projects will be discussed in this paper. The first project is about a centralised system based on the AISAutomated Identification System which will be used to monitor ship movements automatically. The second project is about a decentralised system composed of a network of cameras installed at a military area. There is a need for a surveillance system along the coast of Europe. There is an increase of illegal drugs transport from the open sea, intrusion of boat refuges, illegal fishing, pollution of the sea by illegal chemical and oil pollution by ships. An automated sensor system is needed to detect illegal intruders and suspicious ship movements. Vessels fitted with AIS transceivers and transponders can be tracked by AIS base stations located along coast lines or, when out of range of terrestrial networks, through a growing number of satellites that are fitted with special AIS receivers. AIS data include a unique identifier of a vessel and kinematic data such as its position, course and speed. The proposed system enables identification, and tracking of vessels and to detect unwanted or illegal behaviour of ship movements. If ships violate traffic rules, enter forbidden areas or approach a critical infrastructure an alert will be generated automatically in the control room. Human operators start an emergency procedure. The second project is about a network of cameras installed at a military area. The area is monitored by multiple cameras with non-overlapping field of views monitored by human operators. We developed an automated surveillance system. At the entrance gate the identity of visitors will be checked by a face recognition system. In case of intruders, unwanted behaviour, trouble makers the emotional state of the visitor will be assessed by an analysis of facial expressions using the Active Appearance model. If unwanted behaviour is detected an alert is send the control room. Also license place of cars will be recognized using a system based on Neocognitron Neural Networks. Moving objects as persons and vehicles will be detected, localized and tracked. Kinematic parameters are extracted and a semantic interpretation of their behaviour is automatically generated using a rule based system and Bayesian networks. Cars violating the traffic rules or passing speed limits or entering forbidden areas or stopping/parking at forbidden places will be detected. A prototype of a system has been developed which is able to monitor the area 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  CTU FTS 2014.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	8	Software,Neuroscience (all),Hardware and Architecture,Artificial Intelligence	None
