Vehicles routing and scheduling algorithm for an automated storage and retrieval system of a warehouse	2015	2015 International Conference on Logistics, Informatics and Service Science, LISS 2015	2015 IEEE.An automated storage and retrieval system is a new storage concept derived from a pallet-shuttle high-density-storage system. This new system (former system) has higher space utilization than the original one (latter system), and can store or retrieve palletized units automatically using automated storage & retrieval vehicles. In order to organize multiple vehicles moving orderly in the system, offline vehicle routing and online vehicle scheduling are performed, based on a path-net graph modeled from the racks and pallet lifters of the system. In offline vehicle routing, path payload and navigation factor are introduced to calculate the path cost, which can make the vehicles not only have short paths but also employ trunk rails and pallet lifters evenly. In online vehicle scheduling, to avoid vehicle collisions at path nodes, buffers are attached to path nodes in the path-net graph model for vehicle parking, and each vehicle can only pass through the path nodes after having acquired the authorization of the system. With the algorithm illuminated in this paper, the system can route and schedule vehicles efficiently, and the utilization rate of vehicles can achieve more than 98% and congestion rate of system less than 2%, with an appropriate number of vehicle.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Management of Technology and Innovation,Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	A Path-Net Graph Modeled from an Automated Storage and Retrieval System,Automated Storage & Retrieval Vehicle,Offline Vehicle Routing,Online Vehicle Scheduling
Research of AGV positioning based on the two-dimensional Code Recognition Method	2015	2015 International Conference on Logistics, Informatics and Service Science, LISS 2015	2015 IEEE.The automatic logistics and warehousing handling robot AGV is equipped with non-contact control guide, and use a kind of storage battery as a power source. The computer-controlled automatic guiding AGV is developed on the basis of comprehensive analysis of advantages and disadvantages of various modes of guidance, combining absolute and relative positioning application, ultimately I choose the fusion positioning way of Visual navigation and inertial navigation systems. The visual navigation technology used in this article determine the current AGV car's real time location information through the camera on the AGV robot scan the two-dimensional code, then correct this information directly on the inertial navigation system, and readjust the initial parameters for inertial navigation system in order to effectively guarantee AGV positioning accuracy of robot < ± 20 mm. This article includes theoretical analysis of the feasibility of this approach and specific experimental verification of its reliability, finally through the experimental results shows the positioning methods used to regulate AGV robot localization can control its positioning accuracy within ± 20 mm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Management of Technology and Innovation,Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	AGV,logistics,positioning method,twodimensional code,visual navigation
An intelligent docking station manager for multiple mobile service robots	2015	ICCAS 2015 - 2015 15th International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems, Proceedings	2015 Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems - ICROS.Robot docking stations are of utmost important for service robots like security robots and automated guided vehicles in warehouses which are in continuous operation, and hence require frequent recharging. While a lot of research has been done on designing the actual hardware of the docking station itself, a practical situation of intelligently managing a limited number of docking stations in case of multiple robots has largely been ignored. We propose a docking station manager for multiple mobile service robots, which intelligently allots a mobile robot to the most appropriate docking station, based on the robot's task priority, location awareness of the robot and the docking station, power left in robot, and request order. We demonstrate, through experiments in real environment, that the proposed manager can function intelligently and resolve conflicts when the docking stations are fully occupied. We experimentally tested the proposed station manager in different conditions of varying task priorities, power levels, and emergency conditions of the robots, and found it to be robust to intelligently allocate the most appropriate robot with the appropriate charging dock.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	8	Control and Systems Engineering	intelligent systems,robot docking station manager,Service robots
Kinect camera sensor-based object tracking and following of four wheel independent steering automatic guided vehicle using Kalman filter	2015	ICCAS 2015 - 2015 15th International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems, Proceedings	2015 Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems - ICROS.This paper presents a Kinect camera sensor-based object tracking and following system for the four wheel independent steering automatic guided vehicle (4WIS-AGV) using Kalman filter and backstepping control method. To accomplish this task, the following steps are executed: Firstly, a blue colored object is detected by the Kinect camera sensor using a color-based object detection method and its center coordinates inside the RGB image frames are obtained. The global position coordinates of the detected object and the 4WIS-AGV are obtained using Kinect depth data and NAV200 navigation system. Secondly, a Kalman filter is used to estimate the global position and velocity coordinates of the detected moving object. Thirdly, a backstepping control method using Lyapunov function is adopted for the 4WIS-AGV to perform the object following task. Finally, simulation and experiment are performed to verify the effectiveness of the proposed system. The results show that the 4WIS-AGV with Kinect camera sensor can follow the moving object well with the designed controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Control and Systems Engineering	4WIS-AGV,Backstepping control,Kalman filter,Kinect camera sensor,Lyapunov function,Object following
Control strategies for a humanoid robot to drive and then egress a utility vehicle for remote approach	2015	IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots	2015 IEEE.This paper proposes strategies for the driving and egress of a vehicle with a humanoid robot. To drive the vehicle, the RANSAC method was used to detect obstacles, and the Wagon model was used to control the steering and velocity of the vehicle with only a limited number of sensors which were installed on the humanoid robot. Additionally, a manual tele-operating method was used with the lane projection technique. For the egress motion, gain override and the Cartesian position/force control technique were used to interact with the vehicle structure. To overcome the disadvantages of a highly geared manipulator, a special technique was used that included modelled friction compensation and a non-complementary switching mode. DRC-HUBO+ used the proposed method to perform a vehicle driving and egress task in the DRC finals 2015.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	9	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Human-Computer Interaction,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Force,Friction,Robot kinematics,Robot sensing systems,Vehicles
Demonstrating Danger Theory based threat detection for robotic manufacture protection	2015	IntelliSys 2015 - Proceedings of 2015 SAI Intelligent Systems Conference	2015 IEEE.The aid of automated guided vehicles (AGV) is indispensable for complex manufacturing processes. However, a cyber attack on an AGV or an AGV control centre can easily lead o considerable direct physical damage and further indirect costs due to disruption of manufacturing process. Previous incidents show that most damage comes from previously unseen threats, hose that cannot be prevented by detecting known attack signatures. In this demo, we show an approach to protect industrial process of robotic manufacture facilities from cyber attacks based on Artificial Immune Systems paradigm using Danger Theory.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	anomaly detection,automated guided vehicles,danger theory,intrusion detection,smart environments
Navigation and locomotion of a low-cost Automated Guided Cart	2015	Proceedings of the 2015 Pattern Recognition Association of South Africa and Robotics and Mechatronics International Conference, PRASA-RobMech 2015	2015 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely used for material handling in industry. AGV designs and capabilities vary depending on the complexity of required tasks, the environment and the level of autonomy. As the AGV market is highly competitive, the designer was required to provide a low-cost solution that does not compromise on functionality. An automated guided cart (AGC) is one type of AGV that provides material handling capability with a low level of control and complexity. This research looks at the development of an AGC for use in assembly lines as requested by a local automotive manufacturer. In particular, this paper focuses on the navigation and locomotion aspects of the AGC, but includes discussion of safety and SCADA related topics. A line-following based method of navigation was implemented making use of a magnetic tape and sensor array. The project is based around a commercial PLC which manages the movement and communication of the AGC. The AGC was tested in a working environment and proved to be capable of material handling tasks as defined by the automotive manufacturer.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
Towards an ontology-driven game-based educational platform with automatic student monitoring	2015	Proceedings of 2015 International Conference on Interactive Mobile Communication Technologies and Learning, IMCL 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper presents a new educational platform for young children. It is based mainly on serious games and semantic web. The platform is used to assess and monitor the children' progress and performance in meeting preset learning objectives without any manual intervention. The learning games are used to improve the children's learning outcomes and keep them motivated. The platform monitoring features allow the teachers to focus on the children' achievement of every learning objective and empower also the parents' engagement in their children's learning experience. In fact, they can follow up the children and know their weaknesses and strengths. A new ontology is proposed to map the programs curriculums and learning objectives with the flow-driven game worlds' elements. The children' performance is evaluated through the ontology using information extraction with an automated reasoning mechanism that is guided by a set of inference rules. The platform is implemented in a 3-tier architecture where mobile game applications are used. These games can query and update the ontology in real time through a web service by invoking data management, reasoning, monitoring and reporting operations using Apache Jena Ontology API. The platform can be used to dynamically generate the content of the games based on the children' preferences and acquired knowledge.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Qatar	1	Computer Networks and Communications	Educational games,Ontology information extraction,Rule-based reasoning,Semantic web,Student monitoring
Development of an automated guided vehicle with omnidirectional mobility for transportation of lightweight loads	2015	MATEC Web of Conferences	Owned by the authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2015.The aim of the paper is to design and to develop a control system as well as a navigation system for an omnidirectional automated guided vehicle (AGV) that can be used to transport materials to the pre-determined target location automatically. Omnidirectional drive is employed in this work since it can move in an arbitrary direction continuously without changing orientation of the AGV. This capability is desirable for applications in congested environments. Two experiments were conducted. First, the navigation system based on line following was implemented to transport materials in the factory. Second, model predictive control was used to solve the path following problem of the omnidirectional AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Modeling and tracking of dynamic obstacles for logistic plants using omnidirectional stereo vision	2015	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2015 IEEE.In this work we present an obstacle detection and tracking solution applied to Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in industrial environments. The proposed method relies on information provided by an omnidirectional stereo vision system enabling 360 degree perception around the AGV. The stereo data is transformed into a classified digital elevation map (DEM). Based on this intermediate representation we are able to generate a set of obstacle hypotheses, each represented by a 3D cuboid and a free-form polygonal model. The cuboidal model is used for the classification of each hypothesis as 'Pedestrian', 'AGV', 'Large Obstacle' or 'Small Obstacle', while the free-form polylines are used for object motion estimation relying on an Iterative Closest Point (ICP) method. The obtained measurements are subjected to a Kalman filter based tracking approach, in which the data association takes into account also the classification results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Learning to trick cost-based planners into cooperative behavior	2015	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2015 IEEE.In this paper we consider the problem of routing autonomously guided robots by manipulating the cost space to induce safe trajectories in the work space. Specifically, we examine the domain of UAV traffic management in urban airspaces. Each robot does not explicitly coordinate with other vehicles in the airspace. Instead, the robots execute their own individual internal cost-based planner to travel between locations. Given this structure, our goal is to develop a high-level UAV traffic management (UTM) system that can dynamically adapt the cost space to reduce the number of conflict incidents in the airspace without knowing the internal planners of each robot. We propose a decentralized and distributed system of high-level traffic controllers that each learn appropriate costing strategies via a neuro-evolutionary algorithm. The policies learned by our algorithm demonstrated a 16.4% reduction in the total number of conflict incidents experienced in the airspace while maintaining throughput performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Experimental testing of a semi-autonomous multi-vehicle collision avoidance algorithm at an intersection testbed	2015	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2015 IEEE.This paper describes the implementation of a multi-vehicle supervisor to prevent collisions at intersections. The experiments are performed on an intersection testbed consisting of three RC cars. Here, we account for uncertainty in car dynamics and state measurement, and the presence of an uncontrolled car, which is human-driven. The supervisor overrides the controlled cars only when necessary to avoid a possible future collision. From the experiments, we demonstrate that intersection collisions are averted, that is, the cars continuously and safely run on the paths without stopping 92.8% of the times.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Real-time 3D navigation for autonomous vision-guided MAVs	2015	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2015 IEEE.Autonomous navigation of micro aerial vehicles (MAVs) in a-priori unknown environments is one of the most challenging problems in robotics. First, a MAV has to incrementally build a 3D geometric map from raw sensor data. Then, based on the mapping information, the path planner has to search for a cost-optimal trajectory to the goal in real-time. It is common practice to discretize the search space into a state lattice; by doing so, we reduce the path planning problem with differential constraints to a graph search problem that is easier to solve. However, a regular 3D state lattice requires a large amount of memory while graph search in a regular 3D state lattice incorporating numerous states is computationally intensive. In this paper, we introduce a novel path planning algorithm which extends the concept of a regular state lattice to an octree-based state lattice, and searches for an optimal trajectory in the octree-partitioned search space. Our octree-based state lattice representation discretizes large swathes of free space into few symbolic octants, and thus, encodes a significantly fewer number of states. As a result, memory consumption is kept to a minimum, and at the same time, graph search is made more efficient. Simulation experiments demonstrate the efficiency of path planning with an octree-based state lattice, and further field trials prove the viability of this path planning algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Switzerland	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Cloud robotics paradigm for enhanced navigation of autonomous vehicles in real world industrial applications	2015	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2015 IEEE.Autonomous vehicles require advances sensing technologies, in order to be able to safely share the environment with human operators. Those sensing technologies are in fact necessary for identifying the presence of unforeseen objects, and measuring their position and velocity. Furthermore, classification is necessary for effectively predicting their behavior. In this paper we consider the presence of sensing systems both on-board each vehicle, and installed on infrastructural elements. While the simultaneous presence of multiple sources of information heavily improves the amount (and quality) of available data, it generates the need for effective data fusion and storage systems. Hence, we introduce a centralized cloud service, that is in charge of receiving and merging data acquired by different sensing systems. Those data are then distributed to the autonomous vehicles, that exploit them for implementing advanced navigation strategies. The proposed methodology is validated in a real industrial environment to safely perform obstacle avoidance with an autonomously driven forklift.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Sensor fusion for indoor navigation and tracking of automated guided vehicles	2015	2015 International Conference on Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation, IPIN 2015	2015 IEEE.A novel sensor fusion approach between a wireless Ultra-Wideband (UWB) Indoor Positioning System (IPS) and an Inertial Navigation System (INS) is presented for real-time indoor navigation and tracking of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and Mobile Robots in factories and warehouses. AGV applications are particularly challenging since they require very low position errors and very high position update rates to be able to track the highly dynamic movements in real-time. The sensor fusion algorithm consists of two main blocks: the first is a delay compensation block that compensates the delayed results of position estimation coming from the IPS, while the second block is a multi-rate Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) that combines dynamic models of the movements, delay-compensated position measurements from the IPS and measurements coming from the INS. To validate the proposed sensor fusion approach, extensive tests have been performed on a real-time platform using a combination of an Ubisense UWB IPS and an INS based on two low-cost MEMS accelerometers and one gyroscope mounted on the Flanders Make Badminton Robot performing highly dynamic movements. The results show that the proposed sensor fusion approach is able to deliver a 1 kHz position update rate in real-time operation with a position error standard deviation of 3.7 cm for linear movements and 1.7 degrees for rotational movements. These are significant performance improvements compared to a stand-alone Ubisense UWB indoor positioning system or a standalone inertial navigation system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	16	Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Extended Kalman Filter (EKF),Indoor navigation and tracking,Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU),Inertial Navigation System (INS),Sensor fusion,Ultra Wideband (UWB),Wireless indoor positioning
Indoor mapping using SLAM for applications in Flexible Manufacturing Systems	2015	2015 IEEE 2nd Colombian Conference on Automatic Control, CCAC 2015 - Conference Proceedings	2015 IEEE.This paper presents a Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) architecture applied to the autonomous navigation of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) within a Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). One of the key factors to integrate an AGV into a FMS is related to pick and place tasks, where the AGV is capable to pick and deliver objects within the FSM. To achieve such task, the AGV must first recognize the environment and then navigate throughout the FSM autonomously. Here, we present how a mobile robot can be used for indoor positioning and mapping of an industrial facility. To this purpose, we have developed an open-source software package based on the Robot Operating System (ROS) platform that can be easily integrated into an AGV such as the KUKA youBot. This article describes the ROS-based metapackage called kuka youbot arch and the experiments carried out for assessing the SLAM arquitecture performance in terms of mapping accuracy and proper navigation within de FSM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Colombia	3	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Finding optimal dwell points for automated guided vehicles in general guide-path layouts	2015	International Journal of Production Economics	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.The dwell points for idle vehicles in an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system determine the response times for pick-up requests and thus affect the performance of automated manufacturing systems. In this paper, we address the problem of optimally locating dwell points for a given number of AGVs in a general guide-path layout. Based on an optimality property, we propose new mixed integer linear programming (MILP) formulations for three versions of the problem: (i) minimizing the mean response time in the system, (ii) minimizing the maximum response time in the system, and (iii) minimizing the maximum response time in the system considering time restrictions on vehicle availability. Given that the computational time required to solve the MILP models significantly increases with the size of the guide-path network and number of available AGVs, we also develop a generic genetic algorithm (GA) that can be applied to all three versions of the problem. A computational study is carried out on the single-loop layout and two special cases of two-dimensional grid networks with the objectives of minimizing mean response time and minimizing the maximum response time. The results show that the proposed GA procedure can yield optimal or near optimal solutions in reasonable time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle system,Dwell point location,Genetic algorithm,Mixed integer linear programming model
Hybrid multiobjective genetic algorithms for integrated dynamic scheduling and routing of jobs and automated-guided vehicle (AGV) in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) environment	2015	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.The paper presents an algorithm for integrated scheduling, dispatching, and conflict-free routing of jobs and AGVs in FMS environment using a hybrid genetic algorithm. The algorithm generates an integrated schedule and detail routing paths while optimizing makespan, AGV travel time, and penalty cost due to jobs tardiness and delay as a result of conflict avoidance. The multi-objective fitness function use adaptive weight approach to assign weights to each objective for every generation based on objective improvement performance. Fuzzy expert system is used to control genetic operators using the overall population performance improvements of the last two previous generations. Computational experiments was conducted on the developed algorithm coded in Matlab to test the effectiveness of the algorithm. Integrated scheduling of jobs in FMS which are in synchrony with AGV dispatching, scheduling, and routing proved to ensure the feasibility and effectiveness of all the solutions of the integrated constituent elements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	63	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV dispatching,AGV routing,Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Hybrid genetic algorithm (HGA),Integrated scheduling,Machine learning,Multiobjective genetic algorithm (MOGA),Production planning
Risk assessment for multiple automated guided vehicle manufacturing network	2015	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2015 Elsevier B.V.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are moving devices for material handling in a manufacturing system through a network of guide paths. The network is configured of nodes of work stations and arcs of guide paths. To obtain this more availability of the system having reliable arcs are desirable. Advanced manufacturing systems feasibility is considered via economic evaluation. Thus, this work proposes a risk based dynamic program to determine more reliable arcs for fortification purposes. With respect to the multi stage decision making process of the multiple AGVs on different arcs, we develop a dynamic program being a useful tool for multi stage decision making. To counteract the dynamism of data in different time periods, Bayesian approach is employed to determine the loss function of moving through the stages of the proposed AGV routing network. By increasing the number of nodes and AGVs the problem is considered in NP-hard class, and thus the required effort for optimization motivates to develop a heuristic solution approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Bayesian approach,Dynamic program,Loss function,Manufacturing network,Risk assessment
A reinforcement learning based approach for a multiple-load carrier scheduling problem	2015	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.This paper studies the problem of scheduling a multiple-load carrier which is used to deliver parts to line-side buffers of a general assembly (GA) line. In order to maximize the reward of the GA line, both the throughput of the GA line and the material handling distance are considered as scheduling criteria. After formulating the scheduling problem as a reinforcement learning (RL) problem by defining state features, actions and the reward function, we develop a Q(λ) RL algorithm based scheduling approach. To improve performance, forecasted information such as quantities of parts required in a look-ahead horizon is used when we define state features and actions in formulation. Other than applying traditional material handling request generating policy, we use a look-ahead based request generating policy with which material handling requests are generated based not only on current buffer information but also on future part requirement information. Moreover, by utilizing a heuristic dispatching algorithm, the approach is able to handle future requests as well as existing ones. To evaluate the performance of the approach, we conduct simulation experiments to compare the proposed approach with other approaches. Numerical results demonstrate that the policies obtained by the RL approach outperform other approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Look-ahead scheduling,Materials handling,Multi-criteria decision making,Multiple-load carrier scheduling,Reinforcement learning
The application of service robots for logistics in manufacturing processes	2015	Advances in Production Engineering and Management	2015 PEI, University of Maribor. All rights reserved.The introduction of service robots AGVs (automatic guided vehicles) into manufacturing processes is one of the more important qualitative shifts in the automation of transport operations in the manufacturing, assembly lines, as well as storages. Given the large number of applications, service robots in logistics offer a wide range of different technical and exploitative solutions. Service robots AGVs are primarily used for the realization of internal transport processes. Service logistics robots in the manufacturing processes have a very large estimate of the significance of factors when it comes to physical labour reduction. The investment in installing service robots is amortized much faster provided that the service robots work 24 hours a day. The investment in service robots for logistics is repaid within 2-3 years, and such a system works for about 15 years, operating costs are around 2-4 % annual investment, operation availability is approximately 98.5 %, a high productivity, optimized costs and processing time. This paper presents the annual application of service robots in logistics, as well as applications of AGVs service robots with different structures in the manufacturing processes, in confined areas and open spaces, such as shipping containers in ports.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Bosnia and Herzegovina	15	Nuclear and High Energy Physics,Mechanical Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Assembly process,Automatic guided vehicles,Logistics,Manufacturing process,Service roots,Transportation
Decision models for the design, optimization and management of warehousing and material handling systems	2015	International Journal of Production Economics	The Special Issue of International Journal of Production Economics discusses the development and application of advanced models, solutions and technologies in warehousing and MH; i.e., models, methods, algorithms, tools, and new technologies for the design, management and optimization of systems and devices as well as the use of effective software and hardware solutions to move products within the supply chain and through production/distribution systems. Fichtinger and colleagues present an integrated inventory and ware- house simulation model to study the effects of inventory management on warehouse-related greenhouse gas emissions. Cardona and colleagues present a new approach to generate a three-dimensional detailed design of a non-traditional layout, the so-called fishbone layout, minimizing the total operational cost of the warehouse, i.e. the area cost and the material handling cost. Ventura and colleagues face the problem of optimally locating dwell points for idle vehicles for a given number of automated guided vehicle (AGVs) in a general guide-path layout. Hong and colleagues present a paper concerned with the bucket brigade approach to OP, where the operators are placed in series and work is passed from one operator to the next.	Journal	j	ed	Editorial	Italy	20	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
A novel reactive navigation control strategy for articulated underground trackless vehicles	2015	Gongcheng Kexue Xuebao/Chinese Journal of Engineering	All right reserved.This paper introduces an autonomous navigation control strategy for articulated underground trackless vehicles. The steering angle, heading angle deviation and the vehicle body front axle center position deviation are defined according to the kinematics of articulated vehicles and the relative relationship between articulated vehicles and underground tunnels. A prediction model is constructed based on the kinematic model of articulated vehicles, and it is combined with a fuzzy logic controller to control the steering. A switching controller between different driving modes is built based on the dynamic model of articulated vehicles to control the vehicle speed. Simulation and experimental results of the protype of an articulated underground vehicle show that the vehicle can travel along the tunnel model in high speed and its working efficiency increases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Control strategies,Navigation,Prediction models,Trackless vehicles,Underground mining
An integrated optimization of location assignment and storage/retrieval scheduling in multi-shuttle automated storage/retrieval systems	2015	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.This paper deals with the location assignment and storage/retrieval scheduling problem simultaneously in multi-shuttle automated storage/retrieval systems. Both the situations of performing a single operation cycle and multiple operation cycles are considered. Two related models, including an integer programming model and a dynamic programming model, are developed to formulate the problem. A two-phase tabu search algorithm is proposed to solve the integer programming model for the situation of performing a single operation cycle. Based on the search results, a construction heuristic is developed to improve the solution for the situation of performing multiple operation cycles. The computational results show that the two-phase tabu search algorithm can find better solutions than GA + MNN methods especially for the large-sized problems. In addition, it reveals that the construction heuristic can also significantly improve the quality of the solution for the situation of performing multiple operation cycles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated storage and retrieval system,Construction heuristic,Location assignment,Multi-shuttle,Storage/retrieval scheduling,Two-phase tabu search
Comparative evaluation of resource cycle strategies on operating and environmental impact in container terminals	2015	Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment	2015 Elsevier Ltd.This paper examines the use of single and dual cycle operations for three types of resources, namely, quay cranes, vehicles, and yard cranes to improve the operating efficiency and reduce the energy consumption in a container terminal. Various cycle strategies are proposed and their corresponding estimation models, describing the stowage distributions of outbound and inbound containers on a ship and the storage sharing level of blocks in the yard, are formulated to estimate the total number of cycles for the resources. Statistical analyses are conducted to evaluate and compare the effect of different cycle strategies on the cycle reductions. From the experiment results, it was found that collaboration between resources with the single cycle operation always outperforms that under the dual cycle operation without collaboration.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	7	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation,Environmental Science (all)	Container terminals,Cycle reduction,Cycle strategies,Dual cycles,Energy consumptions,Operating efficiency
Using battery-electric AGVs in container terminals - Assessing the potential and optimizing the economic viability	2015	Research in Transportation Business and Management	2015 Elsevier Ltd.Many large container terminalsmake use of diesel-powered automated guided vehicles (AGVs) to transport containers between quay cranes and container storage, thereby ensuring a high degree of productivity. However, battery-powered AGVs (B-AGVs) appear to have several economic, environmental, and technical advantages compared to conventional transport fleets. In this study, we use data from a large-scale electric mobility project conducted in a container terminal using B-AGVs in combination with a battery-swapping station to assess the cost efficiency of this emerging transport technology based on a total cost of ownership analysis. Furthermore, we adapt researchmethodologies fromthe fields of operations research (optimization) and informatics (simulation) to improve the profitability of B-AGVs. Our findings indicate that the use of B-AGVs is economically beneficial in closed transport systems while several strategies can be used to further increase their profitability. Most promising from an economic perspective is shifting charging processes to off-peak hours, yielding lower energy procurement costs. In this context, terminal operators can achieve savings in total expenditures of more than 10% compared to a diesel-powered transport fleet.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	13	Decision Sciences (all),Business and International Management,Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Tourism, Leisure and Hospitality Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Battery-powered AGVs,Container terminal,Simulation model,Total cost of ownership analysis
Dynamic properties of fuzzy Petri net model and related analysis	2015	Journal of Central South University	2015, Central South University Press and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Fuzzy Petri net (FPN) has been extensively applied in industrial fields for knowledge-based systems or systems with uncertainty. Although the applications of FPN are known to be successful, the theoretical research of FPN is still at an initial stage. To pave a way for further study, this work explores related dynamic properties of FPN including reachability, boundedness, safeness, liveness and fairness. The whole methodology is divided into two phases. In the first phase, a comparison between elementary net system (EN_system) and FPN is established to prove that the FPN is an extensive formalism of Petri nets using a backwards-compatible extension method. Next, current research results of dynamic properties are utilized to analyze FPN model. The results illustrate that FPN model is bounded, safe, weak live and fair, and can support theoretical evidences for designing related decomposition algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	3	Engineering (all),Metals and Alloys	backwards-compatible extension method,dynamic properties,elementary net system,fuzzy Petri net
Identifying the key organisational human factors for introducing human-robot collaboration in industry: an exploratory study	2015	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.The concept of industrial human-robot collaboration (HRC) is becoming increasing integrated into production lines as a means for enhancing productivity and product quality. Previous literature suggests that the implementation of any technological change should not merely be seen as an engineering challenge. Inattention to the human element has been highlighted a major barrier impeding organisations from grasping the full benefits of the technological change being introduced. With the concept of industrial HRC still at its infancy, it is crucial to understand which organisational human factors are of most importance. To our knowledge, a framework with the key organisational human factors that need to be considered by organisations for the successful implementation of industrial HRC does not exist. To this end, the aim of this work is to develop a human factors framework of the key organisational human factors that influence the success of industrial HRC implementation. A theoretical framework was developed which collected the key organisational human factors by reviewing comparable contexts to HRC. Following this, to identify whether the organisational human factors outlined in the theoretical framework were enablers or barriers, an industrial exploratory case study was conducted where traditional manual work was being automated. The implications from this exploratory case study make the first attempt to provide organisations with a roadmap of the key organisational human factors that need to be considered for the implementation of industrial HRC Furthermore, the inter-relations between the organisational human factors are highlighted as well as further work.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Exploratory study,Framework,Human factors,Human-robot collaboration,Industrial,Organisation
Estimation of energy consumption on arbitrary trajectories of an omnidirectional automated guided vehicle	2015	Proceedings of the 2015 IEEE 8th International Conference on Intelligent Data Acquisition and Advanced Computing Systems: Technology and Applications, IDAACS 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper presents an approach to estimate the energy consumption of an omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) equipped with four Mecanum wheels for any given trajectory. We derive an energy model for such a robot using experimental data, and perform the estimation by applying the trajectory's translational and rotational velocity profiles to it. These profiles are given as the output of a motion planning algorithm. The results can then be used to compare different trajectories between fixed starting and goal poses. Instead of employing universal function approximators such as artificial neural networks, we use a model based on polynomial functions to derive a better understanding of the physical effects at work.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Management Science and Operations Research,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Biomedical Engineering	None
Error detection on precise laser scanner based navigation	2015	2015 25th International Conference on Information, Communication and Automation Technologies, ICAT 2015 - Proceedings	2015 IEEE.Autonomous guided vehicles have major benefits in terms of a rail bound conveyor technology because they are able to respond flexibly to changes in the application area. In many areas, safety-related position detection is necessary to avoid accidents. Derived from this position the driving speed in the work areas can be reduced in a safe way and minimum distances can also be observed in a safe manner. For this purpose, it is necessary to permanently control the measured position with regard to the disturbance variables and precision of measurements and in case of a deviation they have to be corrected in a highly reliable way. The solutions that are known so far do all imply two sensors that monitor each other. In the approach shown here, the required diagnostic coverage for a safety-related position determination is achieved through the use of only one laser scanner as well as through the help of algorithms that are implemented in a safety-related evaluation control. The focus of this paper is set on the position and orientation errors that are caused by measurement deviations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous guided vehicle,barcode,failure detection,functional safety,laser scanner,Safe position detection
Vision calibration for automated guided vehicle based on static and motion two states	2015	Proceedings of 2015 International Conference on Fluid Power and Mechatronics, FPM 2015	2015 IEEE.A vision calibration technique based on two states of static and motion was proposed for a vision-based automated guided vehicle. Firstly, intrinsic parameters, radial distortion parameters and external parameters were estimated using planar template in static scene, and then union model of correcting distortions was designed for three individual image distortion models. Finally, rotation and translation parameters between corrected image and automated guided vehicle coordinate system can be calibrated in two motion cases. Experimental results show that the technique has the features of good flexibility and high precision.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes,Mechanical Engineering	automated guided vehicle,camera calibration,image correction,image distortion
Design and implementation of RFID line-follower robot system with color detection capability using fuzzy logic	2015	ICCEREC 2015 - International Conference on Control, Electronics, Renewable Energy and Communications	2015 IEEE.Recent mobilization and transportation system in an industrial complex or in an office building, generally still using manual operated system. It has weaknesses in operation time, precision and operator/user authorization. There's a need to make complementary system to overcome those weaknesses. One of the available solution is to use AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) robot systems, one of the example of this system is line-follower robot., In this study, the line-follower robot is designed to detect different color lines which represent different route, and restrict the operator authorization. This system use microcontroller with fuzzy logic implementation, using Mamdani model inference method. To detect lines, robot is equipped with LED and LDR-based color sensor, and RFID-based identification/authorization system. Output of the system is robot movement, so the robot can follow the guide lines., From the test results, the completed system shows the system is capable to detect different color lines with 100% accuracy in 10-bit ADC value. It also capable to restrict operator authorization in pair with the stated RFID cards with 100% success result. Robot is able to move according to the predetermined guide lines from RFID card input with the maximum speed at 0.083m/s.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	6	Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Control and Systems Engineering	Fuzzy Logic,LDR,LED,Line-Follower,Mamdani,RFID
Genetic routing Algorithm based on adjacency-constraint matrix	2015	2015 4th International Conference on Software Engineering and Computer Systems, ICSECS 2015: Virtuous Software Solutions for Big Data	2015 IEEE.MANETs are systematic infrastructureless networks formed of nodes that act as sender, receiver, or router. Node mobility causes frequent topology changes which have negative impact on the network connectivity and performance. Therefore, routing is a serious challenge in such a dynamic environment as reliable paths and most efficient are always required between sources and their destinations. This paper presents routing algorithm based on an adjacency-constraint matrix using Genetic Algorithm (GA). GA presents the feasible paths that encoded in chromosomes that created based on the connectivity matrix. The evaluation function that is based on the adjacency-constraint matrix calculates the fitness values to select the most efficient path. With only two constraints, the performance simulation results of the proposed method showed that it outperforms Dynamic Source Routing (DSR) in term of transmission delay, which is decreased by about 25%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Software	DSR,GA,MANET,Routing algorithm
Control and diagnosis in integrated product development - Observations during the development of an AGV	2015	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This paper is concerned with the integration of control and diagnosis functionalities into the development of complete systems which include mechanical, electrical and electronic subsystems. For the development of such systems the strategies, methods and tools of integrated product development have attracted significant attention during the last decades. Today, it is generally observed that product development processes of complex systems can only be successful if the activities in the different domains are well connected and synchronised and if an ongoing communication is present - an ongoing communication spanning the technical domains and also including functions such as production planning, marketing/distribution, quality assurance, service and project planning. Obviously, numerous approaches to tackle this challenge are present in scientific literature and in industrial practice, as well. Today, the functionality and safety of most products is to a large degree dependent on control and diagnosis functionalities. Still, there is comparatively little research concentrating on the integration of the development of these functionalities into the overall product development processes. The main source of insight of the presented research is the product development process of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) which is intended to be used on rough terrain. The paper starts with a background describing Integrated Product Development. The second section deals with the product development of the sample product. The third part summarizes some insights and formulates first hypotheses concerning control and diagnosis in Integrated Product Development.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Coordination of mobile-robot system with behavior based architecture	2015	ARPN Journal of Engineering and Applied Sciences	2006-2015 Asian Research Publishing Network (ARPN).In this paper we propose an algorithm for coordinating a group of mobile robots that go through predefined paths in a dynamic industrial workplace. The coordination is characterized by a decoupled approach. Then, a behavior-based architecture be used as the underlying control representation providers a useful encoding that lends robustness to control. Some robot behaviors be designed to support for accomplishing industrial task. Four Lego Mindstorms robots used to implement the proposed algorithm. This research tackles the coordination movement issue in material handling in order to minimize the delivery time. Several experiment have been done to know performances of the system. The promising results have been proved that the proposed control architecture has better capability to accomplish useful task in real industrial-like environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Indonesia	3	Engineering (all)	Behavior-based architecture,Coordination system,Mobile robot,Multi-robot
Decentralized model predictive control for smooth coordination of automated vehicles at intersection	2015	2015 European Control Conference, ECC 2015	2015 EUCA.We consider the problem of coordinating a set of automated vehicles at an intersection with no traffic light. The priority-based coordination framework is adopted to separate the problem into a priority assignment problem and a vehicle control problem under fixed priorities. This framework ensures good properties like safety (collision-free trajectories, brake-safe control) and liveness (no gridlock). We propose a decentralized Model Predictive Control (MPC) approach where vehicles solve local optimization problems in parallel, ensuring them to cross the intersection smoothly. The proposed decentralized MPC scheme considers the requirements of efficiency, comfort and fuel economy and ensures the smooth behaviors of vehicles. Moreover, it maintains the system-wide safety property of the priority-based framework. Simulations are performed to illustrate the benefits of our approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	33	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Comparison of magnetic couplers for inductive electric vehicle charging using accurate numerical simulation and statistical methods	2015	2015 5th International Conference on Electric Drives Production, EDPC 2015 - Proceedings	2015 IEEE.Inductive power transfer (IPT) systems developed rapidly in the last years. Nowadays, IPT systems are widely used in a variety of applications, such as automated guided vehicles, electric vehicles, or buses. Within this broad range of applications, IPT systems vary significantly in capacity, in their range of air gap, and in their maximum lateral displacement. In order to take these requirements of various car classifications and power classes into account, a comprehensive overview of various magnetic couplers is given in this paper. Moreover, their optimal field of application is identified. The comparison does not only include known geometries of magnetic coupler topologies, which are already current state of research, but also modifications of these geometries and further topologies. At first, specific strengths and weaknesses of the geometries are highlighted in terms of previously defined evaluation criteria. For this purpose, validated and verified numerical simulations are applied. Furthermore, variations of air gap and lateral misalignment are considered by correlation analyses. In the second part, the previously analyzed geometries are grouped by carrying out a cluster analysis. In the end, the optimal field of application for each group is identified.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	13	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Coil design,Correlation analysis,Electric vehicles,Finite element modeling,Inductive power transfer (IPT)
A ToF-Camera as a 3D Vision Sensor for Autonomous Mobile Robotics	2015	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	2015 Author(s). Licensee InTech.The aim of this paper is to deploy a time-of-flight (ToF) based photonic mixer device (PMD) camera on an Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV) whose overall target is to traverse from one point to another in hazardous and hostile environments employing obstacle avoidance without human intervention. The hypothesized approach of applying a ToF Camera for an AGV is a suitable approach to autonomous robotics because, as the ToF camera can provide three-dimensional (3D) information at a low computational cost, it is utilized to extract information about obstacles after their calibration and ground testing and is mounted and integrated with the Pioneer mobile robot. The workspace is a two-dimensional (2D) world map which has been divided into a grid/cells, where the collision-free path defined by the graph search algorithm is a sequence of cells the AGV can traverse to reach the target. PMD depth data is used to populate traversable areas and obstacles by representing a grid/cells of suitable size. These camera data are converted into Cartesian coordinates for entry into a workspace grid map. A more optimal camera mounting angle is needed and adopted by analysing the camera's performance discrepancy, such as pixel detection, the detection rate and the maximum perceived distances, and infrared (IR) scattering with respect to the ground surface. This mounting angle is recommended to be half the vertical field-of-view (FoV) of the PMD camera. A series of still and moving tests are conducted on the AGV to verify correct sensor operations, which show that the postulated application of the ToF camera in the AGV is not straightforward. Later, to stabilize the moving PMD camera and to detect obstacles, a tracking feature detection algorithm and the scene flow technique are implemented to perform a real-time experiment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	9	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	3D ToF Camera,Path-planning,Pioneer Mobile Robots,PMD Camera
Energy-efficient container handling using hybrid model predictive control	2015	International Journal of Control	2015 Taylor & Francis.The performance of container terminals needs to be improved to adapt the growth of containers while maintaining sustainability. This paper provides a methodology for determining the trajectory of three key interacting machines for carrying out the so-called bay handling task, involving transporting containers between a vessel and the stacking area in an automated container terminal. The behaviours of the interacting machines are modelled as a collection of interconnected hybrid systems. Hybrid model predictive control (MPC) is proposed to achieve optimal performance, balancing the handling capacity and energy consumption. The underlying control problem is hereby formulated as a mixed-integer linear programming problem. Simulation studies illustrate that a higher penalty on energy consumption indeed leads to improved sustainability using less energy. Moreover, simulations illustrate how the proposed energy-efficient hybrid MPC controller performs under different types of uncertainties.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	automated container terminals,hybrid dynamical systems,model predictive control
A dispatching and routing algorithm for personal rapid transit by considering congestion	2015	Transactions of the Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers	Copyright The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers.Personal rapid transit (PRT) is getting attention as a new form of transportation. It is energy efficient and provides the high level of passenger service. In this study, the dynamic PRT dispatching and routing problem is dealt with. Passengers request transportation service on a complex network, and an operating system monitors passenger arrivals and coordinates vehicles in real time. A new online dispatching and routing algorithm is proposed, which minimizes the total travel distance of vehicles and the waiting time of passengers. The algorithm dispatches vehicles by considering multiple vehicles' state and multiple passengers at the same time. In particular, finding the shortest-time path is attempted by taking into account the future congestion on lanes. Discrete-event simulation is employed to validate the performance of the proposed algorithm. The results show the algorithm in this study outperforms others.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Congestion,Dynamic pickup and delivery,Personal rapid transit(PRT),Vehicle dispatching and routing
Control of interacting machines in automated container terminals using a sequential planning approach for collision avoidance	2015	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2015 Elsevier Ltd.The control of automated container terminals is complex since Quay Cranes (QCs), Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and Automated Stacking Cranes (ASCs) interact intensively for transporting containers, while collision avoidance of equipment must be ensured. This paper proposes a methodology to generate collision-free trajectories of free-ranging AGVs in automated container terminals, while minimizing the makespan of the whole container handling system. A hierarchical control architecture is proposed to integrate the scheduling of interacting machines and trajectory planning of AGVs. Following a so-called overall graph sequence by a scheduler, the collision-free trajectories of AGVs are determined by solving a collection of mixed integer linear programming problems sequentially. Simulation results illustrate the potential of the proposed methodology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	24	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminals,Collision avoidance,Free-ranging AGVs,Scheduling
Green vehicle technology to enhance the performance of a European port: A simulation model with a cost-benefit approach	2015	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2015 Elsevier Ltd.In this paper, we study the impact of using a new intelligent vehicle technology on the performance and total cost of a European port, in comparison with existing vehicle systems like trucks. Intelligent autonomous vehicles (IAVs) are a new type of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) with better maneuverability and a special ability to pick up/drop off containers by themselves. To identify the most economical fleet size for each type of vehicle to satisfy the port's performance target, and also to compare their impact on the performance/cost of container terminals, we developed a discrete-event simulation model to simulate all port activities in micro-level (low-level) details. We also developed a cost model to investigate the present values of using two types of vehicle, given the identified fleet size. Results of using the different types of vehicles are then compared based on the given performance measures such as the quay crane net moves per hour and average total discharging/loading time at berth. Besides successfully identifying the optimal fleet size for each type of vehicle, simulation results reveal two findings: first, even when not utilising their ability to pick up/drop off containers, the IAVs still have similar efficacy to regular trucks thanks to their better maneuverability. Second, enabling IAVs' ability to pick up/drop off containers significantly improves the port performance. Given the best configuration and fleet size as identified by the simulation, we use the developed cost model to estimate the total cost needed for each type of vehicle to meet the performance target. Finally, we study the performance of the case study port with advanced real-time vehicle dispatching/scheduling and container placement strategies. This study reveals that the case study port can greatly benefit from upgrading its current vehicle dispatching/scheduling strategy to a more advanced one.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	28	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles,Container terminals,Cost-benefit analysis,Discrete-event simulation,Fleet sizing,Intelligent autonomous vehicles
Indoor Positioning of a Robotic Walking Assistant for Large Public Environments	2015	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	1963-2012 IEEE.Indoor localization and position tracking are essential to support applications and services for ambient-assisted living. While the problem of indoor localization is still open and already quite complex per se, in large public places, additional issues of cost, accuracy, and scalability arise. In this paper, the position estimation and tracking technique developed within the project devices for assisted living (DALi) is described, analyzed through simulations, and finally validated by means of a variety of experiments on the field. The goal of the DALi project is to design a robotic wheeled walker guiding people with psychomotor problems. Indeed, people with motor or cognitive impairments are often afraid of moving in large and crowded environments (e.g., because they could lose the sense of direction). In order to mitigate this problem, the position tracking approach described in this paper is based on multisensor data fusion and it is conceived to assure a good tradeoff between target accuracy, level of confidence, and deployment costs. Quite interestingly, the same approach could be used for indoor automated guided vehicles and robotics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	37	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Assistive devices,Kalman filtering,navigation,performance evaluation,position measurement,sensor fusion
Horizontal operations scheduling optimization of automated lifting vehicles at automated container terminal	2015	Dalian Haishi Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Dalian Maritime University	2015, Editorial Office of Journal of Dalian Maritime University. All right reserved.For the coordination scheduling optimization problems between automated lifting vehicles (ALV) and quayside container cranes, based on loading and unloading operation mode and considering the time series constraint when ALV handling events happened and the time windows constraint of quay handling events, a bi-objective mathematical formulation was proposed in view of the dual cycle-loading/unloading simultaneously in quayside operation. The operation sequences of ALVs were optimized, the compared results of the optimized as well as the time costs under different constraints were gained and the optimized practicality was proved. Four experiment scenarios were performed to further analyze those abovementioned results. Effects of parameter changes and the model features were analyzed by adjusting parameters. Comparison results show that the ALV total time costs increase with the amount of container handling task and the length of ALV preparation time, while reduce with the time windows increasing. The faster the speed of ALVs is, the more adaptations of time windows changes it gets.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Engineering (miscellaneous),Ocean Engineering	Automated container terminal (ACT),Automated lifting vehicles (ALV),Mixed-integer program,Scheduling optimization,Time windows
Path Tracking of Mobile Robot in Crops: Performance Evaluations of Position Control	2015	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	2013, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.Evaluation of the performance of three controllers: adaptive PID, model reference adaptive controller, and fuzzy controller, is presented, applied to a mobile robot for autonomous path tracking in a crop. Different tests are run in a simulation environment in order to compare the same trajectory performed under each of those controllers. The tests are designed and implemented using Simulink® programming tools, making the robot follow a desired path across the crop. The results are compared considering the different error indices, curves and actuator requirements of each controller, in order to arrange them in different categories.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Chile	15	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Controllers,Evaluation,Mobile robot,Trajectories
Lexicographic Multiobjective Integer Programming for Optimal and Structurally Minimal Petri Net Supervisors of Automated Manufacturing Systems	2015	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2015 IEEE.Based on Petri net (PN) models of automated manufacturing systems, this paper proposes a deadlock prevention method to obtain a maximally permissive (optimal) supervisor while minimizing its structure. The optimal supervisor can be achieved by forbidding all first-met bad markings (FBMs) and permitting all legal markings in a PN model. An FBM obtained via a single transition's firing at a legal marking is a deadlock or marking that inevitably evolves into a deadlock. A lexicographic multiobjective integer programming problem with multiple objectives to be achieved sequentially is formulated to design such an optimal and structurally minimal supervisor. As a nonlinear function, the quantity of its directed arcs is minimized. A conversion method is proposed to convert the nonlinear model into a linear one. With the premise that each place in the supervisor is associated with a nonnegative place invariant, the controlled net holds all legal markings of the net model, and the supervisor has the minimal structure. Finally, some examples are used to illustrate the application of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	28	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system (AMS),deadlock prevention,discrete event system,linear programming problem,Petri net (PN)
Coordination of Automated Vehicles at Intersections: Decision, Efficiency and Control	2015	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2015 IEEE.This papers studies the kind of control that is needed to efficiently coordinate multiple automated vehicles. An intersection is chosen in order to present the main concept but consequences of this work also hold for other areas of cooperation, such as lane changes or maneuvers in parking lots. We chose the classical framework for multi-robots systems: the coordination space i.e. we assume the future paths are known and fixed. The problem is to coordinate the speeds of the vehicles. We first prove a theorem stating that a smooth feedback control cannot always avoid gridlocks: for more than 2 vehicles, there are always starting states ending into gridlocks. The paper then proposes some ways to avoid this drawback, leading to a better conceptual way to take decision in such a cooperative system, in order to have provable efficient decision and control.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Improving AGV systems: Integration of advanced sensing and control technologies	2015	Proceedings - 2015 IEEE 11th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper focuses on the integration of advanced sensing and control technologies into advanced systems of multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). In particular, we focus on the key technologies developed within the Plug-and-Navigate Robots (PAN-Robots) project, highlighting how those results contribute to improving the performance of AGV systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	5	Artificial Intelligence,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Graph SLAM based mapping for AGV localization in large-scale warehouses	2015	Proceedings - 2015 IEEE 11th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2015	2015 IEEE.The operation of industrial Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) today requires designated infrastructure and readily available maps for their localization. In logistics, high effort and investment is necessary to enable the introduction of AGVs. Within the SICK AG coordinated EU-funded research project PAN-Robots we aim to reduce the installation time and costs dramatically by semi-automated plant exploration and localization based on natural landmarks. In this paper, we present our current mapping and localization results based on measurement data acquired at the site of our project partner Coca-Cola Iberian Partners in Bilbao, Spain. We evaluate our solution in terms of accuracy of the map, i.e. comparing landmark position estimates with a ground truth map of millimeter accuracy. The localization results are shown based on artificial landmarks as well as natural landmarks (gridmaps) based on the same graph based optimization solution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	14	Artificial Intelligence,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Interacting with a multi AGV system	2015	Proceedings - 2015 IEEE 11th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper introduces a novel Human Machine Interface (HMI) that allows users to interact with a fleet of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) used for logistics operations in industrial environments. The interface is developed for providing operators with information regarding the fleet of AGVs, and the status of the industrial environment. Information is provided in an intuitive manner, utilizing a three-dimensional representation of the elements in the environment. The HMI also allows operators to influence the behavior of the fleet of AGVs, manually inserting missions to be accomplished.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	2	Artificial Intelligence,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Fisheye optics for omnidirectional stereo camera: Performance evaluation for AGV applications	2015	Proceedings - 2015 IEEE 11th International Conference on Intelligent Computer Communication and Processing, ICCP 2015	2015 IEEE.Omnidirectional stereo cameras have been proposed to be applied as a safety sensor in automated guided vehicles. As a part of the EC-funded PAN-Robots project, a custom designed high performance omnidirectional stereo camera with fisheye objectives was designed and manufactured. This paper shows the results of the optical and environmental tests which were done for the fisheye objectives and for the omnidirectional stereo camera system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	3	Artificial Intelligence,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	automated vehicles,environment perception,fisheye lens,lens measurements,Omnidirectional imaging,safety application
A full error dynamics switching modeling and control scheme for an articulated vehicle	2015	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2015, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.In this article, a complete analysis towards the development of a switching modeling and control framework for an articulated vehicle, under the effect of varying slip angles will be presented. The established nonlinear kinematic model, of the nonholonomic articulated vehicle, will be transformed into an error dynamics model, which in the sequel will be linearized around multiple nominal slip angle cases. The proposed control architecture will consist of a switching control scheme, based on multiple model predictive controllers, for the articulated vehicle under varying slip angles. The controllers will be developed in order to improve the performance of the articulated vehicle’s path tracking, while compensating the varying slippage effect. The current measured slip angle is being considered as the switching rule and a corresponding switching control scheme is being defined, being able to apply constraints on the states, the control signal and the output variables. Both the non-slip and slip models will be derived to highlight the significance of accounting for slips in path following control and their significant effect on deteriorating the performance of the overall control scheme when not considered. Multiple simulation results will be presented to prove the efficacy of the overall suggested scheme.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Articulated vehicle,kinematic model,model predictive control,slip angle
Translation validation of transformations of embedded system specifications using equivalence checking	2015	Proceedings of IEEE Computer Society Annual Symposium on VLSI, ISVLSI	2015 IEEE.In the last two decades extensive research has been conducted addressing the design methodology of embedded systems and their verification. The initial behavioural specification of an embedded system goes through significant optimizing transformations, automated and also human-guided, before being mapped to an architecture. Establishing the validity of these transformations is crucial to ensure that the intended behaviourof a system has not been faultily altered during synthesis. State-of-the-art verification methods fail to cope with the complexity of the problem. So, we have devised some efficient translation validation methodologies to handle diverse code transformations, in the initial part of our work, we have worked with the Finite State Machine with Data path (FSMD) model and its extension to validate various code motion techniques, in the latter part, we have designed an equivalence checking method around the Array Data-Dependence Graph(ADDG) model, which provides a more suitable framework to reason about index spaces of array variables, to verify loop transformations and arithmetic transformations in the presence of recurrences, we have also shown how to relate our path based equivalence checking mechanisms with that of bisimulation based verification techniques by deriving bisimulation relations from the outputs of our equivalence checkers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Array Data-Dependence Graph (ADDG),Bisimulation,Code Transformations,Finite State Machine with Datapath (FSMD),Recurrence,Translation Validation
Job-shop cell-scheduling problem with inter-cell moves and automated guided vehicles	2015	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.This paper addresses part scheduling problems (CPS problems) in the context of the need for exceptional parts to visit machines among cells and to be transferred via an automated guided vehicle (AGV) in order to minimize the process make-span. A nonlinear mathematical programming model is proposed to determine the sequences of the parts processed on the machines, which is solved by a two-stage heuristic algorithm. Because of the complexity of the CPS problem, it is divided into two sub-problems: the Intra-cell part scheduling problem (Intra-CPS) and the Inter-CPS. The two-stage heuristic algorithm consists of a local search combined genetic algorithm (LSC-GA) whose neighborhood is based on the disjunctive graph model and a heuristic algorithm for finding a lower make-span through roulette selection (LMW-HEU). When solving the Intra-CPS problem, the sequence of parts processed by each machine and the sequence of parts to be transferred by AGV within manufacturing cells are determined cell by cell by the LSC-GA. Then, the sequence of parts from different cells that need to be processed on the same machine is determined by LMW-HEU in the Inter-CPS problem. A series of experiments were conducted to test the two-stage algorithm. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed two-stage algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,Cell part scheduling,Disjunctive graph model,Inter-cell move,Local search
Advanced sensing and control techniques for multi AGV systems in shared industrial environments	2015	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2015 IEEE.This paper describes innovative sensing technologies and control techniques, that aim at improving the performance of groups of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) used for logistics operations in industrial environments. We explicitly consider the situation where the environment is shared among AGVs, manually driven vehicles, and human operators. In this situation, safety is a major issue, that needs always to be guaranteed, while still maximizing the efficiency of the system. This paper describes some of the main achievements of the PAN-Robots European project.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	8	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Data integration,Logistics,Safety,Sensor systems,Vehicles
Measurement methods for the path deviation of mobile robots	2015	Proceedings of the 2015 7th International Conference on Electronics, Computers and Artificial Intelligence, ECAI 2015	2015 IEEE.Accuracy of mobile robots movement is vital to their orientation in the environment. Indoor mobile robots or automated guided mini-vehicles need accurate path tracking to avoid collisions with obstacles. In this paper are presented two methods for determining the deviation from the path, in order to eliminate errors that may occur due to imperfections of robot locomotion system. A method is based on measuring the linear deviation from path, using a route with bands of different sizes and colors. The other method determines the angular deviation using a device, with rotary motion sensor, mounted on a rail.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	1	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	deviation,locomotion system,mobile robots,ultrasonic sensor
Transformation of continuous simulation models of automated manufacturing systems into discrete event models on different levels of detail	2015	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2015 IEEE.To test the control code of an automated manufacturing system, virtual commissioning (VC) can be employed: the binary input and output signals of the controller (usually a Programmable Logic Controller, PLC) are connected with a simulation model of the plant. To resemble the physical behavior of the plant and of the sensors and actuators, the simulation model is usually a mixed continuous/discrete model. For different types of tests and different sizes of plants, simulation models are required at different detail. Four "Levels of Detail" (LoD) have been proposed in the literature for the continuous simulation models of modules in manufacturing plants. In this contribution, a similar four-LoD classification is proposed for discrete modelling, and this is exemplified by the transformation of four simulation models (which model the continuous physical behavior of a conveyor at four different LoD) to correspondent discrete simulation models. This will allow, with the same variation of the LoD, carrying out other validation and verification methods which are based on discrete event models.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	continuous modelling,discrete event simulation,levels of detail,virtual commissioning
HyperMeeting: Supporting asynchronous meetings with hypervideo	2015	MM 2015 - Proceedings of the 2015 ACM Multimedia Conference	2015 ACM.While synchronous meetings are an important part of collaboration, it is not always possible for all stakeholders to meet at the same time. We created the concept of hypermeetings for meetings with asynchronous attendance. Such hypermeetings consist of a chain of video-recorded meetings with hyperlinks for navigating through them. Our HyperMeeting system supports the viewing of prior meetings during a videoconference. Natural viewing behavior such as pausing video generates hyperlinks between previous and current meetings. During playback, automatic link-following guided by playback plans present the relevant content to users. Playback plans take into account the user's meeting attendance and viewing history and match them with features such as topic and speaker segmentation. A user study showed that participants found hyperlinks useful but did not always understand where the links would take them. Experiences from longer-Term use and the study results provide a good basis for future system improvements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	8	Media Technology,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	Asynchronous meetings,Hypermeeting,Hypervideo,Meeting capture,Teleconferencing.
Fusing low-cost sensor data for localization and mapping of automated guided vehicle fleets in indoor applications	2015	IEEE International Conference on Multisensor Fusion and Integration for Intelligent Systems	2015 IEEE.This paper describes the joint use of external and on-board low-cost sensors for small to mid-size automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in varying indoor applications. Localization and mapping for navigation purposes of multi-scale vehicle fleets is achieved by combining fixed, one-time calibrated cameras with odometry information and cheap LIDAR (Light detection and ranging) and collision avoidance sensors, which are mounted on the vehicles. Our approach is scalable and applies to different domains, as logistics in production environments or hospital facilities. Experiments show that the proposed system concept, based on low-cost units, reaches sufficient accuracy in real-time and could therefore be a promising solution for the target applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	None
Vision-based intelligent forklift Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV)	2015	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.This paper develops a new vision-based intelligent forklift Automatic Guided Vehicle (A GV) to perform various transporting tasks in factories and warehouses for improving the quality and efficiency as well as saving the manpower in manufacturing and service industries. Based on a vision-based adaptive localization algorithm with the global pose correction and a visual servo motion controller, the automatic driving function of the A GV can be realized. Experiments conducted in a factory validate performance of the vision-based intelligent forklift A GV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,vision-based navigation
A Quadratic Programming approach for coordinating multi-AGV systems	2015	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.This paper presents an optimization strategy to coordinate multiple Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) on ad-hoc pre-defined roadmaps used in logistic operations in industrial applications. Specifically, the objective is to maximize traffic throughput of AGVs navigating in an automated warehouse by minimizing the time AGVs spend negotiating complex traffic patterns to avoid collisions with other AGVs. In this work, the coordination problem is posed as a Quadratic Programming (QP) problem where the optimization is performed in a centralized manner. The optimality of the coordination strategy is established and the feasibility of the strategy is validated in simulation for different scenarios and for real industrial environments. The performance of the proposed strategy is then compared with a decentralized coordination strategy which relies on local negotiations for shared resources. The results show that the proposed coordination strategy successfully maximizes vehicle throughout and significantly minimizes the time vehicles spend negotiating traffic under different scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Accomplish multi-robot tasks via Petri net models	2015	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.This paper proposes a method for planning a team of mobile robots such that they accomplish a set of tasks. The environment and the movement capabilities of mobile robots are represented by a Petri net model. Each task is located in a given location and its accomplishment requires a certain number of robots to be present in that place. The order for serving the tasks and firing count vectors for the model result from solving an Integer Linear Programming optimization. Structural properties of the Petri net model allow us to develop an algorithm that produces robot strategies composed from movements, waiting and task serving.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Incorporation of ordinal optimization into learning automata for high learning efficiency	2015	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.Learning automata (LA) represent important leaning mechanisms with applications in automated system design, biological system modeling, computer vision, and transportation. They play the critical roles in modeling a process as well as generating the appropriate signal to control it. They update their action probabilities in accordance with the inputs received from the environment and can improve their own performance during operations. The action probability vector in LA takes charge of two functions: 1) The cost of convergence, i.e., the size of sampling budget; 2) The allocation of sampling budget among actions to identify the optimal one. These two intertwined functions lead to a problem: The sampling budget mostly goes to the currently estimated optimal action due to its high action probability regardless whether it can help identify the real optimal action or not. This work proposes a new class of LA that separates the allocation of sampling budget from the action probability vector. It uses the action probability vector to determine the size of sampling budget and then uses Optimal Computing Budget Allocation (OCBA) to accomplish the allocation of sampling budget in a way that maximizes the probability of identifying the true optimal action. Simulation results verify its significant speedup ranging from 10.93% to 65.94% over the best existing LA algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Model reformulation for conflict-free routing problems using Petri Net and Deterministic Finite Automaton	2015	Artificial Life and Robotics	2015, ISAROB.It is well known that routing problems are recast as a binary integer linear programming in overhead hoist transport (OHT) vehicle systems. Two kinds of discrete-time state space models of the routing problem are proposed in this paper that simplifies the constraints and binary variables. First, a Petri Net (PN) method is used to simplify the constraints. Second, a Deterministic Finite (DF) Automaton method is used for reducing the binary inputs of the state space equation in OHT systems. Finally, some numerical examples are shown to verify the validity of the proposed methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	3	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Artificial Intelligence	Deterministic Finite Automaton,Discrete event system,Petri Net,Routing
Versatile Intelligent Portable Robot Platform for flexible robotic cells with AGV	2015	International Conference on Advanced Mechatronic Systems, ICAMechS	2015 IEEE.The paper studies the flexible robotic cells in cooperation with automated guided vehicle (AGV), in the presence of obstacles, at constant or variable speed and variable load, aiming to optimizing the interaction between AGV and flexible robotic cell components. Overall system performance is analyzed by using modeling tools for discrete event systems like Generalized Stochastic Petri Net (GSPN). The interaction between AGV and flexible robotic cell components is implemented through communication messages using serial data received from an optical XY encoder, communication protocol receive function is modeled with GSPN. Improving of the stability performances and real time motion control are analyzed and the virtual projection method is adopted using the Versatile Intelligent Portable Robot Platform VIPRO. The obtained results, validated on the experimental RTOS robotic platform and DMQX language extension for robotic applications, lead to higher performance in relation to interaction optimization, decrease the flexible cell's cycle time, increase mobility and stability of the AGV and also the development of new technological capabilities of the control systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	automated guided vehicle AGV,flexible robotic cell,Generalized Stochastic Petri Net,intelligent control,real time robot control,virtual projection method
MASYM, a Framework to Deploy Synchronized Industrial Systems Based on Any ABM Simulator	2015	IEEE Latin America Transactions	2015 IEEE.This paper presents MASYM (Model, Architecture, Synchronizer and Methodology) framework to develop and deploy industrial system controllers. MASYM integrates an agent-based model and architecture, a synchronization middleware and a development and deployment methodology. Agent-based model (ABM) simulations created within MASYM can run synchronized with reality, thus being able to perform control operations. As a consequence, the development of these 'synchronized' systems is straightforward on any ABM simulator. The MASYM framework has been validated on a realistic multi-robot transportation system for automated laboratories. Results show the advantages of this framework and provide an opportunity to validate its industrial application.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	2	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agent-based-model simulation,automated guided vehicles (AGVs),synchronizing simulations with reality,transportation system
A Simulation Study on the Design of a Novel Automated Container Terminal	2015	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.In this paper, we design, analyze, and evaluate a novel automated container terminal (ACT), namely, the rail-shuttle-based ACT. To analyze the performance, one detailed simulation system is built based on parametric design ideas. Two different microscopic rail-shuttle-based ACT simulation models, in which either straddle carriers (SCs) or automated guided vehicles with lifting devices (lift-AGVs) are employed, are formulated. Simulation experiments are carried out to obtain a reasonable equipment configuration for the proposed ACT. The results indicate that the performance of conventional ACTs can be improved if equipped with rail shuttles, and the performance of the rail-shuttle-based ACT with SCs exceeds that with lift-AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminal (ACT),configuration,design,evaluation,port,simulation
Influence of autonomous vehicles on logistics	2015	International Review of Aerospace Engineering	2015 Praise Worthy Prize S.r.l.-All rights reserved.The paper deals with the possibilities of application of autonomous transport means in logistics. The first section describes the current options and usage. Below there are the key areas of transport, where the development of these resources is described with the best logistics perspective. The third part is devoted to road transport costs, which is identified as the most significant source of potential future economic benefits for logistics in the previous section. In this section the potential economic impacts of the introduction of autonomous vehicles are estimated. Definite calculation is estimated by formula for road transport in the CR, but also with a view to the EU area. In addition to the benefits, the costs that will be associated with the introduction of new technologies in various fields of transport are discussed. In addition to the benefits are discuss about the costs that will be associated with the introduction of new technologies in various fields of transport. Entire article is conceived as presentation of the options and risks associated with the introduction of autonomous vehicles to the logistics chains with an emphasis on identifying risks and opportunities.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,Costing in road transport,GNSS
The delay time-based server selection algorithm for energy-efficient redundant execution of processes	2015	International Journal of Communication Networks and Distributed Systems	Copyright 2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.It is critical to discuss how to realise not only fault-Tolerant but also energy-efficient server cluster systems. In this paper, we propose the redundant delay time based (RDTB) algorithm to select multiple servers for redundantly and energy-efficiently performing application processes. In the RDTB algorithm, it is not necessary to collect a state of every replica to estimate the energy consumption of servers. We evaluate the RDTB algorithm compared with the basic round-robin (RR) and redundant power consumption laxity-based (RPCLB) algorithms. From the evaluation, the total energy consumption of homogeneous and heterogeneous clusters in the RDTB algorithm can be maximally reduced to 36% and 19% of the RR algorithm, respectively. The number of messages exchanged between a load balancer and servers in the RDTB algorithm can be maximally reduced to 90% of the RPCLB algorithm. Therefore, the RDTB algorithm is more useful than the RR and RPCLB algorithms for real environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Computer Networks and Communications	energy consumption models,energy-efficient server cluster systems,fault tolerant systems,green IT.,redundant delay time-based algorithm
Deadlock-free scheduling of knowledgeable manufacturing cell with multiple machines and products	2015	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	2014 IMechE.Under the stochastic production environment of uncertain job arrival, processing times and product demands, the deadlock-free scheduling is studied for a kind of knowledgeable manufacturing cell with multiple machines and products. First, the expected cost objective function is established based on continuous Markov chain with a discount factor, and a stochastic dynamic programming model is obtained by the virtual self-transfer method. Then, the properties of optimal objective function are analyzed and proved, and a heuristics approximate dynamic programming algorithm is proposed, which can effectively overcome the curse of dimensionality problem in the process of solving the dynamic programming model. With the above settled as premises, the deadlock-free scheduling strategy for knowledgeable manufacturing cell is proposed to control the processing rate and avoid system deadlock simultaneously. Finally, a case study is conducted to demonstrate and validate the effectiveness of the deadlock-free scheduling approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Deadlock-free scheduling,Dynamic programming,Markov chain,Stochastic production environment
Optimal space for storage yard considering yard inventory forecasts and terminal performance	2015	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	2015 Elsevier Ltd.This paper presents a method for forecasting the yard inventory of container terminals over an extended period, and addresses an integrated yard planning problem for determining the optimal storage space utilization by considering the yard congestion effect on terminal performance. A formulation based on random variables and probabilistic functions was developed, which allows prediction of the storage space requirement without requiring fully-integrated simulation models. Then, an integrated cost objective function was defined. Numerical experiments were performed to illustrate how the forecasting model works and to support decision-making on yard planning and design for both inbound and outbound/transshipment areas.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	13	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Forecasting model,Stochastic approach,Storage capacity,Yard inventory,Yard planning
Optimized allocation of straddle carriers to reduce overall delays at multimodal container terminals	2015	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.Increased global container trade and strong competition are boosting the need for efficient container terminals. Using internal transport resources efficiently reduces transfer times and operating costs. This article addresses the allocation of straddle carriers at a tactical level at intermodal container terminals via optimization and simulation. Our objective is to reduce overall delays at the terminal—with special focus on delays of inland transport modes (rail, road and waterway). We introduce a notation to describe different service strategies and delay criteria and analyze the complexity of different service strategies. A generic mixed integer linear program—that can be easily adapted to different service strategies—models the allocation problem based on a network flow representation of the terminal. We conduct a case study for a container terminal at the Grand Port Maritime de Marseille to evaluate the proposed allocation: we adapt the optimization model to the specific terminal, implement a discrete event simulation model and conduct experiments on actual data. Results show that the allocation proposed by the optimization model reduces delays at the terminal and performs well in a stochastic environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	8	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container terminal,Discrete event simulation,Intermodal transportation,Mixed integer programming,Resource allocation,Straddle carriers
Real-time container storage location assignment at an RTG-based seaport container transshipment terminal: problem description, control system, simulation model, and penalty scheme experimentation	2015	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.We show how the overall productivity of an RTG-based seaport container terminal depends on the system used for automatically selecting storage locations for export containers in real time as they enter the terminal. Several real-time container storage systems are proposed and evaluated by a fully-integrated, discrete event simulation model of a vessel-to-vessel transshipment terminal. In this study, we introduce the problem; present a system for making real-time container storage decisions; describe the simulation model used for experimentation; and describe an experiment that illustrates some of the main trade-offs involved in container storage decisions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	14	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container storage location assignment,Discrete event simulation,Gross crane rate,Maritime transportation,Real-time decision making,Seaport container terminal
Scheduling automated guided vehicle with battery constraints	2015	2015 20th International Conference on Methods and Models in Automation and Robotics, MMAR 2015	2015 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles(AGV) are becoming a popular tool in industries, manufactories, etc. That is why much research has been devoted to different AGV problems such as routing and scheduling. The issues of defining when an AGV needs to charge its battery is an important issue. This article addresses the problem of scheduling charging operation considering a set of identical automated guided vehicles. Our objective is to find a feasible solution in a small computational time as fast method are very useful in real world application of our problem. For solving this problem, a specific linear programming heuristic is proposed. Our method solves iteratively a relaxed linear program and modify the structure of the problem modeling until found a feasible solution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Development of a vision navigation system with Fuzzy Control Algorithm for Automated Guided Vehicle	2015	2015 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2015 - In conjunction with 2015 IEEE International Conference on Automation and Logistics	2015 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) has the abilities of flexibility, automation and reliability. It has been wildly used in the industry area. The needs of AGV in the medical area are also growing. Up to now, several AGV navigation methods has been proposed. As a modern method, the vision navigation has more benefits such as lower cost, easy installation, electromagnetic anti-interference and so on. In this paper, we will present the improved vision navigation with Fuzzy Control Algorithm. This navigation system combined the vehicle mechanism characters. Combining the navigation deviation parameters obtained from image processing with the motion and control characteristics of the AGV, the Fuzzy Control Algorithm is designed to navigate the AGV moving along the road marking line. In the paper, the detail of the system is introduced. The algorithm is examined with Matlab simulation. Finally, the real experiment with AGV is also performed to examine our proposed system. All the works leads to the meaningful works in the future.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	7	Computer Networks and Communications,Human-Computer Interaction,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Fuzzy Control Algorithm,Image Process,Vision Navigation
Path planning of automated guided vehicles based on improved A-Star algorithm	2015	2015 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2015 - In conjunction with 2015 IEEE International Conference on Automation and Logistics	2015 IEEE.With the development of automated logistics systems, flexible manufacture systems (FMS) and unmanned automated factories, the application of automated guided vehicle (AGV) gradually become more important to improve production efficiency and logistics automatism for enterprises. The development of the AGV systems play an important role in reducing labor cost, improving working conditions, unifying information flow and logistics. Path planning has been a key issue in AGV control system. In this paper, two key problems, shortest time path planning and collision in multi AGV have been solved. An improved A-Star (A∗) algorithm is proposed, which introduces factors of turning, and edge removal based on the improved A∗ algorithm is adopted to solve k shortest path problem. Meanwhile, a dynamic path planning method based on A∗ algorithm which searches effectively the shortest-time path and avoids collision has been presented. Finally, simulation and experiment have been conducted to prove the feasibility of the algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	39	Computer Networks and Communications,Human-Computer Interaction,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	AGV,algorithm,algorithm,A∗,improved A∗,path planning
A fast calibration method for autonomous landing of UAV with ground-based multisensory fusion system	2015	2015 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2015 - In conjunction with 2015 IEEE International Conference on Automation and Logistics	2015 IEEE.In this study, this paper focuses on the vision-based unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) autonomous guided landing system's calibration problems. We combine multisensory to propose a fast calibration method in proceeding of autonomous landing of a UAV with ground-based multisensory fusion systems. The system components include image sensor, ultra-wideband radar (UWB), distance measurement module, two-axis turntable (PTU). In the landing area, UAV will put four or five points. Calibrating the PTU relative navigation coordinate and distance measuring module and an image sensor with respect to the relationship of DGPS coordinates. Compared to the DGPS, the experimental results show the accuracy is acceptable for the outdoor environment. As we can see, the proposed method has advantages in speed, convenience and pertinence.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Human-Computer Interaction,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	Calibration,Multisensory,UAV,UWB,Vision
Simulation and experimental design methods for job shop scheduling with material handling: a survey	2015	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.Job shop scheduling (JSS) problems have been studied for over six decades. Many of them are proved to be non-deterministic polynomial-time (NP) hard, which means that they are intractable and the computation time increases exponentially with the problem size goes up. Some assumptions have been made in the previous studies about JSS problems in order to simplify the model and solve it. One of those assumption is that the transferring times of jobs between different machines are negligible. However, it is highly not practical not to model the material handling activities in a typical shop floor scheduling problems in reality, especially when the movements of jobs on shop floor are completely relying on the material handling equipment and the transferring times are comparable to the production times. Omitting the transferring times will make the result of scheduling impossible to be implemented. Therefore, many recent studies have been done about Job shop scheduling with material handling (JSPMH/JSSMH). The problem has been defined into two different categories: offline and online scheduling problems. Offline scheduling means solving JSSMH problem as static scheduling problem that is solved before shop floor starts its production with known or predicted information of orders, while online scheduling is dynamic scheduling problem that is solved to generate schedules in real time as orders arrive on the shop floor. In both methods, the simulation modeling tool has been widely used with its ability of efficiently searching for optimal solution as well as evaluating the results. In articles that study the JSSMH problems as the dynamic scheduling, simulation method has been popularly used to factor in various scenarios of production. Our review will comprehensively summarize how JSSMH problems are solved in dynamic and static problem settings, as well as how simulation models play a useful role in solving this type of problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	23	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Discrete event simulation model,Dispatching rules,Dynamic scheduling problem,Job shop scheduling,Material handling system scheduling
Selection of material handling equipment using fuzzy axiomatic design principles	2015	Informatica (Netherlands)	2015 Vilnius University.Effective movement of materials plays an important role in successful operation of any organization. Proper methods adopted for material movement are also crucial for the overall safety of the personnel involved in the manufacturing processes. Selection of the appropriate material handling equipment (MHE) is a vital task for improving productivity of an organization. In today's technological era, varieties of MHEs are available to carry out a desired task. Depending on the type of material to be moved, there are many quantitative and qualitative factors influencing the selection decision of a suitable MHE. The problem of selecting the right type of MHE for a given purpose can be solved using multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) methods which are capable of dealing with the combination of crisp and fuzzy data. In this paper, an MCDM method employing fuzzy axiomatic design principles is applied for selecting the most appropriate MHE for the given task. As a measure of suitability, the total information content is calculated for each MHE and the MHE alternative with the least total information content is regarded as the best choice. Two real time problems from the literature, i.e. selection of an automated guided vehicle, and selection of loading and hauling equipments in surface mines, are solved to validate the applicability, flexibility and potentiality of the adopted approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	13	Information Systems,Applied Mathematics	axiomatic design principles,fuzzy set theory,information axiom,material handling equipment,MCDM
Development of a Mobile Drilling and Fastening System Based on a PKM Robotic Platform	2015	SAE Technical Papers	Copyright  2015 SAE International.The Boeing Company has developed a mobile robotic drilling and fastening system for use in assembly processes on the lower panel of a horizontally fixtured wing. The robotic system, referred to as Lower-panel Drilling and Fastening System (LPDFS), was initially developed as part of an initiative to minimize facilities costs by not requiring costly foundation work. It is designed to operate with a high level of autonomy, minimizing operator intervention, including that required for machine setup and tool changes. System design enables positioning the work piece at a lower ergonomic height for concurrent manual processes. In all aspects of design, the system will maintain maximum flexibility for accommodating future manufacturing changes and increases in production rate, while meeting the strict accuracy requirements characteristic of aircraft manufacturing. This novel system consists of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) that provides rough positioning of the robotic system in relation to the aircraft structure, a Hexapod type of Parallel Kinematics Machine (PKM) for fine positioning, and a multifunction end effector for part acquisition, drilling, hole inspection, and fastener insertion. This paper will examine the robotic system design, operation, and end effector development to date, the results of testing, as well as a discussion of the advantages of such a system for use in assembly processes.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Multiple criteria decision-making techniques and their applications - A review of the literature from 2000 to 2014	2015	Economic Research-Ekonomska Istrazivanja	2015 The Author(s). Published by Taylor & Francis.Multiple criteria decision-making (MCDM) is considered as a complex decision-making (DM) tool involving both quantitative and qualitative factors. In recent years, several MCDM techniques and approaches have been suggested to choosing the optimal probable options. The purpose of this article is to systematically review the applications and methodologies of the MCDM techniques and approaches. This study reviewed a total of 393 articles published from 2000 to 2014 in more than 120 peer reviewed journals (extracted from Web of Science). According to experts’ opinion, these articles were grouped into 15 fields. Furthermore, these articles were categorised based on authors, publication date, name of journals, methods, tools, and type of research (MCDM utilising research, MCDM developing research, and MCDM proposing research). The results of this study indicated that in 2013 scholars have published articles more than in other years. In addition, the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) method in the individual tools and hybrid MCDM in the integrated methods were ranked as the first and second methods in use. Additionally, the European Journal of Operational Research as the first journal with 70 publications was the significant journal in this study. Finally, energy, environment and sustainability were ranked as the first areas that have applied MCDM techniques and approaches.	Journal	j	re	Review	Malaysia	333	Economics and Econometrics	Decision-making techniques and approaches,Literature review,Multiple criteria decision-making (MCDM)
New algorithm of scheduling based on prioriry rules on machines to solve bi-criteria blocking job shop scheduling problem	2015	12th International Symposium on Programming and Systems, ISPS 2015	2015 IEEE.In this paper we study the bi-criteria blocking job shop scheduling problem. The objective is to simultaneously minimize two criteria: the Makespan and the maximum lateness. The blocking occurs when the intermediate buffer for storing completed operations between machines does not exist. We have proposed two Metaheuristics so as to find a set of non-dominated solutions. The first one is the tabu search which consists in the minimization of one criterion while the second criterion is bounded, and the second one is the tabu search based on the minimization of a linear combination of criteria. To assure the assignment of operations to their machines, we propose a new method which is based on application of priority rules on machines. This work is tested on benchmark instances from job shop literature and the results are presented and discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	1	Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science (miscellaneous),Computer Networks and Communications,Software	Bi-criteria,Blocking,component,Job Shop,Priority rule,Tabu search
Optimal path in an intelligent AGV-based manufacturing system	2015	Transportation Letters	2015 W. S. Maney & Son Ltd.This paper concerns with the design of a computer-integrated manufacturing system to identify an optimal path in an automated guided vehicle (AGV) routing problem network, special case for vehicle routing problem (VRP) considering triple criteria of time, cost, and capability. In most VRPs, just one criterion, either time or cost was considered in decision making. But in this paper all time, cost, and AGV capability are noticed in decision making, simultaneously. Recently, AGVs are being applied in material handling process that travels on a network of guide paths. To satisfy a material requirement planning (MRP) by providing the bill of material (BOM), AGVs are suitable devices. In this paper, an AGV is employed to carry the parts based on the BOM, therefore, the AGV is confronted with various paths in the shop network in a job shop layout. For controlling the time, cost, and AGV capability, intelligent agents (IAs) are proposed. To decide about selection of the optimal path, which is confined in time, cost, and AGV capability, mathematical programming approach is applied. The aims of conflict-free and deadlock resolution are also effective in the proposed decision making. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is validated using two illustrative examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	7	Transportation	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Conflict free,Mathematical programming
Application of Kalman filter in navigation process of automated guided vehicles	2015	Metrology and Measurement Systems	2015 Polish Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.In the paper an example of application of the Kalman filtering in the navigation process of automatically guided vehicles was presented. The basis for determining the position of automatically guided vehicles is odometry - the navigation calculation. This method of determining the position of a vehicle is affected by many errors. In order to eliminate these errors, in modern vehicles additional systems to increase accuracy in determining the position of a vehicle are used. In the latest navigation systems during route and position adjustments the probabilistic methods are used. The most frequently applied are Kalman filters.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Kalman filtering,Laser measurements,Odometry
The ASSEMBLY show preview	2015	Assembly	The third annual ASSEMBLY Show will be held from October 27-29 at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont. Sponsored by Promess Inc., the keynote address will focus on how to develop and sustain a culture of continuous improvement. Some 229 suppliers will be displaying the latest assembly technology at the show. Besides the keynote, the conference program includes 29 hours of educational sessions covering topics ranging from power tools to vibratory feeders to automatic guided vehicles. The additive manufacturing workshop will cut through the hype to teach the true capabilities of this intriguing technology. Engineers will learn about the latest processes for additive manufacturing and how they can be used to improve products and assembly operations. Another workshop will address methods for mixed-material assembly. One of the great traditions of The Assembly Show is that engineers often bring sample parts or assemblies with them to review directly with exhibitors.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Design and development of lead-through programming method using low cost incremental encoder feedback	2015	Jurnal Teknologi	2015 Penerbit UTM Press. All rights reserved.Recently robots are widely used in a various field particularly in the industry. Despite this fact robot still requires an undeniable amount of knowledge from the operators or workers who deal with them. As a result, robots cannot be easily programmed if the operator or the worker is not experienced in robotics field. One of the programming methods that has been introduced to make programming task user friendly is lead-through robot programming. However, the existing lead-through programming methods still requires an amount of knowledge that is not available for most of the operators and workers. The main objective of this project is to design a lead through method for point to point robot programming using incremental encoder feedback, which can record, save and playback the robot motion while considering the accuracy and precision of the robot. To validate the method, experiments were conducted in this project, where an operator manually moves a two DOF (degree of freedom) robotic arm on a white board while the encoder feedback was recorded and later played back by the robot. Then both recorded and playback trajectories were compared and analyzed. The result shows that the played back accuracy is 96.17% for motor 1 and 97.86% for motor 2 with standard deviation of 0.9593 for motor 1 and 2.33583 for motor 2.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Engineering (all)	Incremental encoder,Lead-through programming
Maximally Permissive Distributed Control of Large Scale Automated Manufacturing Systems Modeled with Petri Nets	2015	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	2015 IEEE.Ensuring nonblockingness remains challenging for automated manufacturing systems (AMSs) owing to their discrete event dynamics. Both scalability and maximal permissiveness are essential for the synthesis and implementation of their centralized supervisors. Inspired by the divide and conquer philosophy, this brief proposes a partition methodology and distributed control technique for large-scale AMSs. They are represented as interconnected and overlapping subsystems sharing some common components in terms of buffers. For each subsystem, a local supervisor is designed based on its local behavior and neighboring information only. Generalizing the existing results, we develop a condition under which the control law via decomposition promises the maximal permissiveness. Buffer capacities are well designed for the sake of their decomposition into multiple overlapping subsystems. Theoretical results are developed to characterize the behavior compatibility among local controllers. An experimental study illustrates the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	33	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),deadlock prevention,discrete event systems,distributed control,maximal permissiveness,Petri nets (PNs),supervisor synthesis
A two-stage ant colony optimization approach based on a directed graph for process planning	2015	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.An innovative approach based on the two-stage ant colony optimization (ACO) approach is used to optimize the process plan with the objective of minimizing total production costs (TPC) against process constraints. First, the process planning (PP) problem is represented as a directed graph that consists of nodes, directed/undirected arcs, and OR relations. The ant colony finds the shortest path on the graph to achieve the optimal solution. Second, a two-stage ACO approach is introduced to deal with the PP problem based on the graph. In the first stage, the ant colony is guided by pheromones and heuristic information of the nodes on the graph, which will be reduced to a simple weighed graph consisting of the favorable nodes and the directed/undirected arcs linking those nodes. In the second stage, the ant colony is guided by heuristic information of nodes and pheromones of arcs on the simple graph to achieve the optimal solution. Third, the simulation experiments for two parts are conducted to illustrate the application of the two-stage ACO approach to the PP problem. The compared results with the results of other algorithms verify the feasibility and competitiveness of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	26	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Ant colony optimization,Directed graph,Process planning,Two-stage
Accurate 3-D Position and Orientation Method for Indoor Mobile Robot Navigation Based on Photoelectric Scanning	2015	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	1963-2012 IEEE.Position and orientation of indoor mobile robots must be obtained real timely during operation in structured industrial environment, so as to ensure the security and efficiency of cargo transportation and assembly precision. But for such a large-scale space, only 2-D coordinates and heading angle of the mobile robot can be measured with a relatively low precision in current major methods. This paper presents a novel method for 3-D position and orientation measurement of indoor mobile robot. In this method, a rotary-laser transmitter is utilized, which is mounted on the indoor mobile robot measuring the scanning angles relative to photoelectric artificial landmarks and obtaining its own 3-D space location information. The landmarks whose coordinates in navigation frame should be precalibrated are distributed at the most appropriate positions of the structured industrial environment. On the basis of that, an algorithm of multiangle intersection was established and in-depth discussed to solve transmitter's spatial position and orientation. Experimental results show that, in an 8m×6m×2.5m working volume, transmitter's position, and orientation measurement accuracy of proposed method were higher than 3.8 mm and 0.104°, respectively. It demonstrates that the proposed method is reliable and flexible for indoor mobile robot navigation tasks and the measurement accuracy can be further improved by increasing layout density of landmarks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	23	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3-D,large-scale space,measurement,navigation,orientation,position.
Robust filtering for nonlinear nonhomogeneous markov jump systems by fuzzy approximation approach	2015	IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics	2013 IEEE.This paper addresses the problem of robust fuzzy L2-L∞ filtering for a class of uncertain nonlinear discrete-time Markov jump systems (MJSs) with nonhomogeneous jump processes. The Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy model is employed to represent such nonlinear nonhomogeneous MJS with norm-bounded parameter uncertainties. In order to decrease conservation, a polytope Lyapunov function which evolves as a convex function is employed, and then, under the designed mode-dependent and variation-dependent fuzzy filter which includes the membership functions, a sufficient condition is presented to ensure that the filtering error dynamic system is stochastically stable and that it has a prescribed L2-L∞ performance index. Two simulated examples are given to demonstrate the effectiveness and advantages of the proposed techniques.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	54	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy L L∞ filtering,Markov jump system (MJS),nonhomogeneous processes,uncertain nonlinear system
An application oriented multi-agent based approach to dynamic load/truck planning	2015	Expert Systems with Applications	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.Truck operations decisions for transportation logistics pose challenges especially when loads are less-than-truckload (LTL). Within a dynamic business environment load planners should consider effective utilization of resources and profitability of their operations. Multi-agent based system provides effective mechanisms for the management of dynamic operations in transportation. The algorithms for transportation domain that are available in the literature are generally focusing on generation of effective solutions for planning/scheduling problems without considering real transportation systems dynamics. Multi-agent based design of the load/truck planning problems is supposed to be helpful for integration of algorithms with real-time logistics controlling systems. The cooperative structure of the multi-agent based approach is motivated by real-world third party logistics (3PL) company operations. Negotiation mechanism among the agents is used to handle the dynamic events. The proposed approach is tested via simulation by using LTL data from a 3PL logistics company. The approach generates feasible and profitable decisions under dynamic circumstances by using negotiation/bidding mechanisms. Proposed approach is implemented by using JACK™, an agent development framework. A multi-agent based dynamic load/truck control system (MABDLCS) is also developed along with this approach. MABDLCS could be used for both testing some transportation scenarios and for real time vehicle/load control purposes. The solutions obtained by using the proposed approach demonstrated that MAS is contributing on problem solution quality while generating real-time schedules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	13	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Agent based modeling,Less-than-truckload operations,Multi-agent systems,Negotiation,Vehicle routing
Routing of AGVs on automated container terminals	2015	Proceedings of the 2015 IEEE 19th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, CSCWD 2015	2015 IEEE.An important aspect of the quayside operation at a container terminal is the transport of containers between the quaycranes and the stack area. On automated container terminals these transportation jobs are executed by Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). Routing of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) is the process of determining routes for a set of AGVs to fulfill their respective transportjobs. Routing has a relatively large impact on the productivity and flexibility of AGV systems and thus on the performance of the terminal. In most existing systems, AGVs use a map of predefined, fixed paths that are combined to obtain routes. However, theoretically free ranging capabilities of AGVs allows them to use the entire traveling area. In this paper a summary is given of the research towards improvement of the performance of automated transport systems by developing advanced routing strategies that are fully using the free ranging and positioning capacities of AGVs. The specific context of this work is the transport of containers between stack and quay cranes (and vice versa) on an automated container terminal.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	6	Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Computer Science Applications	automated guided vehicle systems,collaborative systems,container terminals,dynamic routing
A TOPSIS method for vehicle route selection in seaports-A real case analysis of a container terminal in North West Europe	2015	ICTIS 2015 - 3rd International Conference on Transportation Information and Safety, Proceedings	2015 IEEE.This paper studies the feasibility of using the Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) method to identify the optimal travel routes of Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles (IAVs) from a set (i.e. database) of potential routes of vehicles in a container terminal. It allows routes to be arranged in a ranked list to provide a real time on-demand response to a routing request by the system's controller. The study sets out the desirability of a system that is capable of reacting quickly to changes in circumstance, necessary in a dynamic real-life scenario. The concept offered by the proposed system distinguishes between the traditional role of a human operator and newer fully automated models in vehicle management. The evaluations and analyses in this study demonstrate that the construction of a database-style management system enables a reliable IAV operation in small-scale container ports with standard logical yard layouts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	2	Information Systems,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Transportation	automated vehicles,container Terminal,maritime transport,route selection,TOPSIS
Computational complexity of convoy movement planning problems	2015	Mathematical Methods of Operations Research	2015, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Convoy movement planning problems arise in a number of important logistical contexts, including military planning, railroad optimization and automated guided vehicle routing. In the convoy movement problem (CMP), a set of convoys, with specified origins and destinations, are to be routed with the objective of minimizing either makespan or total flow time, while observing a number of side constraints. This paper characterizes the computational complexity of several restricted classes of CMPs. The principal objective is to identify the most parsimonious set of problem features that make the CMP intractable. A polynomial-time algorithm is provided for the single criterion two-convoy movement problem. The performance of a simple prioritization–idling approximation algorithm is also analyzed for the K-convoy movement problem. Error bounds are developed for the makespan and flow time objectives.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Software,Mathematics (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Approximation algorithms,Complexity theory,Convoy routing,Logistics,Multiple objective programming
Cost-constrained low-carbon product design	2015	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.Low-carbon design is a design process for a product with the consideration of greenhouse gas emissions during its entire life cycle, which has an essential effect on product carbon footprint. However, existing approaches for low-carbon product design are either inextensible to achieve low-carbon design solutions in product life cycle or prone to a loss of optimal solutions under the dual consideration of carbon footprint and cost in product life cycle. This paper is devoted to a systematic Lagrange Relaxation-based approach to cost-constrained low-carbon product design for product life cycle. After the calculation model of carbon footprint for product life cycle is proposed, network-based representation model for low-carbon product design under the consideration of carbon footprint and cost in product life cycle is proposed. A Lagrange Relaxation-based constrained shortest path algorithm is then applied to produce design solutions with the consideration of carbon footprint and cost in product life cycle. The cost-constrained low-carbon product design of cold heading machine tool is given as an example, which demonstrates that the methodology is helpful to produce valuable solutions with the dual consideration of product carbon footprint and cost in product life cycle.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Carbon footprint,Constrained shortest path,Cost,Low-carbon design,Product life cycle
Obstacle localization and recognition for autonomous forklifts using omnidirectional stereovision	2015	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2015 IEEE.In this paper we propose an approach for obstacle localization and recognition using omnidirectional stereovision applied to autonomous fork-lifts in industrial environments. We use omnidirectional stereovision with two fisheye cameras for the 3D perception of the surrounding environment. Using the reconstructed 3D points, a Digital Elevation Map (DEM) is constructed consisting of a 2.5D grid of elevation cells. Each cell is then classified as ground or obstacle. Further, we use the classified DEM to generate obstacle hypotheses. To ensure a higher detection rate we also propose a fast sliding window based approach relying on the monocular fisheye intensity image. The detections from both approaches are merged and are subjected to a tracking mechanism. Finally each obstacle is classified using boosting over Visual Codebook type features. The classification is refined using the classification history available from tracking. The presented approaches are integrated into a 3D visual perception system for AGVs and are of real time performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	3	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Advanced path following control of an overactuated robotic vehicle	2015	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2015 IEEE.This work describes an advanced path following control strategy enabling overactuated robotic vehicles like the ROboMObil (ROMO) [1] to automatically follow predefined paths while all states of the vehicle's planar motion are controlled. This strategy is useful for autonomous vehicles which are guided along online generated paths including severe driving maneuvers caused by e.g. obstacle avoidance. The proposed approach combines path following, i.e. tracking a plane curve without a priori time parameterization of a trajectory, with feedback based vehicle dynamics stabilization. A path interpolation method is introduced which allows to perform the path following task employing a trajectory tracking controller. Furthermore a tracking controller based on I/O linearization and quadratic programming based control allocation is proposed which allows employing the vehicle's overactuation in an optimal manner. The work concludes by a simulative evaluation of the controller performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Improved path tracking approach for unmanned vehicles based on clothoid curve	2015	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2015 IEEE.For its high efficiency and simpleness, Pure-Pursuit has been widely used in fields of automatic drive. This paper presents a modified robust controller based on Pure-Pursuit. The highlight of the method is that it replaces the circle in Pure-Pursuit with a clothoid C1 curve. Meantime, it applies the curvature information from the clothoid curve to tune the look-ahead distance. We compare the controller with improved Pure-Pursuit through experiments on the platform of autonomous vehicle, TuZhi, developed by Wuhan University. The results demonstrate that the proposed controller is more effective.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Ability and skill graphs for system modeling, online monitoring, and decision support for vehicle guidance systems	2015	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2015 IEEE.In this paper, the ability and skill graphs are introduced for modeling vehicle guidance systems in the concept phase of the development process (abilities), for online monitoring of system operation (skills), and to support driving decisions (skill levels) of automated road vehicles and advanced driver assistance systems. Both graphs rely on a decomposition of the human driving task. An ability is the entirety of conditions which are necessary to provide a certain part of the driving task. The ability graph can be developed in parallel to the item definition according to the ISO 26262 standard in the concept phase of the development process and can be used for supporting further development steps. A skill is defined as an abstract representation of a part of the driving task including information about the skills current performance. The skill graph is used to monitor the current system performance during operation and skill levels are input to driving decisions. Abilities and skills cover all aspects of the driving task including environment and self perception, data processing, decision making, and behavior execution. During operation of the developed item, the skill graph is instantiated as a (distributed) software component to process online information for assessing current skill levels. Each skill uses one or more performance metrics, which represent its current performance capability in relation to the maximum (inherent) ability level. The resulting information could replace the monitoring of the system by a human driver and can be used as an input to driving decisions of the vehicle to support appropriate and safe decisions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	18	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Optimizing hybrid operations at large-scale automated container terminals	2015	2015 International Conference on Models and Technologies for Intelligent Transportation Systems, MT-ITS 2015	2015 BME.This work tackles the problem of controlling operations at an automated container terminal. In the context of large supply chains, there is a growing trend for increasing productivity and economic efficiency. New models and algorithms are provided for scheduling and routing equipment that is moving containers in a quay area, loading/unloading ships, transporting them via Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) to Automated Stacking Cranes (ASCs), organizing them in stacks. In contrast with the majority of the approaches in the related literature, this work tackles two dynamics of the system, a discrete dynamic, characteristic of the maximization of operations efficiency, by assigning the best AGV and operation time to a set of containers, and a continuous dynamic of the AGV that moves in a geographically limited area. As an assumption, AGVs can follow free range trajectories that minimize the error of the target time and increase the responsiveness of the system. A novel solution framework is proposed and some computational result are reported to show the feasibility of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	3	Mechanical Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering	Automated Container Terminal,Free-ranging Routing,Metaheuristic,Scheduling,Trajectory Planning
Robotics for innovation	2015	Digest of Technical Papers - Symposium on VLSI Technology	2015 JSAP.Robotics has been expected to realize innovation by the cost reduction of manufacturing and service delivery for employers, the burden reduction of labors for employees, and the quality upgrade of products and services for their customers. This talk introduces recent trends of robotics for the innovation mainly taking place in Japan. The robots for the cost reduction include industrial robots and autonomous guided vehicles for logistics, those for the burden reduction powered suits and mobile robots, and those for the quality upgrade nursing care robots and personal mobility. The expectations for VLSI technologies are described as well.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Position tracking system using single RGB-D Camera for evaluation of multi-rotor UAV control and self-localization	2015	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	2015 IEEE.In this paper, an evaluation system for verifying algorithm of unmanned aerial vehicle(UAV) control and self-localization in GPS-denied environments, instead of the Vicon motion capture system that is being widely used as ground truth of the quadcopter position control, is developed and its feasibility evaluated. Among the RGB-D cameras that can make 3D measurements, Kinect is used and validated by applying the algorithm to a linear robot, which then chooses a marker and recognizes it. The marker recognition algorithm comprises two parts. First, a background extraction technique is utilized to establish the area of interest; next, a filter that adopts the labeling technique is used to recognize a marker in the region of interest. The feasibility of the algorithm is validated in an actual experiment employing two kinds of quadcopters.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Navigation performance evaluation for automatic guided vehicles	2015	IEEE Conference on Technologies for Practical Robot Applications, TePRA	2015 IEEE.Automatic guided vehicles (AGVs), an industrial form of a mobile robot, typically navigate using a central computer commanding AGV movement on predefined paths. How well they follow these paths is not well-defined in research articles and their performance is reported in non-standard manufacturer specifications. Furthermore, AGV technology is advancing towards vision guidance to map and localize their position from onboard the vehicle, whereas performance evaluation of advanced navigation techniques is just beginning. This paper describes AGV experiments using ground truth measurement comparison for performance evaluation of AGV navigation. A generic test procedure and metrics, described herein, are to be recommended to ASTM F45, a recently formed committee on performance of AGVs, as a navigation test method for use by the AGV and mobile robot industries.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	11	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	ASTM F45,automatic guided vehicle,ground truth,mobile robot,performance measurement,test method
A robotic experimental platform for testing and validating warehouse automation algorithms	2015	IEEE Conference on Technologies for Practical Robot Applications, TePRA	2015 IEEE.In the recent years, Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are gradually integrated to warehouse management systems. The employment of AGVs has numerous advantages over conventional warehouse systems in terms of cost, scalability and efficiency. In this work, we present the development of a small-scale test-bed platform for testing and validating warehouse automation control algorithms utilizing a swarm of AGVs. The proposed platform is scalable, fast, and effective in both cost and dimensions. The robotic drives are centimeter-scale forklifts that transport autonomously an arbitrary number of circular pallets to predefined reference locations. A conflict resolution algorithm is implemented such that the drives do not collide with each other during their operation. In addition, a task allocation logic handles the pallets' assignment to avoid the enclosure of the drives by the transported objects. The applicability of the testbed platform is demonstrated through experimental results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Algorithm design and analysis,Collision avoidance,Kinematics,Resource management,Robot kinematics,Vehicles
Inverse kinematic implementation of four-wheels mecanum drive mobile robot using stepper motors	2015	2015 International Seminar on Intelligent Technology and Its Applications, ISITIA 2015 - Proceeding	2015 IEEE.An implementation of inverse kinematic model is applied for the mobile robot using four-wheels mecanum drive. The implementation is designed for omni-directional movement without changes the robot position on a facing direction. Four stepper motors are used to drive the mecanum wheels due to these types have a good precision. This speed control feedback is not necessary. The radius of the mobile robot dimension is defined by the same distance of a and b length between wheel axis and body center of 170 mm. The inverse kinematic is conducted to control the mobile robot movement and to convert the robot velocity component of vx, vy, and ω toward angular velocity each wheels of ω1, ω2, ω3, ω4 and wheel turn direction. Kinematic calculation and control mechanism are proceed by a master microcontroller and multi-slave microcontrollers which connected using SPI communication protocol. The theta angle θ is described by vx and vy vector velocity direction toward center point of the mobile robot. The movement capabilities are performed by linear direction according to the certain angle of the robot movement θ of 0° to each multiples of 45° thus obtained wheel velocity and angle movement average errors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	5	Software,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Four-Wheel,Inverse Kinematics,Mecanum Drive,Mobile Robot
Characterization of contactless power transfer system and investigation of core shape for AGV application	2015	Proceedings of the International Conference on Power Electronics and Drive Systems	2015 IEEE.In recent years, the introduction of contactless power transfer (CPT) system is required to automated guided vehicle (AGV) used in a factory. This paper deals with development of prototype contactless power transfer system for applying to AGV using both experiment and simulation. It is found that the developed prototype contactless power transfer system allows 1 kW power transfer in more than 68% of power transfer efficiency at 20 mm gap. Furthermore, an attempt is made to optimize the CPT by changing the core shape of the coils. As a result, combination of T-T shape cores made of ferrite core allows transmission of more power than T-E combination cores. These results suggest that the T-T shape cores contribute to further miniaturization of CPT system and larger capacity than previous CPT system using T-E combination cores.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Comparison performance of Si-IGBT and SiC-MOSFET used for high efficiency inverter of contactless power transfer system	2015	Proceedings of the International Conference on Power Electronics and Drive Systems	2015 IEEE.This paper deals with investigation on electrical characteristics of both conventional Si-IGBT and next generation power semiconductor device SiC-MOSFET for high efficiency inverter of contactless power transfer system. This system has an issue that the power conversion efficiency is lower than that of conventional charging system using a plug. Since a proto type contactless power transfer system that we evaluated before adopted Si-IGBT, higher power conversion efficiency has been required. Thus, an attempt is made to improve the inverter efficiency using SiC-MOSFET. The performance of Si-IGBT and SiC-MOSFET are evaluated by conducting a switching test and experiment of static characteristics. Furthermore, inverter loss is calculated and discussed using experimental results of Si-IGBT and SiC-MOSFET. As a result, the inverter efficiency is found to increase by 0.48% using SiC-MOSFET. Additionally, it is suggested that ringing of the voltage and current should be suppressed when SiC-MOSFET is applied to an inverter for high frequency application like a contactless power transfer system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	11	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Poster: An Efficient Equivalence Checking Method for Petri Net Based Models of Programs	2015	Proceedings - International Conference on Software Engineering	2015 IEEE.The initial behavioural specification of any software programs goes through significant optimizing and parallelizing transformations, automated and also human guided, before being mapped to an architecture. Establishing validity of these transformations is crucial to ensure that they preserve the original behaviour. PRES+ model (Petri net based Representation of Embedded Systems) encompassing data processing is used to model parallel behaviours. Being value based with inherent scope of capturing parallelism, PRES+ models depict such data dependencies more directly; accordingly, they are likely to be more convenient as the intermediate representations (IRs) of both the source and the transformed codes for translation validation than strictly sequential variable-based IRs like Finite State Machines with Data path (FSMDs) (which are essentially sequential control flow graphs (CFGs)). In this work, a path based equivalence checking method for PRES+ models is presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	7	Software	Equivalence checking,FSMD model,PRES+ model
Robust path tracking control of nonholonomic wheeled mobile robot: Experimental validation	2015	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2015, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.The article addresses a robust control strategy for efficient path tracking of nonholonomic wheeled mobile robot (WMR) based on time delay approach. Depending on the application requirements, nonholonomic WMR system might be subjected to various payloads, which affects the overall system mass, inertia, position of center of mass and other hardware parameters statically or dynamically. Under such circumstances, accurate modeling of nonholonomic robots is difficult and challenging. The proposed controller negotiates uncertainties caused due to payload variations as well as associated disturbances and reduces modeling effort through approximation of the overall uncertainties with a composite function. It has been shown that the controller does not require any bounds on the uncertainties, thus providing unconstrained working paradigm. The controller is proposed for a nonholonomic WMR and its effectiveness is verified through simulation and experimentally while WMR is commanded to track various paths. The superior performance is also noted against adaptive sliding mode control law.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	46	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Robust control,time delay control,time varying uncertainty,wheeled mobile robot
Smart mobile robot for security of low visibility environment	2015	2015 5th National Symposium on Information Technology: Towards New Smart World, NSITNSW 2015	2015 IEEE.The field of robotics has apparently appeared to replace jobs that humans usually dislike to do, jobs that have low tolerance for faults and risks or jobs for which human resource is not available. For these reasons, many types of robot have appeared, such as man-like robots, car-like robots and mobile robots. Mobile robots have become a target for many applications, such as security patrolling, manufacturing, materials handling in the warehouse, and many others applications. In the last decade, mobile robots have become an important topic in the security field. Several methods have been introduced to deal with mobile robot and security. Nevertheless, most of these methods are not smart enough to work in low visibility environments. In this paper, we are going to introduce a novel smart security system, which uses a mobile robot as a security patrol in dark environment. The proposed system is a non-vision based system and designed to deal with the dark environments using artificial intelligence methods (Neural Network NN and Fuzzy Logic FL). The proposed system includes a motion control model, which is responsible for the navigation operation in the monitoring area. The NN and FL techniques are used to smartly determine the abnormal situation in the monitoring area. Many levels of alarms are used to tackle the deferent level of dangers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Saudi Arabia	2	Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications	Fuzzy Logic,Mobile Robot,Neural Network,Nonvision,Security Patrol
A supervised learning model for AGV perception in unstructured environment	2015	Improving Knowledge Discovery through the Integration of Data Mining Techniques	2015, IGI Global. All rights reserved.This chapter focuses on an Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV), also known as intelligent vehicle, which is a vehicle that can navigate without human supervision. AGV navigation over an unstructured road is a challenging task and is known research problem. This chapter is to detect road area from an unstructured environment by applying a proposed classification model. The Proposed model is sub divided into three stages: (1)-preprocessing has been performed in the initial stage; (2)-road area clustering has been done in the second stage; (3)-Finally, road pixel classification has been achieved. Furthermore, combination of classification as well as clustering is used in achieving our goals. K-means clustering algorithm is used to discover biggest cluster from road scene, second big cluster area has been classified as road or non road by using the well-known technique support vector machine. The Proposed approach is validated from extensive experiments carried out on RGB dataset, which shows that the successful detection of road area and is robust against diverse road conditions such as unstructured nature, different weather and lightening variations.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Pakistan	0	Computer Science (all),Arts and Humanities (all),Social Sciences (all)	None
Optimal workload allocation in closed queueing networks with state dependent queues	2015	Annals of Operations Research	2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.The problem of optimal workload allocation in closed queueing network models with multi-server exponential infinite capacity workstations and finite capacity state dependent queueing models is examined. The processing rates (i.e. service times) of jobs in the queueing system are the main focus. State dependent queues are appropriate for modeling the transportation and material transfer of the customers and products within the system. By combining these two types of queues, we can model the processing of jobs or customers at service stations and also the material handling transfer of job and customers between these stations. Because the environment is a closed queueing network model, it allows for the dynamic interaction of the jobs and customers in the optimal workload allocation values. This combination of queues and optimal search process provides a broad range of potential applications in manufacturing and service type design operations where the travel time between workstations is important. Conveyors, automated-guided vehicle systems (AGVS), and fork lift trucks are utilized to show the full range of material handling component systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Closed networks,Optimal workload allocation
Approaches of fuzzy systems applied to an AGV dispatching system in a FMS	2015	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.Excellence in manufacturing systems has been recognized as one of the main factors behind the success of industrial companies or production companies. New technology for manufacturing processes plays a significant role in this process. Achieving the potential of technological innovations in production, however, requires a wide range of management, as well as engineering issues related to the system. The handling capacity of advanced materials is essential because without this ability of providing the material needed for the proper workstation at the right time and in the right amount, the whole plant will become “bogged down.” This makes it less efficient and thus produces less profit, and/or it operates at higher costs. This paper proposes two approaches for the dispatching of AGV (automated guided vehicle) using systems fuzzy. The first use hierarchical fuzzy rule-based model building in which the main feature is to make the base of fuzzy rules is smaller and simpler but with high coverage and interpretability. The second use adaptive genetic fuzzy system with simple prediction in which the main feature is to increase the sensitivity of the system about the variables. Both approaches using multiple attributes and having the objective decrease the makespan in a FMS (flexible manufacturing system).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV dispatching,Automated guided vehicles,FMS,Fuzzy system,Makespan minimization,Multi-attribute
Invariant chromatic descriptor for LADAR data processing	2015	Machine Vision and Applications	2015, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.A new LADAR data descriptor is proposed. This descriptor is produced from the application of the chromatic methodology to extract features from the LADAR data by applying invariant spatial chromatic processors. The descriptor developed has a high discrimination capability, robust to the effects that disturb LADAR data, and requires less storage space and computational time for recognition. The performance of the proposed LADAR descriptor is evaluated using simulated LADAR data, which are generated from special software called LADAR simulator. The simulation results show high discrimination capability for the new descriptor over the traditional techniques such as Moments descriptor. This Moments descriptor is used to benchmark the results. The results also show the robustness of the proposed descriptor in the presence of noise, low resolution, view change, rotation, translation, and scaling effects.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	4	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	Chromatic processors,Ladar descriptors,Laser radar,Lidar descriptors
A multi-agent architecture for outsourcing SMEs manufacturing supply chain	2015	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2015 Elsevier Ltd.Abstract In the present, global and competitive market customer's demands are very volatile. It is very difficult for small and medium size enterprises (SMEs) to satisfy their customer with quality product in reasonable price. Large firms are spending huge amount of their budget in generating technology development. To cope with this competitive market, usually, SMEs concentrate on their core expertise and outsource some non-core items or activities. The outsourcing decision (when, what, whom) is very crucial for small-scale industries. Realizing this scenario, in this article, an automated self-adaptive multi-agent system has been proposed. The proposed system will help SMEs to take an appropriate decision to mitigate the uncertainty in supply chain. The developed system exploits the "Outsourcing of operations" feature by its agents to conclude the manufacturing processes faster and reduce the idle time of certain machines with less human intervention. The communication protocol for agents has been described to give an insight of their communication. It was explained how various agents like outsourcing, material planning and supplier selection will come into action at different stages and take appropriate outsourcing decisions. Therefore, this multi-agent architecture will facilitate small scale manufacturing industries to execute their manufacturing processes and complex logistics issues efficiently. The execution of proposed architecture has been described in the simulated case study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	34	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated self-adaptive multi-agent system,Manufacturing supply chain,Outsourcing,SMEs
Error Characteristics of Passive Position Sensing via Coupled Magnetic Resonances Assuming Simultaneous Realization with Wireless Charging	2015	IEEE Sensors Journal	2001-2012 IEEE.Recently, wireless charging via coupled magnetic resonances has gained attention because it offers the possibility of efficient midrange wireless charging. However, recent studies have shown that the use of a position sensor is helpful in realizing efficient power transmission. In response, we have proposed a passive position sensing method that shares a common structure with a wireless charging system, enabling cost reduction, and space reduction because of integration of multiple functions into a single system and batteryless and cost-effective transponders because of passive sensing. The sensing method is useful for efficient wireless charging or even long-range navigation for mobile robots such as automated guided vehicles. However, the error characteristics of the sensor have not been previously studied. Therefore, the error characteristics of the position sensing were derived through error analysis in this paper. Moreover, the first actual experiment of 3-D position estimation was conducted to demonstrate the appropriateness of the position sensing method and to analyze the error characteristics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	15	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	coupled magnetic resonances,error characteristics,Passive position sensing,three-dimensional position sensing,wireless charging
Ensemble Coordination Approach in Multi-AGV Systems Applied to Industrial Warehouses	2015	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.This paper deals with a holistic approach to coordinate a fleet of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in an industrial environment. We propose an ensemble approach based on a two layer control architecture and on an automatic algorithm for the definition of the roadmap. The roadmap is built by considering the path planning algorithm implemented on the hierarchical architecture and vice versa. In this way, we want to manage the coordination of the whole system in order to increase the flexibility and the global efficiency. Furthermore, the roadmap is computed in order to maximize the redundancy, the coverage and the connectivity. The architecture is composed of two layers. The low-level represents the roadmap itself. The high-level describes the topological relationship among different areas of the environment. The path planning algorithm works on both these levels and the subsequent coordination among AGVs is obtained exploiting shared resource (i.e., centralized information) and local negotiation (i.e., decentralized coordination). The proposed approach is validated by means of simulations and comparison using real plants.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	46	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Multi-AGV systems,multirobot coordination,optimization,path-planning,roadmap generation
Modelling of dual-cycle strategy for container storage and vehicle scheduling problems at automated container terminals	2015	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	2015 Elsevier Ltd.This study proposes a new approach to determine the dispatching rules of AGVs and container storage locations, considering both unloading and loading processes simultaneously. We formulate this problem as a mixed integer programming model, aiming to minimise the ship's berth time. Optimal solutions can be obtained in small sizes, however, large-sized problems are hard to solve optimally in a reasonable time. Therefore, a heuristic method, i.e. genetic algorithm is designed to solve the problem in large sizes. A series of numerical experiments are carried out to evaluate the effectiveness of the integration approach and algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	32	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Automated container terminal,Container storage,Container terminal operations,Dual-cycle,Scheduling
The line coating robot - An automated mobile system for high precision powder coating	2015	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2015, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.We developed a line coating robot, which will be used to apply markings on different surfaces like roads, factory floors or the ground of swimming pools.We implemented a navigation controller for the robot that uses a laser sensor to move the robot precisely along a path that is marked with laser light. We build up a laser sensor ourselves to minimize costs and gain higher flexibility and compared this sensor to a commercial laser sensor in respect to robustness, resolution and performance.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Line following,Powder coating,Robot navigation
Response Policies to Process Module Failure in Single-Arm Cluster Tools Subject to Wafer Residency Time Constraints	2015	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.In semiconductor manufacturing, wafer residency time constraints make the scheduling problem of cluster tools complicated. A process module (PM) in cluster tools is prone to failure. It is crucial to deal with any such failure in a proper and timely manner. If there are feasible periodic schedules in operating a cluster tool before and after a PM failure, it is desired to make it operate continuously when such a failure occurs. However, due to wafer residency time constraints, it is highly challenging to control a tool such that it can be correctly transferred from a feasible schedule before failure to another after it. To solve this problem, a Petri net model is developed to describe the dynamic behavior of a single-arm cluster tool and failure response policies are proposed. The proposed policies are formulated via simple control laws for their easy implementation. Examples are given to show them.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	China	30	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,failure response,Petri net,scheduling,semiconductor manufacturing
Integrated scheduling of a multi-product multi-factory manufacturing system with maritime transport limits	2015	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	2015 Elsevier Ltd.This paper studies a practical multi-factory job allocation and scheduling problem involving inland and maritime transport limits. A new heuristic called Due-date Based Cut-off rule (DBC) is developed to improve the computational efficiency of both exact and genetic algorithms (GA). Except the application of DBC, this proposed GA is guided by a novel fuzzy controller aimed at eliminating the drawbacks other GAs have when dealing with multi-factory models. The tests of the solution quality and computational efficiency for this GA are carried out. The numerical experiments demonstrate the value of the proposed approach in this practical global supply chain.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	21	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Due date,Fuzzy logic,Genetic algorithm,Maritime transport,Mixed-integer programming,Multi-factory manufacturing system
A review of contactless electrical power transfer: Applications, challenges and future trends Pregled slanja u području bezkontaktnog prijenosa električne energije: Primjene, izazovi i trendovi	2015	Automatika	2015, KoREMA. All rights reserved.Methods of contactless electrical power transfer technologies have been surveyed and results are presented here. In this among, the inductive based contactless electrical power transfer systems are investigated in more detail. The principles, structures and operations of the systems as well as their methods presented in the literature are reviewed and their applications are explored. Also, current challenges and opportunities and future trends are noted. An effective index is proposed to compare different contactless power transfer systems describing their present statuses and the future trends. Finally, some remarks and recommendations regarding future studies are proposed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Contactless electrical power transfer,Inductive power transfer,Resonant circuits,Wireless power transfer
Time enhanced A: Towards the development of a new approach for Multi-Robot Coordination	2015	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	2015 IEEE.In this paper the authors focus on presenting a new path planning approach for a multi-robot transportation system in an industrial case scenario. The proposed method is based on the A heuristic search in a cell decomposition scenario, for which a time component was added - Time Enhanced A or simply TEA. To access the flexibility and efficiency of the proposed algorithm, a set of experiments were performed in a simulated industrial environment. During trials execution the proposed algorithm has shown high capability on preventing/dealing with the occurrence of deadlocks in the transportation system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	8	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A software prototype for material handling equipment selection for construction sites	2015	Automation in Construction	2015 Elsevier B.V.Abstract Nowadays, every industry is experiencing demographic, economic and technological shifts, which have made innovation indispensable for them. The innovation in the construction industry can be evidenced through availability of a diverse range of new material handling equipments (MHEs) in the market having varying advanced features. An MHE is a critical investment made by a construction company that may significantly affect its future performance, competitiveness and sustainability. Therefore, selecting the best MHE with the desirable characteristics from a vast array of available alternatives is one of the most onerous tasks as often being faced by the construction engineers. In this paper, a software prototype based on quality function deployment (QFD) technique is designed and developed in Visual BASIC 6.0 for selecting two most suitable bulk-type MHEs, i.e. excavator and wheel loader for specific applications at a construction site. It is integrated with QFD method to provide due importance to the spoken and unspoken needs of the customers/construction engineers. It automates the entire MHE selection process and also performs sensitivity analysis study to investigate the effect of changing criterion weight on the alternative MHEs' ranking pattern. Its potentiality and applicability in solving bulk-type MHE selection problems is demonstrated in detail.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction	Material handling equipment,Quality function deployment,Sensitivity analysis,Software prototype
Visual SLAM and Obstacle Avoidance in Real Time for Mobile Robots Navigation	2015	Proceedings - 2014 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics, Electronics, and Automotive Engineering, ICMEAE 2014	2014 IEEE.An important objective of an autonomous vehicle is to navigate through an unknown environment. A method used to achieve this objective is to generate a map. A map provides the means for the vehicle to create paths between the visited places autonomously in order to perform a task. A particular problem is to obtain such a map when there is no initial knowledge of the surroundings or not even the initial position of the robot in the environment. On other hand, avoiding static and dynamic obstacles is required, so a novel artificial potential field method is presented. The new designs that solve both problems are implemented on an FPGA. The novel designs are then tested on differential traction mobile robots with a computer vision system that travel on a controlled unknown environment. The experimental results show good performance in real time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	3	Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing	Computer Vision,FPGA implementation,SLAM algorithm
On-line optimal compositional controller synthesis for AGV by unfolding	2015	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2015, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper deals with the on-line design of an optimal supervisor to coordinate an automated guided vehicle (AGV) fleet based on the γ-unfolding. The γ-unfolding results in an automaton, which permits both to represent the behavior of each vehicle on the considered circuit, and to determine the cost of each admissible sequence directly, without the use of any optimization algorithm. It is based on the definition of energy criteria for the AGVs. We propose an on-line compositional procedure to calculate the optimal supervisor from the γ-unfolded automata modeling the different vehicles. The resulting supervisor is the least restrictive, ensures controllability and nonblocking, and minimizes the energetic cost of the AGV travels.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Control,Finite automata,On-line synthesis,Optimal strategy,Supervisory control
An Adaptive Genetic Algorithm for Production Scheduling on Manufacturing Systems with Simultaneous Use of Machines and AGVs	2015	Journal of Control, Automation and Electrical Systems	2015, Brazilian Society for Automatics--SBA.The problem of production scheduling of manufacturing systems involves the system modeling task and the application of a technique to solve it. This kind of scheduling is characterized by the large number of possible solutions, where several researches have been using the genetic algorithms as a search method to solve this problem, since these algorithms have the capacity of globally exploring the search space and to find good solutions quickly. This paper proposes the use of adaptive genetic algorithm to solve this kind of scheduling problem. The aim of this paper was to obtain a good production schedule considering simultaneous use of machines and automated guided vehicles that minimize the makespan with low running time. The results of this paper were validated in large scenarios and compared with other approach. These results are presented and discussed in this paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Control theory,Evolutionary computing,Flexible manufacturing system,Heuristic methods,Scheduling
Event-driven receding horizon control for energy-efficient container handling	2015	Control Engineering Practice	2015 Elsevier Ltd.The performance of container terminals needs to be improved to adapt the growth of containers while maintaining sustainability. This paper provides a methodology for determining the trajectory of interacting machines that transport containers between the quayside area and the stacking area in an automated container terminal. The behaviors of the interacting machines are modeled as a combination of discrete-event dynamics and continuous-time dynamics. An event-driven receding horizon controller (RHC) is proposed for achieving energy efficient container handling. The underlying control problems are hereby formulated as a collection of small optimization problems that are solved in a receding horizon way. Simulation studies illustrate that energy consumption of container handling can indeed be reduced by the proposed methodology. Moreover, an assessment is made of performance of the proposed RHC controller under different types of uncertainties.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Automated container terminals,Hybrid dynamical systems,Receding horizon control
An approach to multi-agent interactive control in an intelligent space	2015	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2015, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.A new type of multi-agent interactive control is proposed in an intelligent space system, which is based on heterogeneous multiple vision sensors. The vision sensors consist of two groups: static (fixed) cameras and dynamic (pan-tilt) cameras. The proposed system operates in two different modes according to the sensor groups. The system in each mode can detect and track the agents interactively. The first mode using static cameras concentrates on the localization accuracy of agent information. The second mode using dynamic cameras focuses on the robust tracking for the agent-of-interest. We also propose the interactive camera handoff methods for cooperative tracking for multiagents. The system performance is evaluated by practical experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Heterogeneous sensors,intelligent space,interactive control,multi-agent system
Maximally permissive deadlock avoidance for resource allocation systems with R/W-locks	2015	Discrete Event Dynamic Systems: Theory and Applications	2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.This paper extends the existing theory on maximally permissive liveness-enforcing supervision of resource allocation systems (RAS) so that it can handle RAS with reader / writer (R/W-) locks. A key challenge that is posed by this new RAS class stems from the fact that the underlying state space is not necessarily finite. We effectively address this obstacle by taking advantage of special structure that exists in the set of inadmissible states and enables a finite representation of this set through its minimal elements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock,Discrete event systems,Parallel programming,Reader/writer locks,Right-closed sets,Supervisory control
A novel vehicle reversing speed control based on obstacle detection and sparse representation	2015	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2014 IEEE.In this paper we present a vehicle safety method for reversing speed control based on obstacle detection and sparse representation. The proposed system consists of three main steps, namely, binocular camera obstacle detection and segmentation, obstacle tracking and recognition, and vehicle reversing speed control algorithm. First of all, a binocular camera system is used to detect obstacles as a vehicle is reversing. Using disparity computation and triangulation, we can get all objects' distance information in the rear of a vehicle. Second, the framework of particle filter and sparse representation are used to track and identify the main obstacles such as human or animal bodies, vehicles, or any other objects. Finally, the vehicle reversing speed control algorithm, which controls the electronic throttle opening and automatic braking prior to collisions, makes the reversing control safer and more reliable. This system has been field tested on a Dodge sport utility vehicle by which the final performance evaluation demonstrates the validity of the proposed vehicle reversing speed control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Binocular camera system,obstacle detection,obstacle tracking and recognition,particle filter,sparse representation,vehicle reversing control
A fast and low-cost vision-based line tracking measurement system for robotic vehicles	2015	Acta IMEKO	2015 IMEKO.Localization and tracking systems are nowadays a quite common solution for automated guided vehicles (AGV) in industrial environments. The bunch of technological solutions developed in this sector is now being revitalized by their applications in service robots, e.g. for safe navigation in crowded public spaces or in autonomous cars. Related to this field are robotic competitions and races. In this particular scenario, the robot often has to track a line painted on the ground. Line tracking techniques typically rely on light dependent resistors (LDR), photo-diodes or photo-transistors detecting the light generated by normal or infrared Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs), arrays of electric inductance sensors or vision systems. Crucial issues for line tracking are: accuracy and reliability in estimating the direction of the moving vehicle with respect to the line and processing speed. Such problems are particularly critical when high-speed mobile robots are considered. To address this issue, in this paper a vision-based technique of moderate computational complexity is described. The proposed solution has been implemented on a low-cost embedded platform and relies on a high frame rate light contrast sensor, a tailored RANSAC-based algorithm and a Kalman filter. The reported experimental results prove that the proposed solution is able to track the direction of the vehicle in real-time even when the field of view of the camera is limited and the vehicle moves at high speed. Copyright:	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	3	Instrumentation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Direction estimation,Image processing,Kalman filters,Random sample and consensus,Real-time,Vehicular technologies
A study of autonomous evasive planar-maneuver against proportional-navigation guidance missiles for unmanned aircraft	2015	ACDT 2015 - Proceedings: The 1st Asian Conference on Defence Technology	2015 IEEE.Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) have shown themselves to be highly useful for Airborne Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance (ISR) missions. Currently UAVs are remotely piloted, meaning they may not effectively execute defensive maneuvers when they suddenly confront a threat, i.e. an incoming missile. This paper analyzes basic defensive maneuvers of a fixed wing UAV which could be used for autonomous responses against missiles guided with a proportional navigation (PN) guidance law. The information on positions and velocities of the aircraft and missile are used in the determination of effective evasive maneuver characteristics. Numerical simulations are performed to evaluate the performance of developed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	5	Automotive Engineering,Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Evasive maneuvers,Missile countermeasures,UAV control law
Multimodal processes prototyping subject to fuzzy operation time constraints	2015	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2015, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.The paper describes a Multimodal Transportation Network (MTN) in which several unimodal networks (Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), hoists, lifts, etc.) interact with each other via common shared workstations to provide a variety of demand-responsive material handling operations. Different material handling transport modes provide movement of work pieces between workstations along their manufacturing routes in the MTN. In this context the multimodal processes standing behind multiproduct production flow while executed in MTN can be seen as processes realized with synergic utilization of various local periodically acting processes. Such processes play a determining role in the evaluation of functioning efficiency inter alia in public transport systems, goods transport, energy and data transmission etc. The solution to a constraint satisfaction problem aimed at AGVs fleet match-up scheduling subject to fuzzy operation times constraints is our main contribution. In the considered case both production rate (production takt) and operations execution time are described by imprecise (fuzzy) data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	5	Control and Systems Engineering	AGVs fleet scheduling,Declarative modeling,Fuzzy constraints,Multimodal process
Zone design of tandem loop AGVs path with hybrid algorithm	2015	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2015, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.AGV has been widely used in flexible manufacturing system. In order to prevent AGV collision for a workshop with complicated and crossover AGV paths, a dynamic tandem loop AGV path design method is proposed. A mathematical model for tandem loop AGV path optimization is established with the goal to minimize material flow between different loops of AGV path. AGV load balancing and material flow-within-loop balancing between different loops are taken as constraints. A hybrid genetic simulated annealing algorithm is proposed for optimization. The optimal scheme of allocating workstations to different tandem loops can be obtained finally. Case studies results, including an air conditioner assembly workshop AGV path design, have shown that the method is feasible and effective.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering	Genetic simulated annealing algorithm,Optimization,Tandem loop AGV path,Zone design
A simulation optimization method for vehicles dispatching among multiple container terminals	2015	Expert Systems with Applications	2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Container terminals, serving as the hubs between container ships and other transportations nodes, are of extreme importance in streamlining the ever increasing global trade. Many different factors affect the service efficiency in container terminals, which inspire great interest in both industrial and academic researches. This work focuses on vehicle dispatching problem which decides, for each internal vehicle in the port, where to go to find a new loading or unloading task in container terminals after finishing the previous one. A multi-factor online dispatching method, which takes both empty traveling and location balance into consideration, is proposed to fit the current condition of the physical and information infrastructure in most of the ports in mainland China. Such a method is established by using combined evolution searching function and discrete event simulation. Through comparing our dispatching method with the traditional dedicated vehicle dispatching methods in various simulation cases, together with theoretical analysis, we prove that our method delivers substantial efficiency improvement in terms of reducing ship serving time and vehicle empty traveling, regardless of changing environment we have examined in the study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	16	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Container terminal,Event-driven simulation,Evolution algorithm,Online dispatching
Motion coordination of AGV's in FMS using petri nets	2015	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2015, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper proposes a modeling strategy for automated Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) that incorporates automated guided vehicles (AGV's) as material handling systems. Using the industrial standard ISA-95, the task-based coordination of equipment and storages is constructed considering process restrictions, logical precedence conditions, shared resources and the assignment of the robots to move work pieces individually or in subgroups. The Petri Net model calls in the low level to formation, marching and collision avoidance control laws, for omnidirectional robots. The hybrid architecture is implemented and validated for the case of a FMS and four mobile robots.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Automation,Formation control,Marching control,Multi-robot systems,Petri nets
Deadlock-free scheduling method for flexible manufacturing systems based on timed colored petri nets and anytime heuristic search	2015	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.This paper addresses the deadlock (DL)-free scheduling problem of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) characterized by resource sharing, limited buffer capacity, routing flexibility, and the availability of material handling systems. The FMS scheduling problem is formulated using timed colored Petri net (TCPN) modeling where each operation has a certain number of preconditions, an estimated duration, and a set of postconditions. Based on the reachability analysis of TCPN modeling, we propose a new anytime heuristic search algorithm which finds optimal or near-optimal DL-free schedules with respect to makespan as the performance criterion. The methodology tackles the time-constrained problem of very demanding systems (high diversity production and make-to-order) in which computational time is a critical factor to produce optimal schedules that are DL-free. In such a rapidly changing environment and under tight customer due-dates, producing optimal schedules becomes intractable given the time limitations and the NP-hard nature of scheduling problems. The proposed anytime search algorithm combines breadth-first iterative deepening A∗ with suboptimal breadth-first heuristic search and backtracking. It guarantees that the search produces the best solution obtained so far within the allotted computation time and provides better solutions when given more time. The effectiveness of the approach is evaluated on a comprehensive benchmark set of DL-prone FMS examples and the computational results show the superiority of the proposed approach over the previous works.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	46	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Anytime heuristic search,deadlock-free,flexible manufacturing systems (FMS),Petri nets (PN),reachability analysis,scheduling
A novel algorithm for wafer sojourn time analysis of single-arm cluster tools with wafer residency time constraints and activity time variation	2015	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.This paper addresses the scheduling problem of single-arm cluster tools with both wafer residency time constraints and activity time variation in semiconductor manufacturing. Based on a Petri net model developed in our previous work, polynomial algorithms are proposed to obtain the exact upper bound of the wafer sojourn time delay for the first time. With the obtained results, one can check the feasibility of a given schedule or find a feasible and optimal one if it exists. Illustrative examples are given to show the applications of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	26	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,discrete event system,manufacturing,Petri net (PN),scheduling
Evaluation of the floaterm concept at marine container terminals via simulation	2015	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.International seaborne trade rose significantly during the past decades. This created the need to increase capacity of existing marine container terminals to meet the growing demand. The major objective of this paper is to evaluate the floaterm concept using simulation modeling and determine if it can improve terminal productivity. The main difference between floaterm and conventional marine container terminals is that, in the former case, transshipment containers are handled by off-shore quay cranes and stored on container barges. Two terminal configurations performance is compared (vessel handling times and equipment utilization) under normal and disruptive conditions. Computational experiments confirm preliminary expectations that the floaterm concept can enhance efficiency of marine container terminal operations under normal and disruptive conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	13	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Container terminals,Floating quay cranes,Maritime transportation,Simulation
The flying sidekick traveling salesman problem: Optimization of drone-assisted parcel delivery	2015	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2015 Elsevier Ltd.Once limited to the military domain, unmanned aerial vehicles are now poised to gain widespread adoption in the commercial sector. One such application is to deploy these aircraft, also known as drones, for last-mile delivery in logistics operations. While significant research efforts are underway to improve the technology required to enable delivery by drone, less attention has been focused on the operational challenges associated with leveraging this technology. This paper provides two mathematical programming models aimed at optimal routing and scheduling of unmanned aircraft, and delivery trucks, in this new paradigm of parcel delivery. In particular, a unique variant of the classical vehicle routing problem is introduced, motivated by a scenario in which an unmanned aerial vehicle works in collaboration with a traditional delivery truck to distribute parcels. We present mixed integer linear programming formulations for two delivery-by-drone problems, along with two simple, yet effective, heuristic solution approaches to solve problems of practical size. Solutions to these problems will facilitate the adoption of unmanned aircraft for last-mile delivery. Such a delivery system is expected to provide faster receipt of customer orders at less cost to the distributor and with reduced environmental impacts. A numerical analysis demonstrates the effectiveness of the heuristics and investigates the tradeoffs between using drones with faster flight speeds versus longer endurance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	242	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Heuristics,Integer programming,Logistics,Traveling salesman problem,Unmanned aerial vehicle,Vehicle routing problem
Scheduling in-line multiple cluster tools	2015	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	2015 IEEE.A cluster tool which is widely used for wafer fabrication processes consists of several processing modules (PMs), a transport robot, loadlocks, and an equipment front-end module (EFEM) in which a wafer cassette is loaded and unloaded. A wafer cassette with 25 identical wafers is transported by an overhead hoist transfer (OHT) between cluster tools and stored in a stocker when the corresponding tool is not available. Due to a large number of tools and wafer cassettes in a fab, it is extremely complicated to operate OHTs so as to minimize the idle times of the tools. Therefore, fabs tend to reduce the transportation tasks by arranging tools in a line with a buffer. In this paper, we introduce a new system called in-line multiple cluster tools which have many challenging operation issues for researchers and propose simple and practical methods to operate the system. We first develop mixed integer programming models to assign wafers to parallel PMs and derive a priority rule-based scheduling policy for the EFEM operation while minimizing the makespan of producing 25 wafers. We also propose multimode operation in which a component tool in the system processes multiple wafer types at the same time to improve the utilization rate of the tool.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	17	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	In-line multiple cluster tools,mixed integer programming (MIP),multimode operational strategy,scheduling
Supervisor Synthesis and Performance Improvement for Automated Manufacturing Systems by Using Petri Nets	2015	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.For event-driven systems like automated manufacturing systems (AMSs), intelligent part dispatching, i.e., to assign various parts to proper processing routes, is crucial to gain high resource utilization and production efficiency. This work proposes an innovative dispatching mechanism, which can better these metrics by minimizing the cycle time, i.e., the mean time to produce a product, while avoiding any deadlock, i.e., no part can proceed due to circuit wait. Its prerequisite is liveness supervision; however, temporal information is associated to certain operation stages for the sake of performance evaluation and throughput maximization, i.e., to maximize the finished-part quantity per time unit. In the paradigm of Petri nets, we show the criticality to prioritize certain activities locally. Our method can well design ratio parameters among distinct processes to improve system productivity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	22	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),performance improvement,Petri nets,supervisor synthesis
Applying lean production principles to facilities design of ramp-up factories	2015	Facilities	2015 Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose – This study aims to examine how lean production principles (LPP) can be incorporated in the context of ramp-up factories to improve future ramp-up factory designs. The application of LPP to the facilities design of ramp-up factories can help to reduce waste and achieve higher-quality products. However, the traditional design philosophy of “design follows function” has not considered the application of LPP during the early design development stage to more effectively meet tenants’ operational needs at the occupation stage. Design/methodology/approach – Based on a review of past literature, a set of LPP-driven facilities design features is presented, which seek to integrate traditional design principles and LPP. A survey was subsequently carried out with tenants operating in ramp-up factories to determine the relevance of the proposed LPP-driven facilities design features from their perspectives. Findings – It is found that generally most of the proposed LPP-driven facilities design features can help to improve tenants’ operational needs after the building is occupied. The study found that the significant LPP-driven facilities design features for ramp-up factories include: large span, clear floor-to-ceiling height, rectangular bay, wide frontage area, mezzanine floor system, evenly distributed lighting, white or light colour surfaces, private parking spaces, private loading/unloading bay, clearly defined car park entrance, wide vehicular ramp, wide driveway, sheltered loading/unloading bay and multi-storey car park embedded in the complex. The reasons for their significance are explained in the study. Practical implications – The LPP design model for ramp-up factories provides a useful checklist of important tenants’ requirements for the designers of ramp-up factories. This research also suggests that it is desirable to apply LPP in the design stage to improve the facilities design of ramp-up factories that is beneficial to tenants at the occupation stage. Originality/value – This research formulated a design model integrated with LPP for ramp-up factories. It extends the traditional design approach of “design follows function” to encompass LPP to transform the approach to a new LPP-driven facilities design philosophy. This new approach serves to better meet tenants’ requirements at the occupation stage. It is recommended that architecture schools incorporate the LPP-driven facilities design approach as one of their educational outcomes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	4	Human Factors and Ergonomics,Architecture,Building and Construction	Design and development,Lean production,Productivity,Ramp-up factories
A holistic production planning approach in a reconfigurable manufacturing system with energy consumption and environmental effects	2015	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2014  2014 Taylor & Francis.Consideration for the energy consumption and environmental impacts is required depending on the changed capacity under a flexible and reconfigurable manufacturing environment. This article focuses on a holistic production planning approach in a reconfigurable manufacturing system. The energy consumption and material flows that are incurred on the reconfigurable manufacturing system are defined from the perspective of the processing plan describing how to make a part. The suggested energy estimation model integrates the existing literature and set up a newly modified model including diverse part handling systems such as automated guided vehicle and conveyor in more detail. Alternative system reconfigurations are analysed in order to dynamically evaluate the performance in terms of different holistic criteria such as the energy consumption, environmental effects and throughput. A production planning model with the multi-objective function for minimising the energy consumption and maximising the throughput is developed. The benefit coming from the adoption of suggested model has been addressed with reference to a real industrial use case study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	22	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Alternative process plans,Energy and environmental effects,Minimum energy consumption,Production planning,Reconfigurable manufacturing system
UWB-based localization in large indoor scenarios: Optimized placement of anchor nodes	2015	IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems	2015 IEEE.In this paper, we consider the problem of locating a target node (TN) moving along a corridor in a large industrial environment by means of ultrawide band signaling from fixed anchor nodes (ANs) uniformly positioned at the same height on both sides of the corridor. For a representative geometry of a large indoor (industrial) scenario, we formulate an analytical approach to the optimized placement (in terms of internode distance) of ANs using the criterion of minimizing the average mean square error (MSE) in the time-difference-of-arrival-based estimated positions of the TN. Under the assumption of a fixed variance of the range estimation error, we derive a simple closed-form expression for the optimal inter-AN distance in terms of the corridor width and the height of the ANs. The effectiveness of the analytical approach is confirmed by simulations. We also show that the proposed approach allows the MSE in the TN position estimates to reach the Cramer Rao lower bound.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	33	Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Development of an intelligent control based vehicle following system	2015	Mobile Robotics: Principles, Techniques and Applications	2015 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.Controllers and compensators are widely used in the design and development of mobile robotic devices for various applications such as exploration, search and rescue, surveillance, or object manipulation and transport. In this chapter, an intelligent controller is designed and implemented for a vehicle following system. The system provides longitudinal action of a vehicle driver when it follows another vehicle and maintains a safe following distance to a leading vehicle. The intelligent control is implemented using fuzzy logic on a pair of Lego robotic vehicles. A model of the vehicle following system is created using Simulink and Matlab's Fuzzy Logic Toolbox is used to develop a fuzzy inference system for intelligent control. A Sugeno type fuzzy system is selected for efficient computation on Lego NXT controllers. A two input single output fuzzy system is proposed. The inputs are the error from a target following distance and the rate at which the error is changing. A motor speed PWM change is the output. After empirical tuning of the intelligent controller in Simulink, it is implemented in hardware on a Lego NXT controller using Robot C. Simulation and hardware results verify that the intelligent controller is able to perform closely to the specified requirements.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Fiji	0	Engineering (all)	None
Integrated internal truck, yard crane and quay crane scheduling in a container terminal considering energy consumption	2015	Expert Systems with Applications	2014 Elsevier Ltd.Container terminals mainly include three types of handling equipment, i.e.; quay cranes (QCs), internal trucks (ITs) and yard cranes (YCs). Due to high cost of the handling equipment, container terminals can hardly purchase additional handling equipment. Therefore, the reasonable scheduling of these handling equipment, especially coordinated scheduling of the three types of handling equipment, plays an important role in the service level and energy-saving of container terminal. This paper addresses the problem of integrated QC scheduling, IT scheduling and YC scheduling. Firstly, this problem is formulated as a mixed integer programming model (MIP), where the objective is to minimize the total departure delay of all vessels and the total transportation energy consumption of all tasks. Furthermore, an integrated simulation-based optimization method is developed for solving the problem, where the simulation is designed for evaluation and optimization algorithm is designed for searching solution space. The optimization algorithm integrates genetic algorithm (GA) and particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm, where the GA is used for global search and the PSO is used for local search. Finally, numerical experiments are conducted to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. The results show that the proposed method can coordinate the scheduling of the three types of handling equipment and can realize the optimal trade-off between time-saving and energy-saving.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	73	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Container terminal,Energy consumption,Integrated scheduling,Mixed integer programming,Simulation-based optimization
Bio-inspired approach to learning robot motion trajectories and visual control commands	2015	Expert Systems with Applications	2014 Elsevier Ltd.In this paper, a novel bio-inspired learning control approach (BILCA) for mobile robots based on Learning from Demonstration (LfD), Firefly Algorithm (FA), and homography between current and target camera view is developed. BILCA consists of two steps: (i) first step in which the actuator commands are learned using FA and demonstrations of desired behavior, and (ii) second step in which the obtained wheel commands are evaluated through the real world experiment. Two different problems are considered in this study: trajectory reproduction, and generation of visual control commands for correction of robot orientation. Developed simulations are used to evaluate BILCA in the domain of learning actuator commands for reproduction of different complex trajectories. Results show that the bigger firefly swarms produce better results in terms of accuracy in the final mobile robot pose, and that the desired trajectory is reproduced with minimal error in final control iteration. Likewise, simulations prove that the FA outperforms other metaheuristic techniques. Experiment conducted on a real mobile robot in indoor environment unifies two considered problems within a single transportation task. Depending of the feature position in the image plane, the homography controller for forward motion or the BILCA based controller for robot orientation correction is employed. Experimental results show the applicability and effectiveness of the developed intelligent approach in real world conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	15	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Bat Algorithm,Demonstration,Firefly Algorithm,Homography,Learning from,Mobile robot,Particle Swarm Optimization,Visual control
Agent-Based Control of Production Systems-and Its Architectural Challenges	2015	Industrial Agents: Emerging Applications of Software Agents in Industry	2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.Increasing system complexity and flexibility are two major trends in production systems, leading to increasingly problematic control architectures and implementation processes. Oft-discussed solutions for this problem are agent-oriented control systems and agent technology, enabling a more suitable management of design, implementation, and use complexity. Within this paper, best practices reached in this field over the last several years are summarized. They give a short but consistent overview about the current borderline of the applicability of agent-oriented control systems in production systems. Based on this borderline, future challenges concerning agent technology for production control systems are derived and a vision about how to address them is presented.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	5	Computer Science (all)	Agent-based control,Control architecture,Cyber-physical production system,Cyber-physical system,Distributed system,Multi-agent system,Production system
A wireless power charging method for Automated Guided Vehicle	2015	2014 IEEE International Electric Vehicle Conference, IEVC 2014	2014 IEEE.For solving the problems when charging the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) which is applied in the plant, a charging method based on a non-contact/wireless manner is proposed in this paper. By using this wireless charging method, the unsecure factors such as interface aging and low level of automation caused by using a traditional wire charging method are improved. Firstly, a simulation model of the resonant system at the primary-secondary side is established based on the principle of wireless energy transfer technology. Secondly, a hardware platform is designed based on a theoretical calculation of the resonant coupling simulation model, which meets the requirements of the AGV system. Finally, the distance between the transmitter and receiver can be adjusted from 20 mm to 35 mm. A constant-current charging strategy is employed in the wireless charging apparatus for charging six lead-acid batteries each has a capacity of 120Ah. The system efficiency reaches 80% during the charging process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	7	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Automotive Engineering	AGV,constant-current,wirless charging
Blocking job shop cell scheduling with automated guided vehicles	2015	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	2014 IEEE.The blocking job shop(BJS) problem is an extension of job shop problem with no buffer constraints, means after completed on the current machine, the job remains on it until the next machine becomes available. This paper addresses an extension of BJS problem, which takes into account transferring job between different machines by limited number of automated guided vehicles (AGV), called BJS-AGV problem. To deal with BJS-AGV problem, an integer nonlinear programming(INLP) model is proposed to describe BJS-AGV problem. A two stage heuristic algorithm combining an improving timetabling method and local search is proposed to solve BJS-AGV problem. Computation results are presented for testing a set of benchmark instances, some of instances are enlarged by transportation time between different machines. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed two stage algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Blocking,Disjunctive graph model,Job shop scheduling,Local search
A petri net-based discrete-event control of automated manufacturing systems with assembly operations	2015	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	1993-2012 IEEE.In the context of automated manufacturing systems (AMSs), Petri nets are widely adopted to solve the modeling, analysis, and control problems. So far, nearly all known approaches to liveness-enforcing supervisory control study AMSs with flexible routes, whereas little work investigates the ones with synchronization operations. Compared with flexibility, synchronization allows the disassembly and assembly operations that correspond to splitting to and merging from different subprocesses, respectively. Such structures bring difficulties to establish a liveness condition of the Petri net model of AMSs. In this paper, we propose a novel class of systems, which can well deal with these features so as to facilitate the investigation of such complex systems. Using structural analysis, we show that their liveness can be attributed to deadlock freeness, which is much easier to analyze, detect, and control by synthesizing a proper supervisory controller. Furthermore, a set of mathematical formulations is proposed to describe and extract the corresponding deadlocks. This facilitates the synthesis of liveness enforcing supervisors as it avoids the consideration of deadlock-free but nonlive scenarios. The effectiveness and efficiency of this new method is shown by AMS examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	74	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Assembly operation,automated manufacturing system (AMS),deadlock resolution,discrete event systems,Petri nets,supervisory control
Combined rate of penetration and pressure regulation for drilling optimization by use of high-speed telemetry	2015	SPE Drilling and Completion	Copyright  2015 Society of Petroleum Engineers.Low-latency feedback, high bandwidth, and improved sensor placement are key benefits provided by wired-drillpipe (WDP) technology. Improved WDP reliability, based on more than 100 wells of field experience, enables more-aggressive application of the technology, including closed-loop control of drilling processes. Often, there is a requirement to consider multiple variables when attempting to control complex processes, such as drilling in deepwater wells. Such is the case when dynamically optimizing rate of penetration (ROP) in a pressure-critical wellbore environment. Formerly, ROP and bottomhole pressure (BHP) have been considered separate optimization and automation tasks, respectively. This study combines ROP and BHP into a single comprehensive controller for a managed-pressure-drilling (MPD) application. The controller adjusts mud-pump flow rate, choke-valve position, drillstring-rotation rate, and weight on bit simultaneously and with coordinated actions. The automated operations are guided by an objective function that includes factors relevant to both BHP stabilization and ROP maximization. A preliminary MPD case study is used to assess the performance during different drilling events, including transition into varying formations, causing an unexpected gas influx. For the unwanted-gas-influx case, the controller better stabilizes the pressure when there are low-latency communications by simultaneously adjusting ROP. With WDP and the optimizing controller, there is substantial decrease in time required to control influx events compared with earlier controllers or manual methods. The high-speed data availability affects both the pressure-control reaction time and the resulting severity of the kick. When encountering different formations, there is also noticeable benefit by allowing pressure to fluctuate within an acceptable range to optimize ROP. Combining ROP control and BHP control minimizes risk, decreases drilling costs, and reduces operator workload. Improvements in drilling performance include higher ROP, lower risk of uncontrolled kick events, and more-uniform cuttings loading. Another benefit of this combined ROP/BHP controller is that the reaction to gas influx is made more consistent and predictable relative to manual operations, reducing the demand for time-consuming remedial efforts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Mechanical Engineering	None
Robust sequential learning of feedforward neural networks in the presence of heavy-tailed noise	2015	Neural Networks	2014 Elsevier Ltd.Feedforward neural networks (FFNN) are among the most used neural networks for modeling of various nonlinear problems in engineering. In sequential and especially real time processing all neural networks models fail when faced with outliers. Outliers are found across a wide range of engineering problems. Recent research results in the field have shown that to avoid overfitting or divergence of the model, new approach is needed especially if FFNN is to run sequentially or in real time. To accommodate limitations of FFNN when training data contains a certain number of outliers, this paper presents new learning algorithm based on improvement of conventional extended Kalman filter (EKF). Extended Kalman filter robust to outliers (EKF-OR) is probabilistic generative model in which measurement noise covariance is not constant; the sequence of noise measurement covariance is modeled as stochastic process over the set of symmetric positive-definite matrices in which prior is modeled as inverse Wishart distribution. In each iteration EKF-OR simultaneously estimates noise estimates and current best estimate of FFNN parameters. Bayesian framework enables one to mathematically derive expressions, while analytical intractability of the Bayes' update step is solved by using structured variational approximation. All mathematical expressions in the paper are derived using the first principles. Extensive experimental study shows that FFNN trained with developed learning algorithm, achieves low prediction error and good generalization quality regardless of outliers' presence in training data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	20	Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	Feedforward neural networks,Heavy-tailed noise,Inverse Wishart distribution,Robust extended Kalman filter,Sequential learning,Structured variational approximation
Modeling multiple humanitarian objectives in emergency response to large-scale disasters	2015	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	2014 Elsevier Ltd.In this paper, we characterize the humanitarian objectives of emergency resource allocation and distribution in disaster response operations. We formulate the humanitarian principles as three objective functions, i.e., lifesaving utility, delay cost and fairness. An integrated multi-objective optimization model that combines resource allocation with emergency distribution is developed, where a time space network is used to incorporate the frequent information and decision updates in a rolling horizon approach. The proposed model is shown to be a convex quadratic network flow problem, for which we design an efficient Variational Inequality algorithm. Computational results are reported to illustrate the performance of the proposed model and algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	73	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Emergency distribution,Humanitarian logistics,Mathematical programming,Multi-objective optimization,Resource allocation,Utility function
Deadlock prevention for flexible manufacturing systems via controllable siphon basis of Petri nets	2015	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.Siphons are a kind of special structural objects in a Petri net, and plays a key role in synthesizing a live Petri net controller for flexible manufacturing systems. In order to obtain a small size Petri net controller, this paper introduces the concept of a controllable siphon basis. It then proves that a live Petri net controller can be established by adding a control place and related arcs to each strict minimal siphon (SMS) in a controllable siphon basis. The initial markings of control places are determined by an integer linear program. The number of control places in the obtained controllers is the same as the number of SMSs in the controllable siphon basis, while the latter is no more than that of the activity places in a Petri net model. An algorithm for constructing a controllable siphon basis is proposed, and a new deadlock prevention policy based on it is established. A few examples are provided to demonstrate the proposed concepts and policy and used to compare them with the state-of-the-art methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	42	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete event systems,flexible manufacturing systems,integer linear program (ILP),Petri nets
Minimization of delay and travel time of yard trucks in container terminals using an improved GA with guidance search	2015	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2015 Z. X. Wang et al.Yard truck scheduling and storage allocation problems (YTS-SAP) are two important issues that influence the efficiency of a container terminal. These two problems aim to determine the routing of trucks and proper storage locations for discharging containers from incoming vessels. This paper integrates YTS and SAP as a whole and tries to minimize the weighted summation of total delay and total yard trucks travel time. A genetic algorithm (GA) is proposed to deal with the problem. In the proposed GA, guidance mutation approach and exhaustive heuristic for local searching are used in order to force the GA to converge faster and be steadier. To test the performance of the proposed GA, both small scale and large scale cases are studied. The results of these cases are compared with CPLEX for the small scale cases. Since this problem is an NP-hard problem, which CPLEX cannot solve, a simple GA is studied for comparison in large scale cases. The comparison demonstrates that the proposed GA can obtain near optimal solutions in much shorter computational time for small scale cases. In addition, the proposed GA can obtain better results than other methods in reasonable time for large scale cases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	4	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Omnidirectional wheeled mobile robots: Wheel types and practical applications	2015	International Journal of Advanced Mechatronic Systems	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Omnidirectional wheeled mobile robots (OWMRs) have gained increasingly popularity because they can move into any direction, while their orientation can be pointed to any angles. Thus, the aims of this paper are to update a literature review of OWMRs and to categorise interesting research papers according to wheel types, wheel arrangements, and their practical applications. Wheel types are divided into special omnidirectional wheels and steerable conventional wheels. Advantages and disadvantages of each type of OWMRs are also pointed out in order to help robotic designers to choose an appropriate wheel mechanism. Then, practical applications are presented to show the usefulness of OWMRs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Thailand	9	Mechanical Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	Mecanum wheels,Omnidirectional mobile robots,Powered castor wheels,Special omnidirectional wheels,Special wheels,Steerable conventional wheels,Steerable standard wheels,Universal wheels,Wheel types,Wheeled mobile robots
An improved memetic algorithm to enhance the sustainability and reliability of transport in container terminals	2015	Proceedings of the 2014 7th IEEE Symposium on Computational Intelligence for Security and Defense Applications, CISDA 2014	2014 IEEE.This paper improves our previous attempts in which we studied a combination of an evolutionary algorithm (EA) and Monte Carlo simulation (MCS). Results of those studies showed the process of sampling in MCS is very time consuming. This prevents the EA from producing an accurate estimation of the robust solutions within reasonable time. Thus the present work improves the performance of the EA to make it possible to reach high quality solutions in reasonable time, therefore yielding a number of more practical solutions in real cases. Firstly, it proposes a new sampling technique to generate samples that better reflect the worst-case scenarios. This helps the EA to find more robust solutions using smaller sample sizes. Secondly, it proposes a new adaptive sampling technique to adjust the sample size during evolution. Subsequently, to evaluate the proposed algorithm we tested it in a typical environment with shuttle transport tasks: container terminal. Experimental results show that such improvements led to a significantly improved performance of the EA, thus making the proposed algorithm perfectly usable for empirical cases.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Co-simulation of Matlab and FlightGear for identification and control of aircraft	2015	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2015, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.The paper outlines the development of a co-simulation solution of Matlab and Flight-Gear in which the communication between these programs is done via UDP without needing further toolsets. The simulation and rendering is done by FlightGear. Flight measurement signals are sent to Matlab, which in turn sends back actuator input values computed by a flight control system. First, gray-box models of the aircraft dynamics are identified for different altitudes for longitudinal and lateral dynamics so that gain-scheduled controllers can be used. The output quantities to be controlled are altitude and heading and three state-space controllers (MPC, LQR and a gain-scheduled LQR) are designed and compared by tracking two reference signals including steps and ramps. At the end the robustness of the controllers are verified by flying in turbulent weather conditions.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Austria	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Aerospace computer control,Automated guided vehicles,Co-Simulation,LQG control method,LQR control method,Parameter estimation,Predictive control
Advanced modeling of a 2-kW series-series resonating inductive charger for real electric vehicle	2015	IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology	2014 IEEE.This paper focuses on the design of a contactless charging system for electric vehicles (EVs) using inductive loops connected to a resonance converter. The study carries out the system operation, electromagnetic radiation, and testing. It is shown that the presence of the chassis leads to a double resonance and has a strong influence on the radiated fields.	Journal	j	re	Review	France	40	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Electric vehicle (EV),inductive charging,radiated electromagnetic fields (EMFs),resonance converter
Scheduling of single-arm multi-cluster tools with wafer residency time constraints in semiconductor manufacturing	2015	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	2014 IEEE.This paper studies the challenging problem of scheduling single-arm multi-cluster tools with wafer residency time constraints. They have a linear topology and their bottleneck tool is process-bound. This work aims to find an optimal one-wafer cyclic schedule. With the Petri net model developed in our previous work and the minimal cycle time for a multicluster tool without wafer residency time constraints, it derives the necessary and sufficient schedulability conditions for multicluster tools with wafer residency time constraints for the first time. Then, it gives an algorithm to find an optimal one-wafer cyclic schedule if schedulable. This is done by simply setting the robots' waiting time for each tool. Thus, it is very computationally efficient and applicable to practical problems. An example is presented to illustrate the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	47	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	cluster tool,Petri net,scheduling,semiconductor manufacturing
Evaluation of inter terminal transport configurations at Rotterdam Maasvlakte using discrete event simulation	2015	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2014 IEEE.In this paper, various Inter Terminal Transport (ITT) systems for the Port of Rotterdam are evaluated. The Port Authority is investigating possible solutions for the transport of containers between terminals at the existing so-called Maasvlakte 1 and new Maasvlakte 2 areas within the port. A discrete event simulation model is presented that incorporates traffic modeling, which means that delays occurring due to traffic will have an impact on the system's performance. The model is applied to four different ITT vehicle configurations, including Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), Automated Lifting Vehicles (ALVs), Multi Trailer Systems (MTSs) and a combination of barges and trucks. Furthermore, three realistic demand scenarios for the year 2030 are used for the analysis.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	12	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Modeling an AGV based facility logistics system to measure and visualize performance availability in a VR environment	2015	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2014 IEEE.Performance availability is an approach to rate the performance of material flow systems. Since the data necessary to determine the performance availability can only be obtained by observing the system in operation, planning towards a certain performance availability is a challenging task. In this paper, we present an approach to model an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) based logistics facility to ultimately measure and visualize the performance availability of the system within VR environments. We employed 3-D laser scans to create a visual representation of the facility and modelled the mechanical components using the simulation system's kinematic mechanisms. An interface to the real system's control architecture makes it possible to incorporate real world data and scenarios. Data not readily visible or not visible at all such as vehicle health, waiting times, and running times is surveyed and presented in a comprehensive VR environment for evaluating overall system performance and performance availability.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Simulation-based flexibility analysis of vehicle dispatching problem on a container terminal with GPS tracking data	2015	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2014 IEEE.To provide better services for shipping companies and to increase profits, improving the operation equipment efficiency and reducing the ship dwelling time at the terminal is an important problem for port companies. Port management information system and information technology is widely used for supporting and controlling the terminal operation, which can track the operation data simultaneously. In this study, a simulation model is constructed using historical Global Positioning System tracking data and analyzed for application to the shipping industry. For improving handling equipment efficiency, flexibility analysis is performed for the trailers that served gantry cranes for ship operation (container loading and unloading processes) by comparing the different dispatching scenarios after performing the simulation. The proposed procedure to construct simulation models of container terminal was found to be both practical and powerful.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Topsis based Taguchi method for multi-response simulation optimization of flexible manufacturing system	2015	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2014 IEEE.This study presents a simulation design and analysis case study of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) considering a multi-response simulation optimization using TOPSIS (Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution) based Taguchi approach. While in order to reduce expensive simulation experiments with the Taguchi design, the TOPSIS procedure is used to combine the multiple FMS responses (performance measures) into a single response in the optimization processes. Thus, TOPSIS carries out an important role to build a surrogate objective function that represents multiple responses of the system. The integrated approach finds a new design considering discrete factors (physical and operational parameters) which affect the performance measures of FMS. Optimal design configuration is obtained for the considered system with improved performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	4	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Heuristic construction algorithm for the job shop problem with several robots and subject to blocking and no.-wait constraint	2015	Colloquium in Information Science and Technology, CIST	2014 IEEE.The work presented in this article focuses on the problem of job shop with different handling robots and subject to some constraints of blocking and no.-wait. The blocking constraint models the lack of storage capacity whereas the constraint of No.-wait appears when two consecutive operations should be performed without interruption. Jobs must be transported between machines by different handling robots. In this type of problem, deadlock situations where the system becomes paralyzed may appear. In this paper, we present a method based on graph theory which helps prevent the blocking states during schedule construction. The calculation of transportation operations starting times is also illustrated. Finally, we propose an algorithm for the construction of a heuristic based on priority rules to minimize the total execution time that is defined by the makespan.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Morocco	0	Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	blocking constraint and no.-wait constraint,Job shop,k-robot,makespan,Scheduling
Containment control of networked autonomous underwater vehicles guided by multiple leaders using predictor-based neural DSC approach	2015	5th International Conference on Intelligent Control and Information Processing, ICICIP 2014 - Proceedings	2014 IEEE.This paper considers the containment control of multiple autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs) in the presence of model uncertainty and time-varying ocean disturbances. A new predictor-based neural dynamic surface control design approach is proposed to develop adaptive containment controllers, under which the trajectories of AUVs converge to the dynamic convex hull spanned by the dynamic leaders. The prediction errors are used to update the neural adaptive laws, which enables fast identifying the vehicle dynamics without excessive knowledge of their dynamical models. The stability properties of the closed-loop network are established via Lyapunov analysis, and the containment errors converge to an adjustable neighborhood of the origin. Comparative studies are given to show the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	None
Autonomous running control system of an AGV by a tablet PC based on the wall-floor boundary line	2015	IEEE SSCI 2014: 2014 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence - CIVTS 2014: 2014 IEEE Symposium on Computational Intelligence in Vehicles and Transportation Systems, Proceedings	2014 IEEE.In our research, we have studied the autonomous running control system of the automatic guided vehicles (AGV) used in the manufacturing facilities using the tablet PC. The moving direction of automatic vehicle is controlled by the results of image processing methods on captured images of the tablet PC. In the image processing step, after detecting edges we obtain wall-floor boundaries by analyzing those edges. By applying the least square method on the wall-floor boundaries, we calculate the moving direction of the AGV. To improve the accuracy of the moving direction, we divide the edge detection image into grid cells and remove all edges in cells with sparse edges. Furthermore, we divided all boundary points into vertical subdivisions, estimated unusual small boundaries and discarded them. As a result of our research, the running distance of the AGV was improved from 10 meters to the whole length of the testing course. The distance of testing course is 100 meters long.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Automotive Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Android,Autonomous running,Image Processing,Tablet PC
A sliding parameter estimation method based on UKF for agricultural tracked robot	2015	2014 2nd International Conference on Systems and Informatics, ICSAI 2014	2014 IEEE.As the sliding parameter of track is hard-to-measure when Agricultural Tracked Robot (ATR) is moving in complicated farmland environment, an estimation method for sliding parameters of ATR based on UKF is proposed. A kinematics equation and a measurement equation of ATR are deduced by kinematics principle, and then the precision position parameters of ATR is calculated. Sliding parameters which cannot be measured directly may be reconstructed through this estimation method. The simulation and experimental results suggest that the estimation system is able to provide reliable and high update rate sliding information, which can provide some theoretical guidance for studying the control accuracy of ATR at a high speed in complicated farmland.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Information Systems	Agricultural Tracked Robot(ATR),Sliding parameter,Unscented Kalman Filter(UKF)
Scheduling of electric energy in smart grids using a combination of neural networks and local optimization	2015	Proceedings - 8th EUROSIM Congress on Modelling and Simulation, EUROSIM 2013	2013 IEEE.In this paper a new scheduling algorithm is presented that enables fast calculation times with a combination of neural network and local optimization. Properly learned neural network is used to calculate schedule results that can be used as initial conditions for local optimization method. If scheduling results from neural network are located relatively close to optimal solution, local optimization method converges very fast and additionally improve scheduling result. To calculate results from neural network that are relatively close to optimal solution a learning dataset has to be obtained that contains optimal solutions. For this purpose genetic algorithms were used with large number of generations and several repetitions of scheduling process. Scheduling algorithm was tested on scheduling of the electric energy flows in smart grids to balance the electric energy consumption and production. Simulation results showed that a combination of neural network and local optimization converge faster than genetic algorithm method. This makes method useful where times for calculation of schedules are short.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovenia	4	Modeling and Simulation,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications	Genetic algorithms,local optimization,neural networks,scheduling,smart grids
Sensoric subsystem of automated guided vehicle: TCP communication between SIMATIC S7 PLC and Arduino	2015	23rd International Conference on Robotics in Alpe-Adria-Danube Region, IEEE RAAD 2014 - Conference Proceedings	2014 IEEE.The cheap work with high precision is very necessary in industry for a long time. Research in robotics gives us opportunity for development of automatically guided vehicle controlled by PLC, which can be easily used for supplement transport inside factory, or even for human transport. Main aim of this work is to show, how to replace expensive industrial sensors with integrated communication interface by simple cheap open-source technology. Our solution is focused on TCP communication between Arduino and PLC. The Arduino is extended to Ethernet shield. It makes possibility to connect third-party devices to PLC and save I/O PLC modules. The Arduino pre-process data from ultrasonic and line-following sensors and combine them into one data packet which is send over the network to PLC server.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	AGV,Arduino,Ethernet,photo-sensor,PLC,TCP communication,ultrasonic sensor
Control of overhead crane based on Lyapunov approach to fuzzy controller synthesis	2015	23rd International Conference on Robotics in Alpe-Adria-Danube Region, IEEE RAAD 2014 - Conference Proceedings	2014 IEEE.The subject of the paper is synthesis of a robust controller of the load swing during motion of overhead cranes. The approach implements fuzzy partition to the state variables. Stability is secured by employing the Lyapunov theory. The proposed methodology is the most appropriate for the presented problem since exact knowledge about the plant parameters is not needed. Numerical tests show the feasibility of the control scheme	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	Fuzzy Control,Load Swing,Lyapunov Direct method,Overhead Cranes
AGV guidance system simulations with a programmable robotics kit	2015	International Journal of Reasoning-based Intelligent Systems	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper gives an analysis of automated guided vehicles navigation systems. Two types of guidance are analysed and simulated by using Lego Mindstorm NXT package - fixed-path guidance through line following as the oldest type and vision-based guidance as a low-cost guidance system that utilises mobile phone camera for tracking marks and detecting obstacles. On the basis of theoretical studies and experience, robot can be programmed in the programming language RobotC in order to demonstrate the functionality of real AGV vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	North Macedonia	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AGVs,Automated guided vehicles,Lego NXT,Navigation,RobotC,Robotics,Vision
Vision-based automated guided vehicle control by using Fuzzy Kohonen clustering network	2015	2015 IFToMM World Congress Proceedings, IFToMM 2015	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) is widely used in the industrial field. Most existing methods treat the AGV controller by simple and intuitive representations such like PID controller. However, the PID controller lacks a standard procedure to generate proper parameters and let suitable parameters adjusting become a heuristic work. This paper presents a vision-based control method for mobile platform. Three modules are integrated to construct the control system, namely, color path detection module, path feature extraction module and control behavior decision maker. Based on Fuzzy Kohonen clustering network, a fuzzy concept control system is proposed to build a standard procedure. All parameters of the controller are self-generated without relying on human's experience. Experimental results show that the proposed visionbased guiding scheme appropriately responds to varies color path in a continuous manner.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Mechanical Engineering,History	Automated guided vehicle,Fuzzy Kohonen clustering network,Vision-based guiding
Collision avoidance and cycle-deadlock control method for automated guided vehicle system	2015	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	, 2015, CIMS. All right reserved.To avoid collision and system-deadlock between automated guided vehicles in Unidirectional Guide-path Network (UGN), a collision avoidance method was proposed by taking UGN-based automated guided vehicle (AGV) system as the object. Aiming at the features of UGN-based AGV system, an AGV system operating state model based on directed graph was built, and a cycle-deadlock search method was proposed for this model. The concept of cycle-deadlock critical state included single-loop and multi-loop cycle-deadlock critical state was defined, and the corresponding deadlock control strategy was designed in allusion to two types of cycle-deadlock critical states. The effectiveness of proposed method was proved by simulation examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle system,Collision avoidance,Cycle-deadlock,Directed graph,Unidirectional guide-path network
Mobile Robot Controlled through Mobile Communication	2015	Procedia Computer Science	This paper is about designing a robot which is controlled using a mobile phone that is connected to the robot through GSM network as a remote controller. The mobile phone's keypad is used to control the robot movement toward a desired location. The present robot is not an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), the user should provide extra caution for the robot movement to avoid collisions with static fixed objects as well as moving objects.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	2	Computer Science (all)	Dual tone multi frequency,GSM system,Micro controller,Mobile communication,Mobile robot
Automated guided vehicle configurations in flexible manufacturing systems: A comparative study	2015	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.In the present competitive environment, manufacturing organisations have changed the trend from mass production to mass customisation. Flexible manufacturing system (FMS) has evolved as a solution to the requirement of modern manufacturing industries. Automated guided vehicle (AGV) system is the most widely used material handling system in FMS which enhances the flexibility in material transfer between the workstations (WSs). The pattern of AGV guide path layout also called as AGV configuration has become the main issue in the AGV system. This paper compares the three commonly used AGV configurations, i.e., single loop, tandem, and tandem loop in terms of AGV load/unload time, machine failure, processing time distribution and AGV speed. Simulation method is used to perform the study while Taguchi method is used for statistical analysis of results. It has been concluded that no single AGV configuration perform better in all the manufacturing environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV guide path,Automated guided vehicle configuration,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,Mass customisation,Material handling system,Simulation,Taguchi method
Trajectory properties of automated guided vehicle with sneak traction	2015	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	, 2015, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.The drive unit and vehicle frame of traditional automated guided vehicle (AGV) and tractor-trailer were rigid coupling. Being different form the traditional machines, the drive unit and vehicle frame of AGV with sneak traction were flexible connection and the drive unit was used to drive the vehicle frame. To solve the problem of vehicle frame trajectory, a kinematic model was built to study the relationship between position posture of vehicle frame and the tracking path. According to geometric parameters of vehicle frame and central angle and radius of circular arc path, position posture of vehicle frame in world coordinate system was deduced. To solve the problem of AGV load driving, a dynamic model of AGV frame was built. The condition ignoring the effects of lateral force was calculated and the angular acceleration of the frame was deduced. Position posture tests proved that the kinematics model of AGV frame was correct. The results of dynamic property tests proved that the driving stability of AGV with this structure was excellent. The study results can provide the basis for improving the control performance of control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Drive unit,Dynamic property,Kinematics,Sneak traction
An iterated greedy algorithm for the integrated scheduling problem with setup times	2015	Information, Computer and Application Engineering - Proceedings of the International Conference on Information Technology and Computer Application Engineering, ITCAE 2014	2015 Taylor & Francis Group, London.This paper studies an integrated scheduling problem of machines and Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in flexible manufacturing systems where sequence-dependent setup times are considered with the objective of minimizing the makespan. In most manufacturing systems, machines scheduling and AGVs scheduling are highly related and consideration of setup times is frequently encountered. That integrated problem considering setup times is much closer to the real-life industrial applications but much difficult to solve. Based on the structural property of this problem, an iterated greedy based algorithm is developed, within which a local search is also applied to diversify the solutions. Computational experiments are conducted to evaluate the proposed heuristic algorithm. The results show that our method is promising for dealing with the integrated problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications	Integrated scheduling problems,Iterated greedy,Makespan,Sequence-dependent setup times
Facility layout for an automated guided vehicle system	2015	Procedia Computer Science	2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.The facility layout problem (FLP) aims to minimize the material handling costs by determining the most efficient arrangement of facilities within a space. Among several types of layout structure, bay layout is used in a wide variety of manufacturing contexts of which the workstations are assigned to several parallel bays. Concerning the world trend in automation and advantages of flexibility and space utilization, the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems are considered in this paper to address the bay layout problems. A two-stage model called Spine Bay Layout is developed to allocate the workstations into several inter-bay systems such that not only the material handling cost can be minimized, but also the flexibility in applications can be enhanced. In order to compare with the conventional system and facilitate the flexible applications, an extended model is presented for the Single Spine Bay Layout. The results show that in comparison with the previous research, the proposed model reduces not only the total cost; but also the solution time. Moreover, due to the high complexity of the model, a sub-model called Allocation Model is proposed to provide the feasibility condition of the two-stage model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	9	Computer Science (all)	2-stage solution,Automated guided vehicle (AGV) system,Bay layout,Mix integer programming
Landmark tracking using unrectified omniirectional image for an automated guided vehicle	2015	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.In this paper, a study on landmark tracking using unrectified omnidirectional image for automated guided vehicle is presented. Omnidirectional image from a catadioptric camera may appear distorted against the height of an object. However, for a flat object on the floor, the distortion is negligible thus can be advantageous for on-the-ground landmark; Landmark used in this study was Code-128 standard barcode. The barcode is modified to suit the detection process where the barcode adopted cyan instead of white background and bears a red strip on top for orientation. The image processing can directly begin tracking landmarks when no distortion rectification in the image was required. We adopted a topological map approach where the automated guided vehicle moves from landmark to landmark. Experiments were conducted on a small four wheel drive, four wheel steering automated guided vehicle. The results were measured through number of successful consequent tracking of the landmark.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	None
Task assignment and trajectory planning in dynamic environments for multiple vehicles	2015	Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications	2015 The authors and IOS Press. All rights reserved.We consider the problem of finding collision-free trajectories for a fleet of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) working in ship ports and freight terminals. Our solution computes collision-free trajectories for a fleet of AGVs to pick up one or more containers and transport it to a given goal without colliding with other AGVs and obstacles. We propose an integrated framework for solving the goal assignment and trajectory planning problem minimizing the maximum cost over all vehicle trajectories using the classical Hungarian algorithm. To deal with the dynamics in the environment, we refine our final trajectories with CHOMP (Covariant Hamiltonian optimization for motion planning) in order to trade off between path smoothness and dynamic obstacle avoidance.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	1	Artificial Intelligence	Multi-robot,Path planner,Task assignment
Decentralized control of free ranging AGVs in warehouse environments	2015	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2015 IEEE.In this paper we propose an algorithm for decentralized control of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) operating in automated warehouse environments. The motion planning part of the algorithm provides vehicles with capabilities for autonomous motion planning considering nonholonomic vehicle constraints and collision-free path execution. The decision making part of the algorithm ensures safe vehicle motions and reliable conflict situation resolution. The proposed control algorithm also prevents occurrence of deadlock and livelock situations. Stability of the algorithm has been proven by its analysis based on automata theory, while its performance has been validated by simulation on a system comprising twenty vehicles as well as experimentally on a laboratory setup comprising five Pioneer 3DX vehicles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	15	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Kalman filter sensor fusion for Mecanum wheeled automated guided vehicle localization	2015	Journal of Sensors	2015 Sang Won Yoon et al.The Mecanum automated guided vehicle (AGV), which can move in any direction by using a special wheel structure with a LIM-wheel and a diagonally positioned roller, holds considerable promise for the field of industrial electronics. A conventional method for Mecanum AGV localization has certain limitations, such as slip phenomena, because there are variations in the surface of the road and ground friction. Therefore, precise localization is a very important issue for the inevitable slip phenomenon situation. So a sensor fusion technique is developed to cope with this drawback by using the Kalman filter. ENCODER and StarGazer were used for sensor fusion. StarGazer is a position sensor for an image recognition device and always generates some errors due to the limitations of the image recognition device. ENCODER has also errors accumulating over time. On the other hand, there are no moving errors. In this study, we developed a Mecanum AGV prototype system and showed by simulation that we can eliminate the disadvantages of each sensor. We obtained the precise localization of the Mecanum AGV in a slip phenomenon situation via sensor fusion using a Kalman filter.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
The initial analysis of wifi communication (data interchange) for AGV on the factory shop floor	2015	XXI IMEKO World Congress "Measurement in Research and Industry"	The AGV (AGV-automated guided vehicle) platforms make simply transport tasks which can be easy automated and give big benefits on human work in production environment. One of problems in AGV evolution is the easy and efficient communication with base station. Such a link is most often built by WLAN using 802.11 standard [1]. This is very important for AGV to keep communication with base station (supervising computer) on some minimal quality level because of needing continuous stream of control data. It is the crucial when the cloud computing is established and permanent synchronization is realized [2] In our opinion this crucial problem is not deeply analyzed as required. This issue joins the interesting subjects of wide technical areas from robotics to communication. This paper tries to shed new light for it.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Communication,Data flow,Mobile robots,WiFi,Wireless network
A hybrid genetic algorithm for simultaneous scheduling of machines and AGVs in FMS	2015	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2015.In this paper, simulation optimization approach for simultaneous scheduling of machines and identical automated guided vehicles with minimizing the makespan in flexible manufacturing system is presented. In the past time, this problem has been solved by using heuristic algorithm such as genetic algorithms (GA), particle swarm optimization (PSO) etc. Actually, many factors should be considered in real situation such as deadlock or blockage of AGV and processing time with uncertainty in FMS. This will impact the system performance significantly. Hence, discrete event simulation model is used to evaluate the system performances which consider those random factors and to compare alternatives. In addition, optimal computing budget allocation (OCBA) embedded with GA is used to reduce simulation replications and provide reliable evaluations and identified for ranking chromosomes of the GA procedure. As a result, we prove those random factors affect system performance significantly. The numerical experiment results demonstrate the superiority of the hybrid approach in terms of computing cost for this problem.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Optimal computing budget allocation,Simulation optimization
High efficiency AGV transportation system based on knowledge of taxis: Strategy for AGV behavior at intersections	2015	Key Engineering Materials	Manufacturing systems have been evolving to accommodate the production of various types and volumes of products, as with the flexible manufacturing system (FMS). However, with FMS, it is difficult to change the layout of a factory and to cope with any problems that may arise. Therefore, the importance of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is increasing because AGVs can flexibly adapt to changes of equipment in a factory. However, there has not yet been much research on systems that can respond to a large number of indefinite elements. One response to this issue might be a mimetic solution, which is the application of knowledge from one field to another. We feel that knowledge of traffic engineering, dealing as it does with the transport of passengers, could be applied to the conveyance mechanisms of AGVs. This paper describes an autonomous conveyance system for AGVs based on taxi transportation strategy. The system focuses on knowledge of a flexible taxi system in traffic engineering. We chose taxis because they operate with higher flexibility in terms of traveling routes and arrival/departure points compared with railways and buses. In this study, the waiting mode of taxis was applied as AGV rules and then tested to determine the effect of the proposed system. We came up with an equation to identify the best way of determining the waiting position. Moreover, AGV collisions are of extreme importance when AGVs run for real: if a collision occurs, we have to change the factory schedule and fix the AGV. However, in the past we have never taken account of an AGV collision, and so here we do. Two assessment functions are treated: matching time, which is the period of time elapsing between when a load is received and when a load is generated, and conveyance efficiency, which is the total distance the AGV travels divided by the total distance the AGV carries the load. Results showed that the proposed system (applying the waiting strategy of taxis as AGV rules) is effective at reducing the matching time and intersection of AGVs without any decrease in conveyance efficiency.  (2015) Trans Tech Publications.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Conveyance system,Intersection,Multi-loaded AGV,Taxi,Waiting mode
Motion control for an automated guided vehicle in the factory with a stereo camera	2015	IEEJ Transactions on Industry Applications	2015 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.This paper presents a study of lineless control for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) by using a stereo camera and markers. This control is called visual servoing, and studies of vehicle robots using visual servoing are proposed nowadays. The usual visual servoing controls assume that the target can be observed clearly or the target cannot be instantaneously observed. When the AGV works in a factory, robustness to changes in brightness is important. On the other hand, moving control without the line on the floor is also required for an industrial transportation robot. With this background, we propose an AGV transport system without the line on the floor. The proposed guidance method has two modes, i.e., marker and nonmarker modes. The visual servo control of an AGV in the marker mode uses image-based control, and the visual servo control in the nonmarker mode uses position-based control. This algorithm uses three markers. The AGV moves from the start to the first marker and from the third marker to the goal controls in the marker mode. From the first marker to the second marker, the AGV must pass between cars. The AGV between these markers is controlled by image and position-based control. The usefulness of the proposed control system is demonstrated by experimental results under brightness disturbances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Brightness disturbance,Stereo camera,Visual feedback control
Analytical material flow model for AGV system	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.Manufacturing automation has become increasingly important as the need to remain productive increases. In manufacturing of a product, many processes may be needed. For example, semiconductor manufacturing may include over 400 processing steps involving more than 100 different tools. Furthermore, the process route can include a high level of reentrance in which the same tool or tool types are used. An important aspect in manufacturing automation is material handling. To facilitate material handling, automated transport systems are employed.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Sensorless control of an automated guided vehicle based on extended Kalman filter observer Otomatik Yönlendirmeli Bir Aracin Genişletilmiş Kalman Filtre Gözlemleyici ile Sensörsüz Kontrolü	2015	2015 23rd Signal Processing and Communications Applications Conference, SIU 2015 - Proceedings	2015 IEEE.In this paper, sensorless velocity and direction angle control of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is performed by using extended Kalman filter (EKF) observer. The speed information of each motor is estimated by using armature current data measured from dc motor and command voltages applied to motors. The command voltages are used rather than the measured ones therefore only current sensors are needed. The estimated speeds are used to estimate velocity and direction angle of vehicle. The observed velocity and direction angle are used in the closed loop instead of measured ones for sensorless control of AGV. The experimental results show that the EKF observer can perfectly be implemented for sensorless control without using mechanical sensor.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	2	Signal Processing,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Kalman filter,path tracking,Sensorless control,vehicle system
The literature review of research on modeling of automated guided vehicle's picking route	2015	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2015 SPIE.Current researches on the picking route modeling of logistics handling AGV are reviewed, and an overview of the main problems existing in the current study are made, then the final conclusion is presented: "goods to person" AGV route picking modeling is our targeted research, combined with qualitative simulation study on logistics handling AGV route picking qualitative modeling, the research for the development of complex systems modeling like AGV system has some theoretical significance and practical value.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,AGV system,picking route,qualitative simulation
Reliability model for AGV	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.The Material Handling System (MHS) in a manufacturing setting plays an important role in the performance of the entire system. Inadequately designed MHSs can interfere with the overall performance of the manufacturing system and lead to substantial losses in productivity and competitiveness, and to unacceptably long lead times. Among the advanced technologies available for MHSs, Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) have found increasing applications because of their capability to transport a variety of part types from point to point without human intervention.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
A Pattern-Based Framework for Building Self-Organizing Multi-Agent Systems	2015	Advances in Artificial Transportation Systems and Simulation	2015 Zhejiang University Press Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.Self-organizing systems have increased in relevance and are used to deal with complex problems domains. They allow the development of decentralized solutions that exhibit a dynamic and adaptable behavior that can face the challenge of handling disturbances that were previously unknown in the environment. The main difficulties in building self-organizing multiagent systems lie in the lack of mechanisms to regulate the interaction and coordination between the agents of the environment and the reuse of already adopted solutions. In this context, this chapter proposes a framework as a reusable solution for building decentralized self-organizing systems, based on major architectural patterns found in the literature but only expressed at a high level of abstraction. It also provides extensibility features to develop new interaction and coordination mechanisms. In order to validate the framework, a self-organizing and decentralized solution to the automated guided vehicles problem was implemented.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Brazil	2	Computer Science (all)	Framework,Multi-agent systems,Patterns,Self-organization
Heterogeneous AGV routing problem considering energy consumption	2015	2015 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, IEEE-ROBIO 2015	2015 IEEE.In recent years, the automated guided vehicle (AGV) system has an extensive application in industrial manufacture. Energy consumption of AGVs is becoming a significant problem. In this paper, we consider the pickup and delivery procedure of multiple products in stereoscopic warehouses or depots. Particularly, energy consumption minimization is regarded as the optimal object to plan effective routes for heterogeneous AGVs, which have different applications in the implementation of freight transport. In order to solve this energy-consumption-considered heterogeneous AGV routing problem (EHARP), a particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is applied by taking the speed of the algorithm into consideration. In particular, the simulation results demonstrate that our proposed model performs well and the amount of energy consumption can be decreased.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	10	Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Comprehensive review of the dispatching, scheduling and routing of AGVs	2015	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) has become an important strategic tool for automated warehouses. In a very competitive business scenario, they can increase productivity and reduce costs of FMS (Flexible Manufacturing System) transportation systems. The AGV System provides efficient material flow and distribution among workstations at the right time and place. To attend such requirements, AGVS involves dispatching and scheduling of tasks and routing of AGVs. Some studies have approached such procedures in a similar form, although they have different functionalities. This paper reviews the literature related to the dispatching, scheduling and routing of AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) and highlights their main differences in comparison with the common management of vehicles transportation systems. To obtain a theoretical base, the definitions of dispatching, routing and scheduling procedures for materials handling applications are presented and the main methods to solve them are discussed.  2015 Springer International Publishing.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	10	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Dispatching,Routing,Scheduling
Impact of Speed Guidance on Vehicle Exhaust Emissions at Signalized Intersections Based on Microscopic Simulation	2015	ICTE 2015 - Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Transportation Engineering	ASCE.When reaching the intersection, driving conditions of vehicles always change among acceleration, deceleration, idling, resulting in increasing fuel consumption and emissions dramatically. This paper proposes a vehicle speed guidance system to make consumption and emission become the minimum based on real-Time signal state, vehicle location and speed when vehicles through the intersection. A simulation study is implemented for the intersection of Caoan Road and Lvyuan Road in Shanghai and the study results show that there is a significant effect under different traffic flow. Better results can be obtained in high saturation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Transportation	Emission,Microscopic simulation.,Speed guide system
Mathematical model for deadlock resolution in multiple AGV scheduling and routing network: A case study	2015	Industrial Robot	Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose - This paper aims to propose and formulate a complicated routing/scheduling problem for multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a manufacturing system. Design/methodology/approach - Considering the due date of AGVs requiring for material handling among shops in a jobshop layout, their earliness and tardiness are significant in satisfying the expected cycle time and from an economic view point. Therefore, the authors propose a mathematical program to minimize the penalized earliness and tardiness for a conflict-free and just-in-time production. Findings - The model considers a new concept of turning point for deadlock resolution. As the mathematical program is difficult to solve with a conventional method, an optimization method in two stages, namely, searching the solution space and finding optimal solutions are proposed. The performance of the proposed mathematical model is tested in a numerical example. Practical implications - A case study in real industrial environment is conducted. The findings lead the decision-makers to develop a user interface decision support as a simulator to plan the AGVs' movement through the manufacturing network and help AGVs to prevent deadlock trap or conflicts. The proposed decision support can easily be commercialized. Originality/value - The benefits of such commercialization are increase in the quality of material handling, improve the delivery time and prevent delays, decrease the cost of traditional handling, capability of computerized planning and control, intelligent tracking and validation experiments in simulation environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Autonomous robots,Conflict free,Deadlock resolution,Dynamic program,Mathematical programming
Simultaneous Scene Reconstruction and Auto-Calibration Using Constrained Iterative Closest Point for 3D Depth Sensor Array	2015	Proceedings -2015 12th Conference on Computer and Robot Vision, CRV 2015	2015 IEEE.Being able to monitor a large area is essential for intelligent warehouse automation. Complete depth map of aslant floor allows Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) to navigate the environment and safely interact with nearby people and equipment, eliminating the need for installation of guide tracks and range sensors on individual robots. A single camera does not have sufficient field of view irresolution to monitor a large scene, and a camera mounted on a moving platform introduces delays and blind spots that could put people at risk in busy areas. Multi-camera arrays are needed in order to reconstruct the scene from simultaneous captures. Existing iterative closest point (ICP) based algorithms fail to produce meaningful results due to ICP attempting to minimize Euclidean distance between non-matching pairs. This paper describes a method for accurate and computationally efficient simultaneous scene reconstruction and auto-calibration using depth maps captured with multiple downward looking overhead cameras. The proposed method extends upon standard ICP algorithm by incorporating constraints imposed by the camera setup. The common field of view constraint imposed on the ICP algorithm matches a subset of points that are simultaneously in two camera's field of view. The planar constraint restricts the search space for closest points between 2point clouds to be on a projected planar surface. To simulate a typical warehouse environment, depth maps captured from two overhead Microsoft Kinect cameras were used to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. The results indicate the proposed algorithm successfully reconstructed the scene and produced auto-calibrated extrinsic camera matrix, where as standard ICP algorithm did not generate meaningful results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	1	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	auto-calibration,environment building,iterative closest point,overhead depth camera array,scene reconstruction
A dynamic routing strategy for the traffic control of AGVs in automatic warehouses	2015	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2015 IEEE.In this paper we propose a novel algorithm for the dynamic routing of a group of Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) used for transporting goods in automatic warehouses. Our strategy allows to improve the efficiency of a fleet of AGVs in terms of delivery time and its computational burden is sufficiently small to be embedded in standard industrial traffic management system. The algorithm is validated in a small-scale automatic warehouse with real AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Mathematical optimization for earliness/tardiness minimization in a multiple automated guided vehicle manufacturing system via integrated heuristic algorithms	2015	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.In this paper, a scheduling problem for multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a manufacturing system is proposed and formulated. Considering the due date of AGVs requiring for material handling among shops in a jobshop layout, their earliness and tardiness are significant in satisfying the expected cycle time and from an economic view point. Earliness results in AGVs waiting and tardiness causes temporary part storages in the shop floor. Therefore, we propose a mathematical program to minimize the penalized earliness and tardiness. Since the mathematical program is difficult to solve with a conventional method, an optimization method in two stages, namely searching the solution space and finding optimal solutions are proposed. The performance of the proposed mathematical model is tested in a numerical example and compared with several methods in the current literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	37	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Earliness/tardiness,Mathematical programming,Scheduling
Earliness/Tardiness for a multiple AGV system	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.Flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs), container terminals, warehousing systems, and service industries including hospital transportations are employing automated guided vehicle systems (AGVs) for the material handling to maintain flexibility and efficiency of production and distribution. For the efficient operation, it is requested to realize the synchronized operations for the simultaneous scheduling of production systems and transportation systems. The main issue treated in this chapter is the simultaneous optimization problems for penalized earliness and tardiness for the AGVs in the manufacturing system. The production scheduling problems asks an optimal production sequence and starting time of operations for jobs at machines for multi-stages with respect to a specified technical precedence relation. The vehicle management problems are classified into: (1) dispatching, which is to assign tasks to vehicles; (2) routing, which is to select specific paths taken by vehicles; (3) scheduling, which is to determine the arrival and departure times.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Models for AGVs’ scheduling and routing	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.An automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a driverless material handling system used for horizontal movement of materials. AGVs were introduced in 1955 (Muller, 1983). The use of AGVs has grown enormously since their introduction. The number of areas of application and variation in types has increased significantly. AGVs can be used in inside and outside environments, such as manufacturing, distribution, transshipment and (external) transportation areas. At manufacturing areas, AGVs are used to transport all types of materials related to the manufacturing process. According to Gotting (2000) over 20,000 AGVs were used in industrial applications. The author states that the usage of AGVs will pay off for environments with repeating transportation patterns. Examples of these environments are distribution, transshipment and transportation systems. Warehouses and cross docking centers are examples of distribution areas. AGVs are used in these areas for the internal transport of, for example, pallets between the various departments, such as receiving, storage, sorting and shipment areas. At transshipment systems, such as container terminals, AGVs take care of the transport of products between the various modes of transport. Gotting (2000) presented an overview of available technology for automation in container terminals. Furthermore, navigation and vehicle guidance systems applicable in various indoor/outdoor environments are described. Haefner and Bieschke (1998) stated that AGV systems can provide benefits to both the port and its customers by executing transportation requests between vessels and inland transportation.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	1	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Control program design for automated guided vehicle systems via Petri nets	2015	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2014 IEEE.An ordinary Petri-net (PN) based approach is proposed to design a programmable logical controller (PLC) that prevents collisions among vehicles in an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system. First, a procedure is proposed to model an AGV system as a control-hardware PN. Second, a method is formulated to design a PN supervisor (the closed-loop PN) for collision prevention. This paper defines the line, merge, divide and intersection alignments, and then adds the transitions and arcs for these four alignments into the control-hardware PN, respectively. As a result, a closed-loop PN is obtained as the supervisor for preventing collisions among vehicles in an AGV system. Finally, a method is introduced to automatically translate a closed-loop PN into a ladder diagram by Boolean expressions. Consequently, the closed-loop PN can be implemented by a PLC. An example is used to illustrate this methodology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	36	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Discrete event systems,Petri nets,Programmable logical controller
An Ant Colony Algorithm (ACA) for solving the new integrated model of job shop scheduling and conflict-free routing of AGVs	2015	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper concerns with the Job Shop Scheduling Problem (JSSP) considering the transportation times of the jobs from one machine to another. The goal of a basic JSSP is to determine starting and ending times for each job in which the objective function can be optimized. In here, several Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) have been employed to transfer the jobs between machines and warehouse located at the production environment. Unlike the advantages of implemented automatic transportation system, if they are not controlled along the routes, it is possible that the production system encounters breakdown. Therefore, the Conflict-Free Routing Problem (CFRP) for AGVs is considered as well as the basic JSSP. Hence, we proposed a mathematical model which is composed of JSSP and CFRP, simultaneously and since the problem under study is NP-hard, a two stage Ant Colony Algorithm (ACA) is also proposed. The objective function is to minimize the total completion time (make-span). Eventually, in order to show the model and algorithm's efficiency, the computational results of 13 test problems and sensitivity analysis are exhibited. The obtained results show that ACA is an efficient meta-heuristic for this problem, especially for the large-sized problems. In addition, the optimal number of both AGVs and rail-ways in the production environment is determined by economic analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	93	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Ant Colony Algorithm,Automated guided vehicle,Conflict-free routing,Economic analysis,Job shop scheduling
The design of food storage guided vehicle system based on RFID technology	2015	Advance Journal of Food Science and Technology	Maxwell Scientific Organization, 2015.According to the characteristics of the food transport system, RFID technology is integrated in the AGV automatic guided vehicle system in the food warehousing. The node RFID oriented method is chosen and the RFID note positioning function is used to realize more types and over horizon identification loading, handling and automatic storage function that improves the system flexibility through the design of tag oriented system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Food Science,Chemistry (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Electronic tags,Food storage guided vehicle system,RFID technology
Intelligence level performance standards research for autonomous Vehicles	2015	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	Copyright  2015 for the individual papers by the papers' authors.United States and European safety standards have evolved to protect workers near Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV's). However, performance standards for AGV's and mobile robots have only recently begun development. Lessons can be learned from research and standards efforts for mobile robots applied to emergency response and military applications. Research challenges, tests and evaluations, and programs to develop higher intelligence levels for vehicles can also used to guide industrial AGV developments towards more adaptable and intelligent systems. These other efforts also provide useful standards development criteria for AGV performance test methods. Current standards areas being considered for AGVs are for docking, navigation, obstacle avoidance, and the ground truth systems that measure performance. This paper provides a look to the future with standards developments in both the performance of vehicles and the dynamic perception systems that measure intelligent vehicle performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Computer Science (all)	None
Route space detection of industrial indoor vehicle with joint extended histograms of oriented gradients(EHOG)	2015	IECON 2015 - 41st Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society	2015 IEEE.This paper introduces the method of detecting a route space for an industrial indoor vehicle. The vehicles work in many industrial fields, e.g., a semiconductor production and a car assembly factory. The detection of the route space under illuminant disturbance is an important problem for the industrial vehicle robot. The industrial vehicle has to move to the same areas in a factory. For these works, the usual industrial vehicle, e.g., an automated guided vehicle (AGV), is transported in path line. However, this conventional system of AGV is not a flexible method to change a goal position. On the other hand, a mobile robot, e.g., a wheeled robot, can move without a line or rail for the path, and an auto vehicle runs on the urban road. These robots use multi-sensors. However, the industrial vehicle intent to decrease the number of sensors for the cost down. For the reason, we propose a detection of a passable route space for an AGV. We proposed the detection method using a stereo camera in order to move the AGV without path line. Our proposed method is based on the joint extended HOG (joint EHOG) and AdaBoost algorithm. EHOG has the robustness for the illuminant disturbance, however, the EHOG is not robust for variable image size. The proposed method has the robustness to the illuminant disturbance and to variable image sizes of the target. The proposed method decreases the number of the wrong detection by weighting factors to a weak classifier and combines the many detection areas by the mean shift clustering. The experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed method for a route space detection and we finally show the future works.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Performance measurement of mobile manipulators	2015	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2015 SPIE.This paper describes a concept for measuring the reproducible performance of mobile manipulators to be used for assembly or other similar tasks. An automatic guided vehicle with an onboard robot arm was programmed to repeatedly move to and stop at a novel, reconfigurable mobile manipulator artifact (RMMA), sense the RMMA, and detect targets on the RMMA. The manipulator moved a laser retroreflective sensor to detect small reflectors that can be reconfigured to measure various manipulator positions and orientations (poses). This paper describes calibration of a multi-camera, motion capture system using a 6 degree-of-freedom metrology bar and then using the camera system as a ground truth measurement device for validation of the reproducible mobile manipulator's experiments and test method. Static performance measurement of a mobile manipulator using the RMMA has proved useful for relatively high tolerance pose estimation and other metrics that support standard test method development for indexed and dynamic mobile manipulator applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	7	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	artifact,ground truth,mobile manipulator,reproducible performance,smart manufacturing,test methods
An indoor navigation system using infrared-ray sensors and artificial markers	2015	Information (Japan)	2015 International Information Institute.In this paper, an indoor navigation system for an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) through recognition of artificial markers is presented. The existing system using infrared sensors and landmarks has faced at the critical problem. Depending on deployment of the landmarks, there exists a dead zone or overlapped zone. In this paper, a marker-based relative distance fingerprinting algorithm is presented to resolve the problem. Compared with the existing fingerprinting method which uses RSS, our proposed method may result in a more reliable estimation of the location. This method will be used to assist the primary navigation method based on double landmark recognition. These two distinct navigation methods are combined and integrated into the application systems which manage both the motion control and the location monitoring of the AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Information Systems	Automatic guided vehicle,Indoor location tracking,Location-tracking,Marker recognition,Relative distance finger printing algorithm
Path scheduling for multi-AGV system based on two-staged traffic scheduling scheme and genetic algorithm	2015	Journal of Computational Methods in Sciences and Engineering	2015 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.An improved two-staged traffic scheduling scheme with Genetic algorithm (GA) are combined in this paper for a multi-AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) system, containing path planning and conflicts avoidance for multi-AGV, wherein path following for a single AGV and path scheduling with GA for multi-AGV both in off-line and on-line stages. Multiple objectives and constraints are taken into account for on-line GA when some routes in digital map are unable to use due to unavoidable conflicts. A new conflict-free policy is proposed which changes the velocity or routes of the inferior AGV to make their movement harmoniously. Finally, two numerical simulations are used prove the efficacy of traffic scheduling scheme and the adaptability of motion control algorithm respectively.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Computational Mathematics	AGV,genetic algorithm,traffic scheduling
Obstacle avoidance algorithm of AGV based on multi-sensors information fusion	2015	Huazhong Keji Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Huazhong University of Science and Technology (Natural Science Edition)	, 2015, Huazhong University of Science and Technology. All right reserved.Basic principle of multi-sensor information fusion technology and its application in vehicle obstacle avoidance were introduced, and a design of obstacle-avoiding system on vision-based positioning automatic guided vehicle (AGV) was put forward. With a combination of the ultrasonic sensor and the infrared sensor, this system on the base of multi-sensor information fusion technology applied the improved K/N fusion as well as the AND fusion with prior knowledge to collect relative data, which could be analyzed by decision-making rules in order to achieve the obstacle-avoiding algorithm. The experiment using the above-mentioned design for testing obtained the trajectory curve. The result shows that the designed application can effectively improve the poor performance of the single sensor and eliminate the risk of noise interference. The safe distance is not less than 50 cm and can take appropriate avoiding measures with early warning. As a consequence, this application of obstacle avoidance function in multi-senor data fusion technology achieves a desired result.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all)	Automatic guided vehicles,Formation fusion,Infrared sensor,Obstacle avoidance,Ultrasonic sensor
Multimodal processes optimization subject to fuzzy operation time constraints	2015	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.Different material handling transport modes provide movement of work pieces between workstations along their manufacturing routes in the Multimodal Transportation Network (MTN). In this context the multimodal processes standing behind multiproduct production flow while executed in MTN can be seen as processes realized with synergic utilization of various local periodically acting processes. Such processes play a determining role in the evaluation of functioning efficiency inter alia in public transport systems, goods transport, energy and data transmission etc. The optimization of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) fleet schedule subject to fuzzy operation times constraints is our main contribution. In the considered case both production rate (takt) and operations execution time are described by imprecise (fuzzy) data.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	AGVs,Fuzzy constraints,Multimodal process,Optimization
Optimal path for AGV system with intelligent agents	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.An AGV is a material handling equipment that travels on a network of guide paths. The guide path is composed of aisle segments on which the vehicles are assumed to travel at a constant speed. The vehicles can travel forward or backward. As many vehicles travel on the guide path simultaneously, collisions must be avoided. AGV systems are implemented in various industrial contexts: container terminals, part transportation in heavy industry, flexible manufacturing systems.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
A mathematical formulation and anarchic society optimisation algorithms for integrated scheduling of processing and transportation operations in a flow-shop environment	2015	International Journal of Production Research	2015 Taylor & Francis.This paper addresses a permutation flow-shop scheduling problem where there are a finite number of transporters to carry jobs from each machine to its subsequent machine. The problem is first formulated as a mixed-integer linear programme, and then two anarchic society optimisation (ASO) algorithms are developed to solve large-sized instances of the problem. The numerical experience shows that the ASO algorithms are considerably effective and efficient. Finally, a sensitivity analysis is carried out to study the performance of the manufacturing system versus the transportation times and the number of transporters.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	anarchic society optimisation (ASO),integrated scheduling,mixed-integer linear programme (MILP),particle swarm optimisation (PSO),permutation flow-shop scheduling problem,swarm intelligence,transportation
Dispatching electric AGVs in automated container terminals with long travelling distance	2015	Journal of Coastal Research	2015 Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc.Electric AGV's are a promising horizontal transporter for automated container terminals (ACT), however, its application in ACTs has been held back since the performance of batteries was unsatisfactory. Following the development of battery technology in recent years, the major obstacle impeding the application of AGVs has turned to the management defects, especially in automated container terminals with long travelling distance. In light of this, an event-driven approach for dispatching electric AGVs in ACT's is proposed in this paper. An event-driven assignment model considering battery capacity is raised, in which empty AGVs are always deemed as available for assignment. Moreover, the performance of algorithms for assignment is compared by numerical experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Ecology,Water Science and Technology,Earth-Surface Processes	assignment,dynamic dispatching,Electric AGV dispatching,renovated automated container terminal
Neural Network Control-Based Drive Design of Servomotor and Its Application to Automatic Guided Vehicle	2015	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2015 Ming-Shyan Wang et al.An automatic guided vehicle (AGV) is extensively used for productions in a flexible manufacture system with high efficiency and high flexibility. A servomotor-based AGV is designed and implemented in this paper. In order to steer the AGV to go along a predefined path with corner or arc, the conventional proportional-integral-derivative (PID) control is used in the system. However, it is difficult to tune PID gains at various conditions. As a result, the neural network (NN) control is considered to assist the PID control for gain tuning. The experimental results are first provided to verify the correctness of the neural network plus PID control for 400 W-motor control system. Secondly, the AGV includes two sets of the designed motor systems and CAN BUS transmission so that it can move along the straight line and curve paths shown in the taped videos.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Integrated Markov-neural reliability computation method: A case for multiple automated guided vehicle system	2015	Reliability Engineering and System Safety	2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper proposes an integrated Markovian and back propagation neural network approaches to compute reliability of a system. While states of failure occurrences are significant elements for accurate reliability computation, Markovian based reliability assessment method is designed. Due to drawbacks shown by Markovian model for steady state reliability computations and neural network for initial training pattern, integration being called Markov-neural is developed and evaluated. To show efficiency of the proposed approach comparative analyses are performed. Also, for managerial implication purpose an application case for multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in manufacturing networks is conducted.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	11	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Markovian model,Neural network,Reliability computation
Sliding parameters calculation of agricultural tracked robot based on UKF and SMO	2015	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	, 2015, Chinese Association for System Simulation. All right reserved.In order to make ensure an Agricultural Tracked Robot (ATR) stable driving in farmland and reduce the slip phenomenon parameters, a novel sliding parameters estimation scheme of ATR based on UKF (Unscented Kalman Filter) and SMO (Sliding Mode Observer) was proposed. The motion equation and measurement equation of ATR were fused by UKF to compensate the measurement error from sensors and to reconstruct the precision pose parameters of ATR. Three slip parameter observers were designed for the sideslip angle, left and right track slip rate, which used the tangent function was used as the switching function to cover chattering effects and realize the slip parameters accurately estimation for the slip parameters. The numerical simulation results show that this method is able to provide reliable and high update rate slip parameters with high update rate, which is taken as the basis for accurate control of ATR.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	ATR (agricultural tracked robot),Slip parameter,SMO (sliding mode observer),UKF (unscented kalman filter)
A hybrid heuristic algorithm for integrated problem of machine scheduling and unidirectional flow path design	2015	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	2015 International Journal of Industrial Engineering.During the past few decades, unidirectional flow path design (UFD) and machines scheduling (MS) problems have been wellstudied separately. However, only considering UFD or MS cannot guarantee the global optimal solution for the whole production. The reason is that UFD and MS are two correlated issues in the real production situation. This paper is to propose a new integrated model, called iUFD/MS, with the objective of minimizing makespan. In iUFD/MS, UFD and MS problems are simultaneously considered. Due to the high complexity of iUFD/MS, a hybrid heuristic algorithm based on the particle swarm optimization is developed to get an optimal or near-optimal solution within a reasonable time period. To validate our integrated model, a set of experiments is solved by applying the proposed solution method and the traditional method, respectively. The result shows that our integrated model can efficiently reduce makespan by 8.9% on average.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible process plans,Flow path design,Integrated problem,Machine scheduling,Particle swarm optimization
Conception of a logistics system to reduce non-value added processes in medium-sized enterprises Konzeption eines logistiksystems zur prozessoptimierung in einem KMU	2015	Productivity Management	2015, G I T O Verlag. All rights reserved.Many companies eventually reach the point at which a current location can no longer meet the spatial requirements for the company’s growth. Then the decision between the erection of a new site or the optimization must be taken. To optimize an existing site the approach of reduction of non-value added processes can be taken.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	Germany	0	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated logistics,Automatic guided vehicles,Brownfield,Logistics optimisation
An ISM approach for modelling the variables affecting the selection of material handling equipments in advance manufacturing system	2015	International Journal of Information and Decision Sciences	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper presents the application of interpretive structural modelling (ISM) approach for modelling the variables of automated material handling systems as a useful tool in advanced manufacturing system. There are certain variables, which help in the implementation of material handling systems in advance manufacturing systems. These variables affect these material handling systems and influence one another also. The main objective of this paper is to understand the mutual interaction of these variables and to identify the 'driving variables' and the 'dependent variables'. In the present work, these variables have been identified through the literature survey and their ranking is done by a questionnaire-based survey. The ISM approach has been utilised in analysing their mutual interaction and in preparation of a model through which some key variables can be identified for the implementation of automated material handling systems (AMHS).	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Information Systems and Management,Strategy and Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Computer Science Applications	Interpretive structural modelling,ISM,Material handling in manufacturing system,Material handling variables
Performance analysis of fast marching-based motion planning for autonomous mobile robots in ITER scenarios	2015	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2014 Elsevier B.V.All rights reserved.Operations of transportation in cluttered environments require robust motion planning algorithms. Specially with large and heavy vehicles under hazardous operations of maintenance, such as in the ITER, an international nuclear fusion research project. The load transportation inside the ITER facilities require smooth and optimized paths with safety margin of 30 cm. The transportation is accomplished by large rhombic-like vehicles to exploit its kinematic capabilities. This paper presents the performance analysis of a motion planning algorithm to optimize trajectories in terms of clearance, smoothness and execution time in cluttered scenarios. The algorithm is an upgraded version of a previous one used in ITER, replacing the initialization implemented using Constrained Delaunay Triangulation by the Fast Marching Square. Exhaustive simulated experiments have been carried out in different levels of ITER buildings, comparing the performance of the algorithm using different metrics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Fast marching square,ITER,Motion planning,Rigid body dynamics
Study on control structure for the automated guided vehicle base on visual navigation	2015	Proceedings of the 2015 27th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper presents a control structure for the visual navigation automated guided vehicle based on the CCD camera and makes a full introduction about hardware and software. The experimental results show that this structure is feasible.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Control structure,Visual navigation
GA approach to optimise material flow and makespan in an AGV-based flexible jobshop manufacturing system	2015	International Journal of Computer Aided Engineering and Technology	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Flexible jobshop scheduling problem (FJSP) is an extended traditional jobshop scheduling problem, which more approximates to practical scheduling problems. This paper presents a genetic algorithm-based (GA) algorithm to solve the multi objective FJSP. Flexible jobshop manufacturing system (FJMS) is a complex network of processing, inspecting, and buffering nodes connected by system of transportation mechanisms. For an FJMS, it is desirable to be capable to increase or decrease the output with the rise and fall of demand. Such specifications show the complexity of decision making in the field of FJMSs and the need for concise and accurate modelling methods. Therefore, in this paper, an AGV-based flexible jobshop automated manufacturing system is considered to optimise the material flow and makespan. The flexibility is on the multishops of the same type and also multiple products that can be produced. An automated guided vehicle is applied for material handling. The objective is to optimise the material flow regarding the demand fluctuations and machine specifications and the makespan. An illustrative example is adopted from the literature to test the validity of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Computer Science Applications,Software,Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,FJMS,Flexible jobshop manufacturing system,GA,Genetic algorithm
Estimating arrival times of transportation jobs for automated material handling in LCD fabrication facilities	2015	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2014 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.A modern LCD fabrication facility uses state-of-art automation technology to enhance manufacturing competitiveness driven by shorter cycle times, faster deliveries, and higher quality products. All transportation jobs from a process toolset to other toolsets during fabrication are done by automated material handling systems such as industrial robots, automated cranes, and AGVs (automated guided vehicles) in the industry. Estimating transportation times are important since the information can be used to improve the performance of the material handling systems by providing the expected arrival time of a job compared to its arrival due time, which can be used to change the priority of the transportation more dynamically. This paper develops a new heuristic method based on a stochastic approach to estimate the arrival times of transportation jobs to their final destinations in an LCD fabrication facility. To analyze the performance of the new method, the author collected a set of actual transportation data from the industry and the analysis shows that the new method outperforms an existing method that uses simple statistics based on historical data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Arrival time estimation,Automated material handling system,LCD fabrication,Stochastic method
Optical metrology in manufacturing technology	2015	Handbook of Optical Metrology: Principles and Applications, Second Edition	2015 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Optical metrology plays an important role in modern production. Numerically controlled (NC) machines and robots depend on encoders for length and angle that are integrated in the respective axes. Optical techniques are applied for checking and adjusting production machines. Robots and automated floor-borne vehicles are guided by optical sensors. Optical techniques are used to check the quality of manufactured workpieces and to establish quality control loops. In the following sections, typical applications will be discussed.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	0	Engineering (all),Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
A hybrid method for assigning containers to AGVs in the dynamic environment of container terminals	2015	Studies in Informatics and Control	ICI Bucharest 2010-2015.The handling operations performed in ports require the use of equipment operating in a dynamic environment. Some tasks may not be fully carried out due to equipment failure or power breakdown that may occur particularly with the automated guided vehicles (AGV). The unavailability of equipment such as AGV has important consequences in terms of respecting the deadlines of different operations that a port should perform, such as the loading and unloading operations of ships. This situation can aggravate if there are also traffic problems in the port with some inaccessible network nodes. A part of the equipment will be blocked or the operations will take longer than expected if they don`t take the optimal path to connect the loading/unloading points and storage areas. These reasons confirm the usefulness of establishing a robust system able to resolve the problem of assigning containers in the static and dynamic environments. In a previous work, we developed a system for assigning containers in a static environment. In order to improve this method, we devote this paper to the study of the robustness of our system to the dynamic environment of the port. The numerical tests included in this paper show an adequate performance of our method for this particular dynamic environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	2	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Assignment,Containers,Dynamic,Genetic Algorithm,Optimization
Three-dimensional routing optimization for AVS/RS's composite operation	2015	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	, 2015, CIMS. All right reserved.An Improved Wolf Pack Algorithm (IWPA) was proposed to solve the three-dimensional routing optimization problem for Autonomous Vehicle Storage and Retrieval Systems (AVS/RS) composite operation. According to the characteristics of storage and retrieval operations in the system, an encoding and decoding method which contained task allocation and three-dimensional route information for the rail-guided vehicles was conceived. The tabu list and the crowded degree factor were introduced into the IWPA, and the adaptive siege step was presented to avoid the algorithm to trap in local optimal solutions and increase the convergence of the IWPA in later stage. A series of simulations based on concrete living example of autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems were completed in a provincial verification center. The analysis result showed that the proposed IWPA had the characteristics of fast convergence and obtains the global optimal solution in the comparison of other algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems,Improved wolf pack algorithm,Routing optimization,Three-dimensi-onal
Service network design for rail-mounted vehicles	2015	ICIC Express Letters	, 2015 ICIC international.In this study, a design of the service network for automated vehicles mounted on rails is addressed. A physical network is assumed to be given and a method to determine the direction of each segment of the physical network is suggested. Container terminals are used as the application area. Previous approaches, which are formulated as a mathematical programming, could not consider the waiting times at intersections or path segments. However, the estimation of the waiting time is time consuming when the simulation is used. Therefore, an algorithm, which is combined with a modified Dijkstra’s algorithm to find the shortest time path and queuing theory to calculate the waiting times at nodes, is proposed. Based on the experiment, the proposed algorithm was found to outperform other simple rules and the solution could be obtained in a short time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Network design,Queuing theory,Shortest time path
Application of AGV in intelligent logistics system	2015	IET Conference Publications	2015, Institution of Engineering and Technology. All rights reserved.AGV, a flexible and intelligent logistics handling robot, as intelligent logistics equipment, has been widely used in material handling, assembly lines and other occasions. The components, communication and guiding principle of the AGV system, were introduced, and the logistics distribution model of AGV was analyzed, which provided a reference on the applications for AGV in discrete manufacturing process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Discrete manufacturing,Intelligent logistics
Land-mark placement for reliable localization of automatic guided vehicle in warehouse environment	2015	2015 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, IEEE-ROBIO 2015	2015 IEEE.The reliable and effective localization system is the basis of Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) to complete given tasks automatically in warehouse environment. However, there are no obvious features that can be used for localization of AGV to be extracted in warehouse environment and it dose make it difficult to realize the localization of AGV. So in this paper, we concentrate on the problem of optimal landmarks placement in warehouse so as to improve the reliability of localization. Firstly, we take the practical warehouse environment into consideration and transform the problem of landmarks placement into an optimization problem which aims at maximizing the difference degree between each basic unit of localization. Then Genetic Algorithm (GA) is used to solve the optimization problem. Then we match the observed landmarks with the already known ones stored in the map and the Triangulation method is used to estimate the position of AGV after the matching has been done. Finally, experiments in a real warehouse environment validate the effectiveness and reliability of our method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Modeling and analysis of Flexible Manufacturing Systems: A simulation study	2015	ASEE Annual Conference and Exposition, Conference Proceedings	American Society for Engineering Education, 2015.Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) are highly modular reconfigurable systems, consisting of a group of processing workstations (such as CNC machining centers), and interconnected by an automated material handling and storage system. The adoption of a Flexible Manufacturing System involves a substantial investment and a high degree of uncertainty for today's factories. With the aim of combining production flexibility and productivity, the design decisions of a flexible manufacturing system must be based on FMS system performance. The current literature does not, however, provide enough detail to analyze the system performance in a Flexible Manufacturing System with different layout configurations. Models based on discrete-event simulation can be utilized to design production systems such as FMSs. In this study, ProModel software is used to simulate different models and evaluate the system performance in different FMS layouts. Based on the simulation models, we investigated the effectiveness and efficiency of FMS including system performance metrics such as manufacturing lead time (MLT), resource utilization, inventory and queue levels, throughput, bottleneck analysis, and the number of workstations. These decisions of FMS design are critical and need to be investigated in the initial phase with extreme care ensuring that the designed FMS will successfully fulfill the demands of a fluctuating market. Finally, this paper presents a case problem for performance evaluation of an existing manufacturing system. The result shows that the simulation models can effectively help the users to rapidly response to a mix of part styles and changes of demand patterns.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle system,Case study,Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS),Layout design,Performance measurement,Promodel,Simulation modeling
Modelling of the unloading problem in an automated container terminal	2015	Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Modelling, Identification and Control	2015, Acta Press. All rights reserved.Efficient scheduling of vehicles and allocating container storage locations are important in container terminal operations. This research investigates the integration of these two problems for the unloading process in an automated container terminal. The detailed schedule for each vehicle during the unloading process and the allocated storage location for each container are determined. A mixed-integer programming (MIP) is provided. A series of experiments are carried out: existing solver for small-sized problems and a genetic algorithm (GA) for large-sized problems. The solutions from GA are compared with the optimal solutions obtained from existing optimisation solver in small-sized problems. The results show that both the model and solution methods are efficient in solving the integrated optimisation problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminal,Container storage,Container unloading,Vehicle scheduling
Novel power receiver for dynamic wireless power transfer system	2015	IECON 2015 - 41st Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society	2015 IEEE.Dynamic magnetic coupling resonate wireless power transfer (WPT) system with single magnetic pole track allows very limited lateral migration of the power receiver relative to the power supply rail. The multi-pole rail improves the issue of lateral migration effectively, but when the receiver moves along the rail, the null points make it difficult to be applied to the equipment which carries none energy storage component. This paper presents a new multiphase receiver cooperating with multipolar power supply rail, which can improve the power transferring stability. Enabling applications such as automatic guided vehicles, robots, electrical vehicles which require continuous power supply, and ensure them to work continuously without any energy storage component. Besides, the improvement is achieved with any kind of shape of bipolar or multipolar tracks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	magnetic coupling resonate,wireless power transmission
Three-dimension modeling of manufacturing plant scene based on RGB-D sensor	2015	Huanan Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of South China University of Technology (Natural Science)	, 2015, South China University of Technology. All right reserved.Environment perception is a prerequisite for the autonomous intelligent operation of automatic guided vehicles, and 3D maps are more suitable than the 2D ones for representing an unstructured scene. However, the existing laser radar-and vision-based methods both have some deficiencies. In this paper, a RGB-D sensor mounted on a mobile robot with open-source ROS framework is used to build an integrated system for the three-dimension modeling of large-scale and complex scenes in manufacturing plants, and the architecture of hardware and ROS software modules of the system as well as the scanning strategy is introduced. Moreover, an experiment is carried out to investigate the automatic continuous scanning of a region in a manufacturing plant scene, the data registration and the three-dimension modeling of the system. The results show that the proposed system meets the requirements of three-dimension scene modeling well.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Manufacturing plant scene,Mobile robot,ROS,Three-dimension scene modeling
Cross entropy model for AGV routing time	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.Today, in order to survive in the rapid challenging environment of the modern manufacturing era, manufacturers are forced to adopt new technologies, especially for products that are made in small batch production. Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) has been applied for the automated manufacturing system. In industrial application, manufacturing factory is brought the mobile vehicle to incorporate working with other machine in order to being the automated manufacturing system (Arai et al., 2002).Advanced automated manufacturing systems are widely used in industrial companies where productivity objectives have to be met. These systems often being costly, they must be designed to be as efficient as possible. Here, an automated manufacturing system in a job shop layout considering AGV as a material handling resource is focused. The key issue in manufacturing operations is how to produce high quality products at low costs in such a way that the diversified demand is met. Hence, modern manufacturing companies should become as responsive as possible in order to satisfy customer demands. Material handling accounts for 30–75% of the total cost of a product, and efficient material handling can result in reducing the manufacturing system operations cost by 15–30% (Sule, 1994). These points underscore the importance of material handling costs reduction as a key element in improving the cost structure of a product. The determination of a material handling system involves both the selection of suitable material handling equipment and the assignment of material handling operations to each individual piece of equipment. Hence, material handling system selection can be defined as the selection of material handling equipment to perform material handling operations within a working area considering all aspects of the products to be handled.The material handling system plays a crucial role in automated manufacturing systems. When inadequately designed, the material handling system indeed can adversely affect the overall performance of the system and lead to substantial losses in productivity and competitiveness, and to unacceptably long lead times. Thus, to avoid such pitfalls, material handling system design must be integrated into the overall design of the manufacturing system centering on the selection of machines and the allocation of operations to the machines (Butdee and Suebsomran, 2006; Shirazi et al., 2010).Automated guided vehicle is an intelligent machine that has ‘intelligence’ to determine its motion status according to the environmental conditions systems. AGVs are advanced material handling devices extensively used in automated manufacturing systems (AMS) to transport materials among workstations (Vis, 2006).	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Speed control of a DC motor using PD and PWM controllers	2015	Solid State Phenomena	(2015) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.One of the most commonly used actuators in industry are DC motors because of their relative control simplicity, small dimensions and a low price. The paper analyses a DC motor with focus on speed control using two different approaches. First, a mathematical model of the DC motor is introduced. For controller design, two methods, namely the frequency shaping method and PWM control, are used. Both approaches are simulated and compared to each other. For running simulations, software Matlab/Simulink has been applied. The conclusion discusses the advantages and disadvantages of the employed control methods. The contribution of the paper brings information about the advantages and disadvantages of approaches.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Slovakia	1	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Materials Science (all),Condensed Matter Physics	Controller,DC motor,Mathematical model
Hybrid control law for path tracking of dual-differential-driven mobile robot	2015	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	, 2015, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.A dual-differential-driven mobile robot is consisted of two differential driving modules equipped with normal-shape wheels, suffering from constraints of nonholonomic and redundancy in motion. A two-input-two-output nonlinear kinematics model was established for path tracking of the proposed mobile robot and then linearized by the approach of input-output linearization. The need for coordinating the speeds of two driving modules was analyzed when considering the redundancy in motion, and a hybrid control law combining an evaluation function method of error intelligent-transformation with an approach of exponential stability control was proposed. The evaluation function method was used to compute the suitable control output intelligently for different error states so as to convert them into the applicable range of exponential stability control. Then the latter was used to eliminate posture angle error and distance error synchronously towards zero. The results of digital simulation and experiment test showed that the hybrid control law could transform error states smoothly and eliminate two pose errors synchronously, and the mobile robot could track the linear and circular guide paths accurately and steadily.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Dual-differential-driven,Evaluation function,Exponential stability,Mobile robot,Path tracking
Estrous induced changes in cow behavioral activities measured with RTLS	2015	Precision Livestock Farming 2015 - Papers Presented at the 7th European Conference on Precision Livestock Farming, ECPLF 2015	A normal sign of pro-estrous and estrous in cows in loose housing systems includes increased activity and socializing with other sexual active counter mates, which results in changes in cow time budgets (24 hour). This observational study offers descriptive results of changes in estimated cow time budgets in relation to insemination using a Real Time Location System (GEA CowView) in two Danish dairy herds. Both herds had loose housing systems with slatted floors and mattress cubicles, one had rotary milking system (3x milking) and the other automatic milking system with guided cow traffic. Time budgeting included behavioral activities based on positions, and was defined as time spent in the different activity zones (e.g. time in bed, time in alley ways, time at feeding table, and time in milking waiting area) and total distance traveled. Profiles and variation in time budget from seven days before insemination to seven days after were compared between herds based on 65 inseminations from Farm 1 and 56 inseminations from Farm 2. Changes due to presumed pro-estrous / estrous behavior in relation to insemination were most distinct on the day before insemination and most marked for average daily time spent in the alley ways and in bed and average daily distance travelled. The changes were more distinct in Farm 1 than in Farm 2. Variation in the time-budgets with-in herd was larger than the difference in the average time-budgets between herds.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Animal Science and Zoology	Estrous behavior,Real time location system
Fast acquisition of L1 aiding L2C dual-frequency GPS signal based on SFFT	2015	Xi Tong Gong Cheng Yu Dian Zi Ji Shu/Systems Engineering and Electronics	, 2015, Chinese Institute of Electronics. All right reserved.Outdoor automatic guided vehicle (AGV) transportation and future intelligent unmanned vehicles require positioning accuracy high for the global positioning system (GPS), GPS L1/L2C dual-frequency signals can improve the location accuracy by correcting ionospheric delay. However, L2 civil moderate/civil long (CM/CL) codes are both much longer than L1 coarse/acquisition(C/A) codes. If the traditional acquisition algorithm is applied to L2C acquisition directly, it will lead to much longer acquisition time and even failed acquisition. Therefore, an algorithm is proposed, which accomplishes CM acquisition by using the acquired Doppler shift and C/A code phase of L1 signals, then similarly finishes CL acquisition by the CM aided code phase, which makes the two-dimension searching process for L2C acquisition narrow down to searching one dimension code phase with fewer discrete points. Meanwhile, the split-radix fast Fourier transform (SFFT) instead of traditional radix-2 FFT is introduced into correlation operation, which can reduce the calculated quantity further. Simulation results show that the suggested algorithm can achieve accurate acquisition of dual-frequency signals with much lower calculated amount.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Aiding acquisition,Fast acquisition,L1/L2C dual-frequency GPS signal,Split-radix fast Fourier transform(SFFT)
Agent-based simulation for the evaluation of a new dispatching model for the straddle carrier pooling problem	2015	SIMULATION	To deal with several classes of planning and management problems in different business domains (transport, energy, defense, etc.) and at different decisional levels (strategic, tactical and operational levels), significant benefits can derive from the definition of solution methods which are able to combine and capitalize on the strengths of mathematical programming and agent-based techniques. In this paper, an approach based on the joint use of mathematical programming and agent-based techniques is exploited in the context of maritime logistics. In particular, a transshipment terminal is considered with the goal of planning the container transportation between the yard and the quay during the loading/discharging operations of a containership by exploiting a pool of straddle carriers shared among the quay cranes. The goal is to route the straddle carriers by determining a sequence of container movements for each of them in order to optimize a given performance criterion. In particular, a new dispatching model is proposed and evaluated through an agent-based simulation model which also made it possible a better understanding of interesting properties of the problem under consideration.  2015, The Author(s). All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	8	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Agent-based modeling and simulation,straddle carrier pooling problem,transshipment container terminal
Forklift free factory: A simulation model to evaluate different transportation systems in the automotive industry	2015	International Journal of Computer Aided Engineering and Technology	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper describes the results of a large project executed in the automotive industry. The goal of the project was to simulate different transportation systems (EMS, AGV and tugger) in order to compare their performances. In our simulation, we focused on investigating the following parameters: amount of loading stations, equipment and operators needed, and storage place at the line.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	1	Computer Science Applications,Software,Engineering (all)	AGV,Automatic guided vehicle,Electrified monorail system,EMS,Forklift,Kitting,Plant simulation,Simulation,Tugger
A genetic optimization algorithm for nonlinear stochastic programs in an automated manufacturing system	2015	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2015 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.We concern with both time and cost optimization in an automated manufacturing system. In our proposed system, material handling is carried out by automated guided vehicles and robots for the manufacturing functions. In this way, defect rates, breakdown times, waiting time, processing time, and certain other parameters are not expected to be deterministic. Therefore, we apply stochastic programming to optimize the production time and material handling cost. The proposed stochastic program is a nonlinear model, for this reason we apply a successive linear programming (SLP) technique for its optimization. Numerical test results point to the inefficacy of the proposed optimization method for large sized problems. Hence, a genetic algorithm (GA) is presented to optimize large sized problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	Automated manufacturing system,genetic algorithm,nonlinear optimization,stochastic programming
Chassis design of a mobile robot for reducing weight by excluding suspension elements	2015	Journal of Automation, Mobile Robotics and Intelligent Systems	2015, Industrial Research Institute for Automation and Measurements. All rights reserved.This paper proposes the design concept that prevents its total weight from increasing. The object of the methodology is to modify a conventional robot chassis for structural simplicity by composing the chassis from an elastic material so that it can reduce vibration and shock to the body. This idea makes it unnecessary to attach additional elements, such as suspension units; in addition, it means that it is possible to easily deform the chassis by forming long holes, and to decrease the total weight of the robot, even when the chassis is thick enough for functionality. It contributes to preventing the weight of the power source from increasing. Structural models for analyzing flexure of the chassis using the finite element method (FEM) are pursued. Also, dynamic behaviors of the chassis are clarified based on the modal analysis. The minor difference in error between the experimental and analytical data verifies that the models are useful in a practical application.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Artificial Intelligence	Chassis flexure,FEM,Mobile robot,Suspension-less,Wheelchair
Dual-sensor fusion for obstacle avoidance in indoor environment	2015	2015 International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Intelligent Systems, ARIS 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper presents a real-time automatic obstacle avoidance system using depth information and sonar data. The depth map is provided by Microsoft Kinect and sonar data are obtained from sonar sensors. With fusion of weighted depth information and sonar data, a set of intelligent fuzzy rules are designed to construct a safe path to avoid obstacles in indoor environment. According to the experimental results, this system has good performance while compared with the previous approaches and can work in dark environment. According to the experimental results, this system has good performance while compared with the previous approaches and can work in unfamiliar environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Developing a new logistics based model and pilot system for construction	2015	Periodica Polytechnica Transportation Engineering	This paper presents the development of a new construction logistics model with a new point of view: we want to integrate related experiences from the practice of other industries with the specialties of construction logistics processes. It gives a detailed description on the proposed model. Furthermore, the basics of a demonstration physical test system will be described as well. The development introduced in this paper is a part of a Hungarian Government-financed research project (reference no. KTIA-AIK-12-1-2013-0009). The whole budget (c.a. 1.36 Million EUR) of the research is provided by the KTIA fund.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	6	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Adaptive simulation,Construction logistics,Construction process management,Modeling,Pilot system,Process control
Applications of WASPAS method as a multi-criteria decision-making tool	2015	Economic Computation and Economic Cybernetics Studies and Research	2015, Academy of Economic Studies. All rights reserved.The weighted aggregated sum product assessment (WASPAS) method is a unique combination of weighted sum model (WSM) and weighted product model (WPM). Because of its mathematical simplicity and capability to provide more accurate results as compared to WSM and WPM methods, it is now being widely accepted as an efficient decision-making tool. In this paper, its applicability is validated using five real time manufacturing related problems while selecting (a) a flexible manufacturing system, (b) a machine in a flexible manufacturing cell, (c) an automated guided vehicle, (d) an automated inspection system, and (e) an industrial robot. It is observed that for all these five problems, WASPAS method provides quite acceptable results. The optimal λ values for each of the considered problem are determined and the effects of varying λ values on ranking of the candidate alternatives in WASPAS method are also analyzed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	37	Economics and Econometrics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Manufacturing,MCDM (Multiple Criteria Decision Making),Ranking,WASPAS (Weighted Aggregated Sum Product Assessment),WPM (Weighted Product Model),WSM (Weighted Sum Model)
Automated 3D vision guided bin picking process for randomly located industrial parts	2015	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	2015 IEEE.Bin picking has been a research topic for years because of the challenges in image processing, robot motion planning and tool system. However, much of the existing work is not applicable to most real world bin picking problems because they are too simplistic or not robust enough for industrial use. In this paper, we developed a robust random 3D bin picking system by integrating the vision system with the robotics system. The vision system identifies the location of candidate parts, then the robot system validates if one of the candidate parts is pickable; if a part is identified as pickable, then the robot will pick up this part and place it accurately in the right location. An ABB IRB2400 robot with an IRC5 controller was chosen for picking up the parts. A 3D vision system was used to locate the parts. Experimental results demonstrated that the system can successfully pick up randomly placed parts in an industrial setting. This system provides a practical and robust solution for the industrial applications that require 3D random bin picking.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Neuro-fuzzy-regression expert system for AGV optimal path	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.According to Turban and Aronson (1998), a decision support system (DSS) is a computer-based information system combining models and data in an attempt to solve non-structured problems with extensive user involvement. They advocated that an expert system (ES) was a computer system that applied reasoning methodologies on knowledge to render advice or recommendations much like a human expert. When expert system technology was first applied to decision-making problems, it fell short in several respects. Early expert systems were rule-based and thus were not capable of handling the classical DSS functions being more computational than logical. Recently, artificial intelligence researchers have noted the necessity for using statistical techniques to build intelligent decision support systems (Nolan, 1998; Weiss and Kulikowski, 1991). Examples of such statistical techniques include fuzzy logic, neural networks, rule induction and various Bayesian techniques. Turban and Aronson (1998) believe that although uncertainty is widespread in the real world, but practical treatment in artificial intelligence is very limited.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Multi-objective iterated greedy variable neighborhood search algorithm for solving a full-load automated guided vehicle routing problem with battery constraints	2015	Electronic Notes in Discrete Mathematics	2014 Elsevier B.V.The Stacker Crane Problem consists in finding a set of minimum-cost roads starts and stops at the same location to satisfy a set of predefined transportation request assuming to have a server with a capacity one. This work deals with an extension of the stacker crane problem that impose distance and time constraints for the roads. We propose specifically an application to this extension on specific set of on-demand transportation system. We propose also an approach based on Variable Neighborhood Search and iterated greedy metaheuristics to deal with the multi-objective version of this problem. One important feature of our specific algorithm is the use of the distruction/contruction method as a shake function for the Variable Neighborhood Search algorithm. This feature combined with the multi-neighborhood Search led us to a preliminary promising results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	4	Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics,Applied Mathematics	Iterated greedy,Multi-objective,Personal rapid transit,Variable neighborhood search
Variational inference for robust sequential learning of Multilayered Perceptron neural network	2015	FME Transactions	Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Belgrade.We derive a new sequential learning algorithm for Multilayered Perceptron (MLP) neural network robust to outliers. Presence of outliers in data results in failure of the model especially if data processing is performed on-line or in real time. Extended Kalman filter robust to outliers (EKF-OR) is probabilistic generative model in which measurement noise covariance is modeled as stochastic process over the set of symmetric positive-definite matrices in which prior is given as inverse Wishart distribution. Derivation of expressions comes straight form first principles, within Bayesian framework. Analytical intractability of Bayes' update step is solved using Variational Inference (VI). Experimental results obtained using real world stochastic data show that MLP network trained with proposed algorithm achieves low error and average improvement rate of 7% when compared directly to conventional EKF learning algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Bayesian learning,Extended Kalman filter,Heavy-tailed noise,Inverse Wishart distribution,Structured variational approximation
Performance evaluation of ultrasonic sensors accuracy in distance measurement	2015	2014 11th International Symposium on Electronics and Telecommunications, ISETC 2014 - Conference Proceedings	2014 IEEE.This paper deals with performance evaluation of NXT ultrasonic sensor and Parallax Ping sensor for distance measurement. We propose an efficient method based on piecewise linear regression to improve the NXT ultrasonic sensor accuracy of distance measurement. Finally, some experimental results are carried out to reveal the performance of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	linear regression,NXT ultrasonic sensor,Parallax Ping,speed of soun,time-of-flight
Development of an instrument for road edge measurement	2015	Journal of Telecommunication, Electronic and Computer Engineering	Road edge detection was studied by researchers for applications in automated guided vehicles (AGV) and mainly done through the optical images using machine vision laser sensor, LIDAR sensor, laser radar and frequency modulated continuous wave (FMCW) radar. The navigation is focused on the monitoring and controlling the movement of autonomous vehicle to follow line on the road. This paper presents an instrument to detect road-edge for the paint mobile robot that will be use to paint the road line on the new roads. The rotating of ultrasonic sensor will be used as a sensor to measure the range of the road edge. The time of flight of ultrasonic sensor is determined, as well as the distance between the sensor and the road surface. The road surface profile was plotted and displayed on the computer. As a result, the developed instrument has the ability to measure the road edge after completing several experiments. The sensor has 83.59% accuracy of measuring road with 1 lane and 86.05% accuracy of measuring road with road curb. Therefore, the instrument can be used to accurately measure the road width for road line painting industry. The repeatability measurements show the sensor value for road width measurement with 0.99% precision value. Lastly, it shows that the designed low cost instrument can be used to measure the road-edge by the mobile painting robots.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Instruments,Road edge,Robotics,Ultrasonic Sensor
Mission Assignment for Multi-Vehicle Systems in Industrial Environments	2015	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2015, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.In this paper we introduce a methodology for mission assignment in multiple vehicle system exploited in industrial environments for logistics operations. We explicitly consider the model of the traffic, for performing an optimized dynamic mission assignment. Simulation results are provided for comparing the proposed methodology with state-of-the-art techniques, that do not consider the state of the traffic while allocating missions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	10	Control and Systems Engineering	delivery robots,Mobile robots,Multi cooperative robot control,Transport,vehicles
Evaluating handling equipment operating systems in container yard	2015	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers Part M: Journal of Engineering for the Maritime Environment	IMechE 2013.In this article, a fuzzy analytic hierarchy process method is presented to evaluate handling equipment operated in a container yard. To begin with, there were 19 criteria established for the evaluation, and then, a factor analysis was used to extract five dimensions, namely, operating environment, reliability, productivity, storage capacity and managing costs. Furthermore, an expert questionnaire of analytic hierarchy was established based on the 5 dimensions, 19 criteria and 5 alternative solutions. Finally, the proposed fuzzy analytic hierarchy process was used to verify the evaluation model, with handling equipment operated in Container Center A of Kaohsiung Harbor taken as an illustration. The research results showed that the storage capacity was the most important factor to the evaluation. Among the 19 criteria, the first 5 were a 20-foot container ground slot, the acquisition cost of the handling equipment, annual handling capacity of the storage yard, handling methods and the equipment failure rate, in the ascending order of precedence, and the handling equipment best fits Container Center A of Kaohsiung Harbor was rail-mounted gantry cranes. It is hoped that the proposed evaluation model will help container yard operators select the most suitable handling equipment for their operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Ocean Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Container yard,fuzzy analytic hierarchy process,fuzzy set theory,handling equipment,multi-criteria decision making
Toward ensuring ethical behavior from autonomous systems: A case-supported principle-based paradigm	2015	AAAI Workshop - Technical Report	2015, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (www.aaai.org). All rights reserved.A paradigm of case-supported principle-based behavior (CPB) is proposed to help ensure ethical behavior of autonomous machines. We argue that ethically significant behavior of autonomous systems should be guided by explicit ethical principles determined through a consensus of ethicists. Such a consensus is likely to emerge in many areas in which autonomous systems are apt to be deployed and for the actions they are liable to undertake, as we are more likely to agree on how machines ought to treat us than on how human beings ought to treat one another. Given such a consensus, particular cases of ethical dilemmas where ethicists agree on the ethically relevant features and the right course of action can be used to help discover principles needed for ethical guidance of the behavior of autonomous systems. Such principles help ensure the ethical behavior of complex and dynamic systems and further serve as a basis for justification of their actions as well as a control abstraction for managing unanticipated behavior. The requirements, methods, implementation, and evaluation components of the CPB paradigm are detailed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Engineering (all)	None
Estimated cow time-budgets using a Real Time Location System	2015	Precision Livestock Farming 2015 - Papers Presented at the 7th European Conference on Precision Livestock Farming, ECPLF 2015	The behavioral activities of cows and thereby their time-budgets are affected by many internal and external factors in intensive dairy production. This observational study offers descriptive results of estimated, simple cow time-budgets using a Real Time Location System (GEA CowView) in two Danish dairy herds (sized approx. 350-400 lactating cows per herd). Both herds were loose housing systems with slatted floors and mattress cubicles. Farm 1 had a rotary milking system (3x milking) with lactating cows divided into five groups of different group sizes. Farm 2 had an automatic milking system with guided cow traffic and the lactating cows divided into eight groups, four production groups and four welfare / treatment groups. Based on positions from the real time location system (RTLS) behavioral activities were defined as total distance traveled and time spent in different activity zones: time in bed, time in alley ways, time at feeding table, and time in milking waiting areas. Twenty-four-hours accumulated behavioral activities were summarized for all cows in milking during a 7-day trial period per herd. Output from the descriptive analysis focused on the overall average and variability in 24-hour's time-budgets between farms, group-wise with-in farm and the between-cows with-in farm. Results showed that these two herds had similar average time-budgets despite differences in production facilities. Variability between animals with-in farm was estimated to be higher in Farm 2 with automatic milking system than in Farm 1 with conventional rotary.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Animal Science and Zoology	Cow time budget,Real time location
Autonomous microgrid design using classifier-guided sampling	2015	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	Copyright  2015 by ASME.Identifying high-performance, system-level microgrid designs is a significant challenge due to the overwhelming array of possible configurations. Uncertainty relating to loads, utility outages, renewable generation, and fossil generator reliability further complicates this design problem. In this paper, the performance of a candidate microgrid design is assessed by running a discrete event simulation that includes extended, unplanned utility outages during which microgrid performance statistics are computed. Uncertainty is addressed by simulating long operating times and computing average performance over many stochastic outage scenarios. Classifier-guided sampling, a Bayesian classifier-based optimization algorithm for computationally expensive design problems, is used to search and identify configurations that result in reduced average load not served while not exceeding a predetermined microgrid construction cost. The city of Hoboken, NJ, which sustained a severe outage following Hurricane Sandy in October, 2012, is used as an example of a location in which a well-designed microgrid could be of great benefit during an extended, unplanned utility outage. The optimization results illuminate design trends and provide insights into the traits of high-performance configurations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	None
Unmanned forklift docking using two cameras	2015	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2015.An unmanned forklift requires precise positioning and pallet detection. Therefore, conventional unmanned forklifts use high-cost sensors to find the exact position of the pallet. In this study, a docking algorithm with two cameras is proposed. The proposed method uses vision data to extract the angle difference between the pallet and the forklift. Then the control law is derived from the extracted angle for successful docking. The extracted angle is compared with the actual angle in the real environment. The control law is tested with the Lyapunov stability test and Routh-Hurwitz stability criterion. Through various experiments, the proposed docking algorithm showed the success rate high enough for real-life applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	docking system,unmanned forklift,vision based control
A novel adaptive genetic algorithm based on normal distribution function and its application	2015	Journal of Computational Information Systems	, 2015, Binary Information Press. All right reserved.In order to overcome premature convergence and improve convergent speed, a new adaptive genetic algorithm based on normal distribution function (NDAGA) is proposed in this paper. Based on normal distribution function, we present two adaptive adjustment measures. One is about the range of fitness value, which is mainly used for maintaining population diversity to provide adequate power for evolution. The other is mainly reflected in adjusting the probabilities of crossover and mutation, which are the two crucial factors of the whole algorithm. Compared with SGA, AGA and IAGA through a series of classic test functions, the presented algorithm has a significant improvement on the convergent rate and can jump out of the local optimum easily. Moreover, the novel algorithm is efficient in solving deployment problem about radio station.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Adaptive,Adjustment measure,Crossover probability,Genetic algorithm,Maintaining population diversity,Mutation probability
Smart road vehicle sensing system based on monocular vision	2015	Optik	2014 Elsevier GmbH.In this paper, a smart monocular vision based system to sense vehicles with a camera mounted inside a moving car is developed. The "smartness" is that the sensing ability of our system can be self improved when used. This system maintains an online learning ability which consists of two main stages: an initialization stage by applying an offline trained classifier and a retraining stage with queried and labeled new samples. The unlabeled examples are queried base on "most uncertainty" criterion, and an automatic labeling mechanism is used to assign a class label to some of the queried examples. Finally, the newly labeled training examples are then used to retrain the classifier and improve its performance continuously. Experiments show that the developed system maintains smart learning ability and performs well on real road situation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic sample labeling,Monocular vision,Smart system,Vehicle sensing
Markovian model for multiple AGV system	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.Traditional manufacturing has relied on dedicated mass-production systems to achieve high production volumes at low costs. As living standards improve and the demands for new consumer goods rise, manufacturing flexibility gains prominence as a strategic tool for rapidly changing markets. Flexibility, however, cannot be properly incorporated in the decision-making process if it is not well defined and measured in a quantitative manner. Flexibility in its most rudimentary sense is the ability of a manufacturing system to respond to changes and uncertainties associated with the production process (Miettinenet al., 2010; Kumar and Sridharan, 2009; Das et al., 2009). A comprehensive classification of eight flexibility types was proposed in Browne et al. (1984).	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Trajectory learning and reproduction for differential drive mobile robots based on GMM/HMM and dynamic time warping using learning from demonstration framework	2015	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.In this paper, we present new Learning from Demonstration-based algorithm that generalizes and extracts relevant features of desired motion trajectories for differential drive mobile robots. The algorithm is tested through series of simulations and real world experiments in which desired task is demonstrated by the human teacher while teleoperating the mobile robot in the working environment. In the first step of the developed method, Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) is built for incremental motions of the mobile robot between two consecutive poses. After this, the hidden Markov model is used to capture transitions between states (temporal variations of the data between clusters) which are missing from static GMM representation. Generalization of the motion is achieved by using the concept of keyframes, defined as points in which significant changes between GMM/HMM states occur. In the second step, the resulting GMM/HMM representation is used to generate optimal state sequences for each demonstration and to temporally align them, using 1D dynamic time warping, with respect to the one most consistent with the GMM/HMM model. This phase implies extraction of keyframes along all state sequences and projecting them into control space, in which controls are aligned in time as well. Finally, the generalized controls are obtained by averaging over all controls at the keyframes; simple piecewise cubic spline method is used for interpolation between generated control values. The main advantage of the developed algorithm is its ability to learn and generalize from all demonstrated examples which results in high quality reproductions of the motion. The proposed approach is verified both in simulated environment and using real mobile robot.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Differential drive mobile robot,Gaussian mixture model,Generalized motion,Hidden Markov model,Learning from demonstrations
Necessary and sufficient liveness condition of GS3PR Petri nets	2015	International Journal of Systems Science	2013 Taylor & Francis.Structural analysis is one of the most important and efficient methods to investigate the behaviour of Petri nets. Liveness is a significant behavioural property of Petri nets. Siphons, as structural objects of a Petri net, are closely related to its liveness. Many deadlock control policies for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) modelled by Petri nets are implemented via siphon control. Most of the existing methods design liveness-enforcing supervisors by adding control places for siphons based on their controllability conditions. To compute a liveness-enforcing supervisor with as much as permissive behaviour, it is both theoretically and practically significant to find an exact controllability condition for siphons. However, the existing conditions, max, max′, and max″-controllability of siphons are all overly restrictive and generally sufficient only. This paper develops a new condition called max∗-controllability of the siphons in generalised systems of simple sequential processes with resources (GS3PR), which are a net subclass that can model many real-world automated manufacturing systems. We show that a GS3PR is live if all its strict minimal siphons (SMS) are max∗-controlled. Compared with the existing conditions, i.e., max-, max′-, and max″-controllability of siphons, max∗-controllability of the SMS is not only sufficient but also necessary. An example is used to illustrate the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	22	Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications	controllability condition,liveness,Petri net,siphon
Target localization and navigation with directed radio sensing in wireless sensor networks	2015	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.Autonomous mobile robots guided by a set of interconnected RF sensors present a interesting scenario of vehicle localization and navigation. We investigate the feasibility of a novel RF sensing based method to address the target and robot localization for situations when conventional localization means fail to deliver. Our method allows the robot to discover the location of a target sensor and execute a navigate plan using the networked RF beacon nodes. The location of the target sensor is estimated by matching the beacon observations against an RF map. A particle filtering algorithm is used to track the location of target sensor node. The algorithm demonstrates a beyond-the-grid accuracy even only a coarse RF map is used.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Navigation,Particle Filtering,RF mapping,Robot localization
Autonomous ultrasound-guided tissue dissection	2015	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.Intraoperative ultrasound imaging can act as a valuable guide during minimally invasive tumour resection. However, contemporaneous bimanual manipulation of the transducer and cutting instrument presents significant challenges for the surgeon. Both cannot occupy the same physical location, and so a carefully coordinated relative motion is required. Using robotic partial nephrectomy as an index procedure, and employing PVA cryogel tissue phantoms in a reduced dimensionality setting, this study sets out to achieve autonomous tissue dissection with a high velocity waterjet under ultrasound guidance. The open-source da Vinci Research Kit (DVRK) provides the foundation for a novel multimodal visual servoing approach, based on the simultaneous processing and analysis of endoscopic and ultrasound images. Following an accurate and robust Jacobian estimation procedure, dissections are performed with specified theoretical tumour margin distances. The resulting margins, with a mean difference of 0.77mm, indicate that the overall system performs accurately, and that future generalisation to 3D tumour and organ surface morphologies is warranted.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	United Kingdom	7	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Positioning control through command messages inside a flexible robotic cell with AGV	2015	Proceedings - 2015 20th International Conference on Control Systems and Computer Science, CSCS 2015	2015 IEEE.Compared with control methods that use analog signals in servo feedback control loops, a control method through multi-agent related command messages for AGV positioning into a specific flexible robotic cell work sequence is presented. In order to ensure the communication between the vehicle and the robot, RTOS robotic controller prototypes with modified protocol are used. Overall system performance is analyzed by using modeling tools for discrete event systems like GSPN. The interaction between AGV and flexible robotic cell components is implemented through communication messages using serial data received from an optical XY encoder, communication protocol receive function is modeled with Generalized Stochastic Petri Net GSPN. The achieved results that are validated on the experimental RTOS robotic platform and DMQX language extension for robotic applications conduct to robot-AGV interaction optimization, decrease the flexible cell's cycle time and increase the positioning precision of the AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	1	Software,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering	Communication protocol,Distributed system with discrete events,Flexible robotic cel,GSPN Petri net,Language extension,Multi-agent techniques,Robotic platform
Design of a low-cost vision system for laser profilometry aiding smart vehicles movement	2015	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.We present a fast and accurate method to derive the pose of a mobile vehicle moving within bounded paths. A triangulation-based vision system made of a laser source, able to generate a line pattern, and a high speed camera is applied on the front side of an autonomous vehicle, namely the SmoovASRVplatform, which is able to store and retrieve pallets in smart warehouses. The presented system extracts the properties of the emitted laser line on the camera plane and transfers these information to the vehicle reference system. Then, the presence of constitutive landmarks along the path, i.e., holes and bends, permit the estimation of other parameters, such as vehicle speed, enabling the exact control of the vehicle. Further validations have returned accuracies lower than 2 and 3.2% in distance and tilt measurements with respect to the rail border, respectively.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous guided vehicle,Computer vision,Indoor robot navigation,Laser profilometry,Smart warehouse,Visual odometry
LIDAR and monocular based overhanging obstacle detection	2015	Procedia Computer Science	2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.This paper presents an improved method for the detection of obstacles in the trajectory of autonomous ground vehicle (AGV). The novel approach requires fewer calculations, i.e. less computational time. Obstacle detection algorithms were investigated, in order to perform safe motion control, in an environment with unknown overhanging obstacles. We describe a two dimensional (2D) laser sensor application, and optimal sensor configurations for mounting a monocular camera to monitor path ahead clearance. Two different sensors are used, a vision sensor and a scanning laser, Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR). While LIDAR measures the precise distance to the object, it cannot detect low objects and overhanging obstacles due to its predefined, constant, scanning height and angle. In contrast, vision sensor provides 2D scenery information with relatively poor distance information. To compensate for the drawbacks of these two sensors, the sensor fusion method for obstacle detection of AGV is proposed. Size expansion cue algorithm is deployed to achieve that goal. Proposed method is validated experimentally.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	3	Computer Science (all)	LIDAR,Monocular camera,Overhanging obstacles detection,Scale invariant feature transform (SIFT)
Decentralized deadlock-free control for AGV systems	2015	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	2015 American Automatic Control Council.This paper proposes a decentralized control strategy to assign tasks to Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGV) and coordinate their paths to avoid deadlock and collisions. We consider a zone-controlled guidepath network where a set of intelligent vehicles (agents) has to autonomously reach a consensus about the distribution of a set of tasks, i.e., a set of zones to be reached. To this aim the agents apply a discrete consensus algorithm in order to locally minimize the global cost for reaching the destination zone. Moreover, we present a decentralized coordination protocol that is based on a zone-controlled approach with the aim of avoiding deadlock and collisions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	16	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Large-scale microscopic simulation of taxi services	2015	Procedia Computer Science	2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.The paper presents research on large-scale microscopic simulation of taxi services in Berlin based on floating car data collected by the Taxi Berlin fleet, the largest taxi association in Germany's capital. Firstly, Berlin's taxi market is shortly described and the demand and supply data obtained from FCD analysed. Secondly, the online taxi dispatching problem formulation for this specific case is given, followed by the definition of two real-time rule-based heuristics used to dispatch taxis dynamically within the simulation. Finally, the simulation setup in MATSim is described, and the results obtained with both heuristics are analysed and compared in terms of dispatching performance, proving the effectiveness of the second strategy at different demand scales.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	19	Computer Science (all)	Berlin,Dynamic vehicle routing,Floating car data,MATSim,Microscopic simulation,Online taxi dispatching
Feedback linearization control for path tracking of articulated dump truck	2015	Telkomnika (Telecommunication Computing Electronics and Control)	The articulated dump truck is a widespread transport vehicle for narrow rough terrain environment. To achieve the autonomous driving in the underground tunnel, this article proposes a path following strategy -for articulated vehicle based on feedback linearization algorithm. First of all, the kinematic model of articulated vehicle, which reflects the relationship between the structure parameters and state variables, has been established. Referring to the model, the nonlinear errors equation between real path and reference path, which are as the feedback from the path tracking process, has been solved and linearized. After estimating the system controllability, the path following controller with feedback linearization algorithm has been designed through calculating the parameters with the pole assignment according to the error equation. Finally, the Hardware-In-the-Loop simulation on NI cRIO and PXI controller has been -conducted for verifying the control quality and real-time path tracking performance. The result shows that the path tracking controller with feedback linearization can track the reference path accurately.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Articulated vehicle,Feedback linearization,Hardware-In-the-loop,Path tracking
A hybrid metaheuristic approach for production scheduling	2015	Proceedings of the 13th International Symposium on Operational Research, SOR 2015	Production scheduling is crucial means of contributing a company to meet the demands in a timely manner, given the resources and constraining circumstances of the manufacturing environment. This problem has been dealt with numerous methods for approximately five decades. Since solving production scheduling problems with exact methods is computationally expensive, metaheuristics are frequently used where an exploration-exploitation balance has been the main objective. This study introduces a novel hybrid approach that utilizes Genetic Algorithms (GA) and Simulated Annealing (SA). A real-world application is utilized as a test problem for comparing these algorithms with the novel hybrid approach. Results indicate that the algorithm is promising for scheduling problems; however, being computationally expensive compared to classical approaches.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Strategy and Management,Modeling and Simulation,Numerical Analysis,Management of Technology and Innovation,Management Science and Operations Research	Genetic algorithm,Production scheduling,Simulated annealing
A Hybrid Heuristic Algorithm for the Intelligent Transportation Scheduling Problem of the BRT System	2015	Journal of Intelligent Systems	2015 by De Gruyter.This work proposes a hybrid heuristic algorithm to solve the bus rapid transit (BRT) intelligent scheduling problem, which is a combination of the genetic algorithm, simulated annealing algorithm, and fitness scaling method. The simulated annealing algorithm can increase the local search ability of the genetic algorithm, so as to accelerate its convergence speed. Fitness scaling can reduce the differences between individuals in the early stage of the algorithm, to prevent the genetic algorithm from falling into a local optimum through increasing the diversity of the population. It can also increase the selection probability of outstanding individuals, and speed up the convergence at the late stage of the algorithm, by increasing the differences between individuals. Using real operational data of BRT Line 1 in a city of Zhejiang province, the new scheduling scheme can be obtained through algorithm simulation. The passengers' total waiting time in a single way will be reduced by 40 h on average under the same operating cost compared with the original schedule scheme in a day.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	BRT scheduling,Hybrid heuristic algorithm,intelligent scheduling
Extending SMER-based CPGs to accommodate total support phases and kinematics-safe transitions between gait rhythms of hexapod robots	2015	Neurocomputing	2015 Elsevier B.V.This work presents a new extension to the artificial CPGs (Central Pattern Generators) based on Scheduling by Multiple Edge Reversal (SMER) proposed by Yang and França. The insertion of a total support phase between each particular swing and support legs phase was produced for all different hexapod gait patterns. Thus, pseudo-synchronous gait pattern transitions are easily allowed and walking stability is potentially improved. Moreover, the insertion of such new phases facilitates to work with two distinct time periods: (i) when legs are in the typical swing-support phases, i.e., carrying the body of the robot to its future position, and (ii) during total support phases. All new extended SMER-based gait patterns are presented by means of a kinematic analysis made through simulations of a hexapod walking robot.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	4	Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	CPGs,SMER,Walking machines
Modeling and methodologies for automated manufacturing systems control	2015	ICIC Express Letters, Part B: Applications	2015 ICIC International.An apparent feature of automated manufacturing systems (AMSs) is that it is large-scale, flexible and complex with a lot of inter-relationships. Furthermore, the objective of AMSs control is multiple since sometimes we think over the complete effects of the system. The modeling methods for this system can be approached from many different points of view. Sometimes one system can be treated as many different models. This is dependant on the decision stages and control objectives of the system types. The purpose of this paper is to survey the issues and recent trends in AMSs control. We begin with a brief discussion of the framework of AMSs control. Next, we provide an overview of modeling issues which include the system type, the decision making problems and the objectives of AMSs control, followed by methodologies for these models. Then, some emerging ideas for modeling and methodologies are mentioned. Finally, conclusions are presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all)	Automated manufacturing systems,Design and operation,System dynamic
Uncertain optimal path for AGV system	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.Discrete event systems are characterized by changes in state over time, based on current state and state transition rules, where each state is separated from its neighbor by a step rather than a continuum of intermediate infinitesimal states. Examples of such systems are information systems, operating systems, networking protocols, banking systems, business processes and telecommunications systems, and flexible manufacturing systems. Traditional manufacturing has relied on dedicated mass-production systems to achieve high production volumes at low costs. As living standards improve and the demands for new consumer goods rise, manufacturing flexibility gains prominence as a strategic tool for rapidly changing markets. Flexibility, however, cannot be properly incorporated in the decision-making process if it is not well defined and measured in a quantitative manner. Today, manufacturing flexibility remains an elusive notion because of its inherent complexity and generality, in spite of a large body of published research work. There exist more than 50 definitions of (Sethi and Sethi, 1990) and six different approaches for obtaining a quantitative flexibility measure (Gupta and Goyal, 1989). Flexibility in its most rudimentary essence is the ability of a manufacturing system to respond to changes and uncertainties associated with the production process (Zelenovic, 1982; Buzacott, 1982; Gerwin, 1982). A comprehensive classification of eight flexibility types was proposed in Browne et al. (1984). Resource and system flexibilities were examined in Slack (1987), whereas global measures for flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) were defined in Gupta and Buzacott (1989). Routing flexibility based on information theoretic concepts was examined in Yao and Pei (1990) and Kumar (1987). Flexibility measures for one machine, a group of machines, and whole industry were presented in Brill and Mandelbaum (1989), involving appropriate weights and machine efficiencies in carrying out sets of tasks.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Capabilities of humans for vehicle guidance	2015	Handbook of Driver Assistance Systems: Basic Information, Components and Systems for Active Safety and Comfort	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016. All rights reserved.Human information processing systems, as well as the individual driver characteristics interacting reciprocally with them, are particularly significant for the task of vehicle guidance. This chapter will describe these connections between driver, vehicle and environment using a simple system model. The driver’s intake, processing and output of information will be delineated. The relevant driver characteristics, capacities and skills for vehicle guidance will be described. Based on this understanding, requirements for vehicle guidance with regards to the driver will be systematized by considering subtasks and evaluated with respect to the limits of human capacity. Vehicle guidance is a predominantly informational activity in which work content and information are converted into reactions. Normally, the driver performs the action of steering while continually processing information. Accordingly, the most significant factors associated with vehicle guidance are the systems of information processing and the individual driver characteristics which interacts reciprocally with them. In order to describe the connections between driver, vehicle and environment, a simple system model will be employed (cf. Abendroth 2001). It consists of two elements: driver and vehicle. The input variable of vehicle guidance, which is also influenced by environmental factors, impacts both of these elements. Above and beyond this, disruptive variables such as distractions caused by passengers may arise. This system’s output variable can be described by the system functions of mobility, safety and comfort.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	3	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
Automatic recognition vision method guided for biology monitoring robot	2015	American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers Annual International Meeting 2015	Copyright  (2015) by the American Society of Agricultural & Biological Engineers All rights reserved.In present, artificial monitoring is a main method to distinguish the health behavior of caged poultry, this method is physical energy consuming, poor consecutiveness of observation, dangerous when human monitor layers' health in a higher position. As a matter of fact, health behavior such as dead or sick can lead to higher infectious rate and poor health of people, hence, it has a main impact on the whole livestock health system. In order to achieve the automatic monitoring of dead or sick poultry, a method of health behavior recognition based on computer vision technology is proposed in this study. The computer vision technology is based on the class libraries MFC and the computer vision libraries OpenCV, and it can provide a effective algorithm to identify the health behavior. This algorithm is based on yellow feature extraction and "AND" operation. To identify the yellow feature, b∗ of the L∗a∗b∗ color space is taken as characteristic quantity, the histogram equalization method is adopted to improve image quality. OTSU method is used as the segmentation criterion, the noise is removed effectively based on morphological operation, and this algorithm is proposed according to the judgment standard that whether the numbers of layers' leg feature in the process of image-processing are consistent with actual situation. The experimental samples were 100 groups layers that were 50 weeks old, three or four layers were placed in the cage, and the layer's feature was collected by vision system that consisted of a CMOS camera, a mobile vehicle, computer and controller. The field of each picture taken by camera should be consistent with the width of one whole cage. The total success rate of recognizable layers' health behaviour is 86%, which demonstrates this algorithm is feasible. This study can be used to guide the design of automatic biology monitoring robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Bioengineering,Agronomy and Crop Science	Biology,Computer vision,Health behavior,Image processing,Recognition
Container terminal operation: Current trends and future challenges	2015	International Series in Operations Research and Management Science	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.This study reviews various planning and control activities in container terminals. Decision-making problems for operation planning and control are defined and new trends in the technological development for each decision-making process are discussed. Relevant research directions and open questions are proposed. The functions of the Terminal Operating System (TOS), which is the software used to implement the decision-making processes, are discussed and commercial TOSs are introduced and compared.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	South Korea	20	Software,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Applied Mathematics	None
Introducing autonomous maintenance by implementing OTH hybrid positions and TPM methods in metallurgical company	2015	International Journal of Engineering and Technology	2015 International Journal of Engineering and Technology (IJET).From perspective of needs and prosperity of operational practice machinery has central role in any factory. In terms of competitiveness, in global world companies must have synergistically developed all areas, processes and systems that are carried out there. Unstructured development of these ingredients promotes competition advancement and development. For this reason, problems of machinery and equipment maintenance appear as important.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	6	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Autonomous maintenance,Implementation,Metallurgy,TPM
Retrieval time performance in puzzle-based storage systems	2015	Journal of Manufacturing Technology Management	2015 Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose - Puzzle-based storage is a novel approach enabling very dense storage. Previous analytical studies have focussed on retrieval time when one or more usable escort locations (empty slots) are located near the system input/output location, and on simulation results for more complex situations. The purpose of this paper is to extend analytical results to determine retrieval time performance when multiple escorts are randomly located within the system. Design/methodology/approach - Closed-form expressions for retrieval time are developed and proven for cases in which the number of free, randomly placed escorts is equal to one or two. Heuristics with associated worst case bounds are proposed for larger numbers of free escorts. Findings - Puzzle-based storage systems are practical and viable ways to achieve storage density, but retrieval time is heavily dependent upon suitable use of escort locations. Analytical and heuristic methods developed within the paper provide worst-case retrieval time performance in a variety of settings. Research limitations/implications - As the number of free, randomly located escorts increases, optimal analytical solutions are difficult to obtain. Heuristics provide viable retrieval strategies in these situations, and worst-case bounds are relatively easily developed. Originality/value - The primarily contribution of this paper is tomake theoretical extensions of optimal methods for puzzle-based storage systems. It motivates additional research in multiple-escort systems and provides insights that should prove useful for the development of 3-dimensional puzzle-based systems and for systems in which concurrent item movement is permitted.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	15-puzzle,Dense storage,Puzzle-based storage,Warehousing
Gyroscope fault diagnosis using fuzzy SVM to unbalanced samples	2015	Transactions of Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics	, 2015, Nanjing University of Aeronautics an Astronautics. All right reserved.A novel fuzzy support vector machine based on unbalanced samples (FSVM-US) is proposed to solve the high false positive rate problem since the gyroscope output is susceptible to unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) airborne electromagnetic environment and the gyroscope abnormal signal sample is rather rare. Firstly, the standard deviation of samples projection to normal vector for SVM classifier hyper plane is analyzed. The imbalance feature expression reflecting the hyper plane shift for the number imbalance between samples and the dispersion imbalance within samples is derived. At the same time, the denoising factor is designed as the exponential decay function based on the Euclidean distance between each sample and the class center. Secondly, the imbalance feature expression and denoising factor are configured into the membership function. Each sample has its own weight denoted the importance to the classifier. Finally, the classification simulation experiments on the gyroscope fault diagnosis system are conducted and FSVM-US is compared with the standard SVM, FSVM, and the four typical class imbalance learning (CIL) methods. The results show that FSVM-US classifier accuracy is 12% higher than that of the standard SVM. Generally, FSVM-US is superior to the four CIL methods in total performance. Moreover, the FSVM-US noise tolerance is also 17% higher than that of the standard SVM.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Aerospace Engineering,Space and Planetary Science	Fault diagnosis,Fuzzy support vector machine (FSVM),Gyroscope,Membership function,Unbalanced samples
Producer’s behavior analysis for AGV system	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.Traditional manufacturing has relied on dedicated mass-production systems to achieve high production volumes at low costs. As living standards improve and the demands for new consumer goods rise, manufacturing flexibility gains prominence as a strategic tool for rapidly changing markets. Flexibility, however, cannot be properly incorporated in the decision-making process if it is not well defined and measured in a quantitative manner. Flexibility in its most rudimentary sense is the ability of a manufacturing system to respond to changes and uncertainties associated with the production process (Miettinen et al., 2010; Kumar and Sridharan, 2009; Das et al., 2009). A comprehensive classification of eight flexibility types was proposed in Browne et al. (1984). Resource and system flexibilities were examined in Slack (1987), whereas global measures for flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) were defined in Gupta and Buzacott (1989). Routing flexibility based on information theoretic concepts was examined by Yao and Pei (1990) and Kumar (1987). Flexibility measures for one machine, a group of machines, and the whole industry were presented in Brill and Mandelbaum (1989), involving appropriate weights and machine efficiencies in carrying out sets of tasks.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
A literature review on MHE selection problem: Levels, contexts, and approaches	2015	International Journal of Production Research	2015 Taylor & Francis.This paper presents a review on selection problem of material handling equipment (MHE) and general equipment used in industry area. The issue on MHE is widely paid attention since MHE has contribution on material, good and product accomplishment. Few methods and softwares have been proposed and developed to select the most appropriate MHE for a complex selection problem. Today's high diverisity of MHE categories and types influence the generation of many possible choices which leads to the complexity. In this paper, a further discussion in terms of MHE and equipment including three major points namely level of selection, the context of selection problem and the approaches are served to highlight the complex MHE selection according to the number of possible choices provided, to analyse the consideration for the problem context, and to reveal the superior method for complex MHE selection. Forty-two papers collected from the past study are presented asscociating each point of the discussion.	Journal	j	re	Review	Indonesia	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	economic feasibility,knowledge-base,MCDM,MHE selection,optimisation,technical feasibility
Task-allocation and control of a ground robots collective for warehouse automation	2015	ASME 2015 Dynamic Systems and Control Conference, DSCC 2015	2015 by ASME.In the last years, there have been several attempts to deploy Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) to automate the operation of warehouse environments. The implementation of AGVs has numerous advantages over conventional warehouse automation systems in terms of cost and scalability. In this work, we present the development of a test-bed platform for the utilization of an AGV collective to a warehouse automation system. The system architecture has plug-and-play algorithmic design which makes it extremely modular. In this system, small-scale robotic forklifts are used to transport an arbitrary number of circular pallets to predefined locations. The forklift robots are able to move in the arena without colliding each other due to the implementation of a centralized deconfliction algorithm. A task allocation algorithm prevents the forklift drives from being trapped by a fence of pallets. The performance of the proposed system is validated by both simulation and experimental results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Robots avoid potential failures through experience-based probabilistic planning	2015	ICINCO 2015 - 12th International Conference on Informatics in Control, Automation and Robotics, Proceedings	Robots should avoid potential failure situations to safely execute their actions and to improve their performances. For this purpose, they need to build and use their experience online. We propose online learningguided planning methods to address this problem. Our method includes an experiential learning process using Inductive Logic Programming (ILP) and a probabilistic planning framework that uses the experience gained by learning for improving task execution performance. We analyze our solution on a case study with an autonomous mobile robot in a multi-object manipulation domain where the objective is maximizing the number of collected objects while avoiding potential failures using experience. Our results indicate that the robot using our adaptive planning strategy ensures safety in task execution and reduces the number of potential failures.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	4	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	Autonomous robots,Learning-guided planning,Mobile manipulation,Probabilistic planning
Non-time reference point tracking control for car-like mobile robots	2015	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	, 2015, China Mechanical Engineering Magazine Office. All right reserved.According to velocity and acceleration saturation restriction in mobile robot control system, a non-time reference point tracking control method was proposed. A variable that monotononicly increasing over time was selected as the control logic variable, so velocity and acceleration saturation phenomenon in time domain was avoided. Control logic model was built using Simulink, then single point tracking simulation and tracking simulation of multiple continuous target points were done. Single point tracking simulation results show that, robot reaches the target state eventually with any initial state under the control method. Tracking simulation results of multiple continuous target points show that the point tracking control method can be used in path tracking for car-like robot.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Mechanical Engineering	Car-like mobile robot,Non-holonomic constraint,Non-time reference,Nonlinear feedback,Point tracking
WWN-8: Incremental online stereo with shape-from-X using life-long big data from multiple modalities	2015	Procedia Computer Science	The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.When a child lives in the real world, from infancy to adulthood, his retinae receive a flood of stereo sensory stream. His muscles produce another action stream. How does the child's brain deal with such big data from multiple sensory modalities (left- and right-eye modalities) and multiple effector modalities (location, disparity map, and shape type)? This capability incrementally learns to produce simple-to-complex sensorimotor behaviors - autonomous development. We present a model that incrementally fuses such an open-ended life-long stream and updates the "brain" online so the perceived world is 3D. Traditional methods for shape-from-X use a particular type of cue X (e.g., stereo disparity, shading, etc.) to compute depths or local shapes based on a handcrafted physical model. Such a model likely results in a brittle system because of the fluctuation of the availability of the cue. An embodiment of the Developmental Network (DN), called Stereo Where-What Network (WWN-8), learns to perform simultaneous attention and recognition, while developing invariances in location, disparity shape, and surface type, so that multiple cues can automatically fill in if a particular type of cue (e.g., texture) is missing locally from the real world. We report some experiments: 1) dynamic synapse retraction and growth as a method of developing receptive fields. 2) training for recognizing 3D objects directly in cluttered natural backgrounds. 3) integration of depth perception with location and type information. The experiments used stereo images and motor actions on the order of 105 frames. Potential applications include driver assistance for road safety, mobile robots, autonomous navigation, and autonomous vision-guided manipulators.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Computer Science (all)	Autonomous navigation,Machine learning,Multi-sensory integration,Neural networks,Object recognition,Road safety,Robotics,Stereo vision
Accurate ultrasonic range measurement using MLS-modulated continuous waves	2015	Measurement: Journal of the International Measurement Confederation	2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Ultrasonic range measurement has the potential to obtain higher accuracy results while using continuous-wave signals due to its favorable capability of noise resistance. But in short distance ranging applications especially in the space-limited fields, there usually exists strong multiple echoes which will decline the distance measurement accuracy seriously. This paper presents a method to solve this problem through utilizing MLS-modulated continuous-wave signals. Meanwhile, this paper applies a combination of the cross-correlation method and phase shift technique for the high-resolution ultrasonic distance measurement. The synergy above would lead to very popular results. For example, the uncertainty in the measured distance is less than 40 μm for distances up to 200 mm in distilled water.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Maximum length sequence,Time of flight (TOF),Ultrasonic range measurement
Speeding up planning in multiagent settings using CPU-GPU architectures	2015	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.Planning under uncertainty in multiagent settings is highly intractable because of history and plan space complexities. Probabilistic graphical models exploit the structure of the problem domain to mitigate the computational burden. In this article, we introduce the first parallelization of planning in multiagent settings on a CPU-GPU heterogeneous system. In particular, we focus on the algorithm for exactly solving interactive dynamic influence diagrams, which is a recognized graphical models for multiagent planning. Beyond parallelizing the standard Bayesian inference and the computation of decisions’ expected utilities, we also solve the other agents behavioral models in a parallel manner. The GPU-based approach provides significant speedup on two benchmark problems.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	GPU,Multiagent systems,Planning,Speed up
Energy-efficient delay time-based process allocation algorithm for heterogeneous server clusters	2015	Proceedings - International Conference on Advanced Information Networking and Applications, AINA	2015 IEEE.Various types of scalable and high performance computing systems are developed to realize distributed applications. In order to realize not only scalable but also high performance information systems, serverclusterc systems are widely used. In server cluster systems, the larger electric energy is consumed since application processes are performed on the larger number of servers. The improved delay time-based (IDTB)algorithm is discussed to select a server for each request process in a homogeneous server cluster so that the total energy consumption of the homogeneous server cluster to perform application processes can be reduced. In a homogeneous cluster, every server follows the same computation model and power consumption model. In heterogeneous cluster, servers follow different types of computation models and power consumption models. In this paper, we propose an extended IDTB (EIDTB) algorithm to reduce the total energy consumption and response time of each process in heterogeneous server cluster. We evaluate the EIDTB algorithm compared with the IDTB algorithm in a heterogeneous server cluster. In the evaluation, we show the average total energy consumption of a heterogeneous server cluster in the EIDTB algorithm can be reduced maximum 57% of the IDTB algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	14	Engineering (all)	Energy consumption models,Energy-aware systems,Extended IDTB (EIDTB) algorithm,Green IT,Server cluster systems
Fast solving of influence diagrams for multiagent planning on GPU-enabled architectures	2015	ICAART 2015 - 7th International Conference on Agents and Artificial Intelligence, Proceedings	Planning under uncertainty in multiagent settings is highly intractable because of history and plan space complexities. Probabilistic graphical models exploit the structure of the problem domain to mitigate the computational burden. In this paper, we introduce the first parallelization of planning in multiagent settings on a CPU-GPU heterogeneous system. In particular, we focus on the algorithm for exactly solving interactive dynamic influence diagrams, which is a recognized graphical models for multiagent planning. Beyond parallelizing the standard Bayesian inference, the computation of decisions' expected utilities are parallelized. The GPU-based approach provides significant speedup on two benchmark problems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Artificial Intelligence,Software	GPU,Multiagent systems,Planning,Speed up
Multimodal processes scheduling in mesh-like network environment	2015	Archives of Control Sciences	2015 Archives of Control Sciences.Multimodal processes planning and scheduling play a pivotal role in many different domains including city networks, multimodal transportation systems, computer and telecommunication networks and so on. Multimodal process can be seen as a process partially processed by locally executed cyclic processes. In that context the concept of a Mesh-like Multimodal Transportation Network (MMTN) in which several isomorphic subnetworks interact each other via distinguished subsets of common shared intermodal transport interchange facilities (such as a railway station, bus station or bus/tram stop) as to provide a variety of demand-responsive passenger transportation services is examined. Consider a mesh-like layout of a passengers transport network equipped with different lines including buses, trams, metro, trains etc. where passenger flows are treated as multimodal processes. The goal is to provide a declarative model enabling to state a constraint satisfaction problem aimed at multimodal transportation processes scheduling encompassing passenger flow itineraries. Then, the main objective is to provide conditions guaranteeing solvability of particular transport lines scheduling, i.e. guaranteeing the right match-up of local cyclic acting bus, tram, metro and train schedules to a given passengers flow itineraries.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	cyclic scheduling,mesh-like structure,multimodal processes,passengers flow scheduling
Self-adaptive sliding mode control based on input fuzzy for agricultural tracked robot	2015	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	, 2015, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.Aiming at the characteristics of parameter perturbations and the effect of disturbance outside in agricultural tracked robot control system, a self-adaptive fuzzy sliding mode control was proposed based on fuzzy logic theory to improve the control precision and stability, which combined sliding mode control with fuzzy theory. Firstly, the motion equation of agricultural tracked robot was derived and analyzed. Secondly, an integral sliding mode surface was proposed, and an adaptive fuzzy sliding mode control was designed based on equivalent efficiency control and switching control, which held the celerity and robustness of sliding mode control and also weakened the buffeting very well. The simulation and test results showed that compared with conventional sliding mode control method, the proposed control possessed the advantages of good adaptability and robustness to outside disturbances and parameter uncertainty, and also had fast dynamic response and well tracking performance, which was feasible for agricultural tracked robot controlling system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agricultural tracked robot,Fuzzy sliding mode control,Sliding mode
A swarm intelligence approach to 3D distance-based indoor UWB localization	2015	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.In this paper, we focus on the application of Ultra Wide Band (UWB) technology to the problem of locating static nodes in threedimensional indoor environments, assuming to know the positions of a few nodes, denoted as “beacons.” The localization algorithms which are considered throughout the paper are based on the Time Of Arrival (TOA) of signals traveling between pairs of nodes. In particular, we propose to apply the Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm to solve the localization problem and we compare its performance with that of the Two-Stage Maximum-Likelihood (TSML) algorithm. Simulation results show that the former allows achieving accurate position estimates even in scenarios where, because of ill-conditioning problems associated with the network topology, TSML fails.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	9	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Localization,Maximum-likelihood,Particle swarm optimization,Time of arrival (TOA),Wireless sensor networks
Cycle time analysis of dual-arm cluster tools for wafer fabrication processes with multiple wafer revisiting times	2015	Computers and Operations Research	2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.For some wafer fabrication processes, the wafers need to visit some processing modules for a number of times, which is referred to as the revisiting process. With wafer revisiting, it is very complicated to analyze the cycle time of a dual-arm cluster tool. Due to the fact that atomic layer deposition (ALD) process is a typical revisiting process in the semiconductor industry, study is conducted on cycle time analysis of dual-arm cluster tools for the ALD process with multiple revisiting times. The system is modeled by a type of Petri net. With this model, it is revealed that the system may never reach a steady state. Based on this finding, a method is presented to analyze the cycle time and analytical expressions are derived to calculate the cycle time for different cases. Several illustrative examples are given to show the applications of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	23	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Cluster tools,Petri net,Scheduling,Semiconductor manufacturing
Shared control of a guided parafoil and payload system	2015	Aerodynamic Decelerator Systems Technology Conferences	2015, AIAA American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. All rights reserved.The direct inclusion of human pilots into airdrop operations has a strong potential to increase the landing accuracy of conventionally autonomous guided airdrop systems. Human pilots have significant mental flexibility and an innate ability to prioritize requirements to aid safe and accurate landings. Autonomous algorithms on the other hand, are generally rigid in nature and cannot handle situations not directly programmed into the software. This paper outlines the work done to develop an integrated human-machine interface that combines the flexibility of human control decisions with the powerful ability of autonomous systems to measure data on the aircraft and generate key estimates. Two interfaces are presented melding a first person view camera mounted to the payload of the airdrop system and a bird's eye GPS based map of the drop zone with relevant system estimates overlaid. Flight testing of these digital feedback methods to the pilot are studied to identify the ability of human operators to successfully and accurately control an airdrop system to the ground. Results indicated that a trained human operator has the ability to improve landing accuracy over a conventionally autonomous system by 36%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
PRORETA 3: Comprehensive driver assistance by safety corridor and cooperative automation	2015	Handbook of Driver Assistance Systems: Basic Information, Components and Systems for Active Safety and Comfort	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016. All rights reserved.Instead of a multitude of single assistance functions, the PRORETA 3 concept presents just two functional assistance modes: Firstly, the so-called Safety Corridor in the case, that the vehicle guidance is carried out by the human driver and secondly, Cooperative Automation, offering partial automation of driving in cooperation with the driver. In the Safety Corridor mode, the system has to permanently monitor driving situations and assess concerned potential hazards. As a result, the driver will be informed in the first instance, then in the next stage, a warning is given, and in the last instance, an autonomous collision avoidance trajectory is generated. Cooperative Automation is a concept of shared vehicle guidance. The execution of driving is automated; the driver interacts and supervises the execution, close to the concept of Conduct-by-Wire. The functional architecture of PRORETA 3 integrates concepts for human guidance as well as for (full) automation. A multimodal Human–Machine Interface provides information, warnings, and action recommendations, if necessary, in order to make the PRORETA 3 Safety Corridor clear and understandable. A maneuver interface makes it possible to delegate maneuvers in the Cooperative Automation Mode to the PRORETA system. The traffic environment is represented by a Parametric Free Space (PFS) map. The Trajectory Planning uses a predictive control model applied on a risk potential field. The research vehicle was demonstrated and tested on a test track in Griesheim, Germany. The system acceptance and driving experience were evaluated by questionnaires. The overall assessment of the Safety Corridor, the Cooperative Automation, and the entire system reflects a high acceptance of the PRORETA3 assistance concept.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	2	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
A new method to design fuzzy controller for unmanned autonomous forklift	2015	2015 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, IEEE-ROBIO 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper proposes a new method called Lyapunov-Conjugate Gradient Method (LCGM) to design fuzzy controller for unmanned autonomous forklift. The kinematic of a spin-turn mechanism is analyzed first, and then the design parameters are obtained. Based on the kinematic and the fuzzy Lyapunov synthesis proposed by Margaliot, we introduce the error weights coefficients to Lyapunov Function (LF) and derive the stable conditions. The fuzzy rule-bases are given. Next we design and optimize parameters of the Gaussian membership function by the Conjugate Gradient method. The smoother control surfaces are analyzed. Experiment results show that the type-1 controller designed by LCGM has a better performance in stability, smooth and robustness than commonly used conventional fuzzy-PID controller. Its steady lateral error and orientation error can be less than 10mm and 1 degree, respectively. A lot of unmanned forklifts that their controllers are designed by LCGM have been used in automatic plants.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Systems Engineering	fuzzy controller,kinematic,Lyapunov Conjugate Gradient,membership function,unmanned forklift
Constrained Kalman filtering for indoor localization of transport vehicles using floor-installed HF RFID transponders	2015	2015 IEEE International Conference on RFID, RFID 2015	2015 IEEE.Localization of transport vehicles is an important issue for many intralogistics applications. The paper presents an inexpensive solution for indoor localization of vehicles. Global localization is realized by detection of RFID transponders, which are integrated in the floor. The paper presents a novel algorithm for fusing RFID readings with odometry using Constraint Kalman filtering. The paper presents experimental results with a Mecanum based omnidirectional vehicle on a NaviFloor® installation, which includes passive HF RFID transponders. The experiments show that the proposed Constraint Kalman filter provides a similar localization accuracy compared to a Particle filter but with much lower computational expense.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Heading control system of autonomous following vehicle	2015	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	, 2014, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.A kind of control system modeling and designing method for autonomous following vehicle was provided according to the relative heading angle detected by infrared sensors. The device and working principle of relative heading angle detecting device were introduced in detail. The control system modeling of the steering system driven by a stepper motor, dynamic relationship between front-wheel steering angle and relative heading angle, and the corresponding control algorithm design of the whole control system were mainly discussed. The Matlab simulation results of relative heading angle control system were highly consistent with the practical running results of the control system. The autonomous following vehicle system which was modified from electric-driven vehicles was tested in an orchard. During the test, the biggest lateral deviation of the tracks between the guiding vehicle and the following vehicle was 9.2 cm, the average deviation was 3.3 cm and the variance was 5.5 cm2. The experimental results showed that the designed autonomous following vehicle system can run stably and reliably, reflected its application prospects in complex agricultural environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Control system,Heading angle,Infrared sensor,Vehicle autonomous following
Nonlinear stochastic model for AGV system	2015	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.Advanced automated manufacturing systems are widely used in industrial companies where productivity objectives have to be met. These systems often being costly, they must be designed to be as efficient as possible. Here, we focus on automated manufacturing systems in a job shop layout considering automated guided vehicle as a material handling resource. The key issue in manufacturing operations is how to produce high quality products at low costs in such a way that the diversified demand are met. Hence, modern manufacturing companies should become as responsive as possible in order to satisfy customer demands.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Iran	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Phantom study and accuracy evaluation of an image-to-world registration approach used with electro-magnetic tracking system for neurosurgery	2015	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2015 COPYRIGHT SPIE.Minimally invasive neurosurgery needs intraoperative imaging updates and high efficient image guide system to facilitate the procedure. An automatic image guided system utilized with a compact and mobile intraoperative CT imager was introduced in this work. A tracking frame that can be easily attached onto the commercially available skull clamp was designed. With known geometry of fiducial and tracking sensor arranged on this rigid frame that was fabricated through high precision 3D printing, not only was an accurate, fully automatic registration method developed in a simple and less-costly approach, but also it helped in estimating the errors from fiducial localization in image space through image processing, and in patient space through the calibration of tracking frame. Our phantom study shows the fiducial registration error as 0.348±0.028mm, comparing the manual registration error as 1.976±0.778mm. The system in this study provided a robust and accurate image-to-patient registration without interruption of routine surgical workflow and any user interactions involved through the neurosurgery.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automatic registration,fiducial registration error,image-to-patient registration,imageguided,intraoperative cone-beam CT
Model predictive control of a waterborne AGV at the operational level	2015	Maritime-Port Technology and Development - Proceedings of the International Conference on Maritime and Port Technology and Development, MTEC 2014	2015 Taylor & Francis GroupIncreasing container transport volume has been seen not only inside container terminals,but also among terminals in the port area, known as Inter Terminal Transport (ITT). While conventionalAutomated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) have been put into practice to enhance efficiency inside AutomatedContainer Terminals, this paper proposes the novel concept of water borne Automated Guided Vessels(w-AGVs) for the application of ITT. Given route and timing information, a controller guaranteeing both smooth path convergence and Required Time of Arrival (RTA) at the operational level is proposed.Path convergence is achieved by introducing a path parameter, adding one extra degree of freedom to the original optimization problem. RTA is approximately guaranteed considering both the distance-to-go and time-to-go in terms of the current position. Model Predictive Control (MPC) is proposed for solving the control problem formulated for its advantages of being optimization-oriented and able to explicitly handle various constraints. The possible online computational burden of MPC is eased by a successive linearization around a seed trajectory from the previous step. Furthermore, an iterative framework is implemented to account for the linearization errors. Simulation tests are run based on a small-scale vessel model to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme in terms of solving the control problem of a w-AGV system at the operational level.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Water Science and Technology,Ocean Engineering	None
A review of evaluation methods and techniques for simulation packages	2015	Procedia Computer Science	2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.Given the varied benefits of using the simulation packages such as; cost efficiency, time, risk mitigation, greater insights and user friendliness of systems. It has been extensively used in many application domains such as defense, airports, manufacturing, engineering, and healthcare. Currently, due to the increasing numbers of simulation software packages available in the market, it is often challenging to choose a suitable package that meets users' demands. Researchers have leveraged many assessment methods and techniques to facilitate the evaluation and selection process of the simulation packages. This paper provides a survey corroborated from researcher's contributions to simplify the selection process of simulation packages. Also, discerns the evaluation methods and techniques for simulation packages found in the literature.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Saudi Arabia	10	Computer Science (all)	Evaluation framework,Evaluation method,Multicriteria decision making technique,Simulation packages
Piraa: Development of an injection molding machine manufacturing monitoring system based on production information retrieval agent architecture	2015	Transactions of the Canadian Society for Mechanical Engineering	Production information retrieval is an important issue for manufacturing industries. Effective data transmission and retrieval mechanism with data protection is an urgent research topic. Therefore, a socket information retrieval mechanism and agent services for information retrieval on the basis of injection molding machines is proposed in this research and is addressed as Production Information Retrieval Agent Architecture (PIRAA). The proposed agent adapted a customized packet format for client-server connection communication and sent process parameters back to a production process database. Using the experimental results, a cloud-based platform was implemented based on injection molding machines. The results show the PIRAA framework can be used for developing cloud-based platforms in a stabilized and remarkable way.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Mechanical Engineering	Cloud computing,Cloud-based injection molding machine manufacturing monitoring system,PIRAA
Multi-objective flexible job-shop scheduling problem based on NSGA-Ⅱ with close relative variation	2015	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	, 2015, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.At present, the non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm-II (NSGA-II) is used widely in researches of flexible job-shop multi-objective rescheduling problem. Because of the excessive elite reservation, the algorithm is easily precocious, thus the performance of multi-objective optimization algorithm could be improved. By analyzing the research status and insufficiency of multi-objective flexible job-shop scheduling problem (FJSP), a multi-objective FJSP optimization model was put forward, in which the makespan, processing cost and processing quality were considered. According to the above model, a modified non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II) with close relative variation was designed. In this algorithm, the chromosome mutation rate was determined after calculating the blood relationship between the two cross chromosomes. Crossover and mutation strategies of NSGA-II were optimized, and the prematurity of population was overcome. Finally, the performance of the proposed model and algorithm was evaluated through a case study, and the results demonstrated the efficiency and feasibility of the proposed model and algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Close relative variation,Flexible job-shop,Multi-objective scheduling,NSGA-II
Adaptive Cockroach Colony Optimization for Rod-Like Robot Navigation	2015	Journal of Bionic Engineering	2015 Jilin University.Based on the Cockroach Swarm Optimization (CSO) algorithm, a new Cockroach Colony Optimization (CCO) algorithm is presented and applied to the Robot Path Planning (RPP) problem in this paper. In the CCO algorithm, an improved grid map is used for environment modeling, and 16-geometry and 8-geometry are introduced, respectively, in food division and cockroach search operation. Moreover, the CCO algorithm adopts a non-probabilistic search strategy, which avoids a lot of invalid searches. Furthermore, by introducing a novel rotation scheme in the above CCO algorithm, an Adaptive Cockroach Colony Optimization (ACCO) algorithm is presented for the 2-D Rod-Like Robot Path Planning (RLRPP) problem. The simulation results show that the CCO algorithm can plan an optimal or approximately optimal collision-free path with linear time complexities. With the ACCO algorithm, the robot can accomplish intelligent and adaptive rotations to avoid obstacles and pass through narrow passages along the better path.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Biotechnology,Biophysics,Bioengineering	Adaptive CCO,CCO,Piano mover's problem,Robot path planning,Rod-like robot path planning
Petri net decomposition approach to deadlock-free and non-cyclic scheduling of dual-armed cluster tools	2015	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.Semiconductor cluster tools are the integrated equipment to process a variety of silicon wafers for the fabrication of microelectronic components. The cluster tool system consists of several loadlock modules, processing chambers, and material handling armed robots for transferring wafers between them. Most scheduling problems for dual-armed cluster tools adopt cyclic scheduling with the assumption of swap sequence of the robot arm. A deadlock-free and non-cyclic scheduling is highly required to improve total throughput of cluster tools for various types of wafer flow patterns and various changes of equipment configurations. In this paper, we propose a Petri net decomposition approach to derive a near-optimal solution of deadlock-free and non-cyclic scheduling of dual-armed cluster tools to reduce the computational complexity. A timed Petri net model is introduced to represent a non-cyclic scheduling model for dual-armed cluster tools. In order to obtain a deadlock-free and non-cyclic schedule efficiently, we propose a deadlock avoidance control policy that restricts the markings to prevent unmarked siphons. Deadlock condition for the dual-armed cluster tools is characterized by the structure of Petri net model. The performance of the non-cyclic scheduling model by the proposed method is compared with that of the cyclic scheduling model. Computational results show the effectiveness of the non-cyclic scheduling model compared with the cyclic scheduling model for multiple wafer flow patterns.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tool scheduling,deadlock avoidance,max-controlled siphon property,Petri net,Petri net decomposition method,siphon
Effect of kinematic parameters on MPC based on-line motion planning for an articulated vehicle	2015	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.The aim of this article is to analyze the effect of kinematic parameters on a novel proposed on-line motion planning algorithm for an articulated vehicle based on Model Predictive Control. The kinematic parameters that are going to be investigated are the vehicle's velocity, the maximum allowable change in the articulated steering angle, the safety distance from the obstacles and the total number of obstacles in the operating arena. The proposed modified path planning algorithm for the articulated vehicle belongs to the family of Bug-Like algorithms and is able to take under consideration, the mechanical and physical constraints of the articulated vehicle, as well as its full kinematic model. During the on-line motion planning algorithm, the MPC controller controls the lateral motion of the vehicle, through the rate of the articulation angle, while driving it accurately and safely over the on-line formulated desired path. The efficiency of the proposed combined path planning and control scheme is being evaluated under numerous simulated test cases, while exhaustive simulations have been made for analyzing the dependency of the proposed framework on the kinematic parameters.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	24	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Articulated vehicle,Collision avoidance,Model predictive control,Path planning
Heavy-duty omni-directional Mecanum-wheeled robot for autonomous navigation: System development and simulation realization	2015	Proceedings - 2015 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics, ICM 2015	2015 IEEE.A Mecanum-wheeled robot benefits from great omni-direction maneuverability. However it suffers from random slippage and high-speed vibration, which creates electric power safety, uncertain position errors and energy waste problems for heavy-duty tasks. A lack of Mecanum research on heavy-duty autonomous navigation demands a robot platform to conduct experiments in the future. This paper introduces AuckBot, a heavy-duty omni-directional Mecanum robot platform developed at the University of Auckland, including its hardware overview, the control system architecture and the simulation design. In particular the control system, synergistically combining the Beckhoff system as the Controller-PC to serve low-level motion execution and ROS as the Navigation-PC to accomplish highlevel intelligent navigation tasks, is developed. In addition, a computer virtual simulation based on ISG-virtuos for virtual AuckBot has been validated. The present status and future work of AuckBot are described at the end.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	16	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AuckBot,control system architecture,heavy-duty,Mecanum,omni-direction,simulation
Solving the Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problem with Makespan Optimization by Using a Hybrid Taguchi-Genetic Algorithm	2015	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Enterprises exist in a competitive manufacturing environment. To reduce production costs and effectively use production capacity to improve competitiveness, a hybrid production system is necessary. The flexible job shop (FJS) is a hybrid production system, and the FJS problem (FJSP) has drawn considerable attention in the past few decades. This paper examined the FJSP and, like previous studies, aimed to minimize the total order completion time (makespan). We developed a novel method that involves encoding feasible solutions in the genes of the initial chromosomes of a genetic algorithm (GA) and embedding the Taguchi method behind mating to increase the effectiveness of the GA. Two numerical experiments were conducted for evaluating the performance of the proposed algorithm relative to that of the Brandimarte MK1-MK10 benchmarks. The first experiment involved comparing the proposed algorithm and the traditional GA. The second experiment entailed comparing the proposed algorithm with those presented in previous studies. The results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is superior to those reported in previous studies (except for that of Zhang et al.: the results in experiment MK7 were superior to those of Zhang, the results in experiments MK6 and MK10 were slightly inferior to those of Zhang, and the results were equivalent in other experiments) and effectively overcomes the encoding problem that occurs when a GA is used to solve the FJSP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	39	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Flexible job shop,genetic algorithm,optimization,Taguchi method
Scheduling methodologies for a flexible manufacturing cell with non-identical parallel machines and a robot	2015	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper presents exact and heuristic methodologies for scheduling a flexible manufacturing cell (FMC) that consists of a number of non-identical parallel machines, a robot for loading and unloading, and a pallet handling system, which moves a batch of mixed parts into and out of the system. In the exact methodology, a nonlinear programming model is introduced to mathematically describe the problem and to determine optimal solutions for small size FMC problems. In the heuristic methodology, a customised tabu search (TS) utilising a greedy insertion algorithm (GI) is developed to identify efficient solutions with reasonable amount of computational time for large size FMC problems. The objective of this study is to minimise the total completion time, which includes robot loading, unloading and machining times of a batch of jobs delivered into an FMC system by a pallet. Randomly generated test problems are used to evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithms. The computational experiments show that the hybrid of the tabu search and greedy insertion algorithm (TSGI) can produce efficient solutions with reasonable amount of computational time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Kuwait	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing cells,FMC,Greedy algorithm,Scheduling,Tabu search
Nonlinear feedback control and trajectory tracking of vehicle	2015	International Journal of Systems Science	2014 Taylor & Francis.This paper mainly studies nonlinear feedback control applied to the nonlinear vehicle dynamics with varying velocity. The main objective of this study is the stabilisation of longitudinal, lateral and yaw angular vehicle velocities. To this end, a nonlinear vehicle model is developed which takes both the lateral and longitudinal vehicle dynamics into account. Based on this model, a method to build a nonlinear state feedback control is first designed by which the complexity of system structure can be simplified. The obtained system is then synthesised by the combined Lyapunov-LaSalle method. The simulation results show that the proposed control can improve stability and comfort of vehicle driving. Moreover, this paper presents a lemma which ensures the trajectory tracking and path-following problem for vehicle. It can also be exploited simultaneously to solve both the tracking and path-following control problems of the vehicle ride and driving stability. We also show how the results of the lemma can be applied to solve the path-following problem, in which the vehicle converges and follows a designed path. The effectiveness of the proposed lemma for trajectory tracking is clearly demonstrated by simulation results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications	Modeling,Nonlinear control,Nonlinear feedback,Nonlinearities,Simulation,Stabilisation,Trajectory tracking
Optimization of hole-making operations for injection mould using particle swarm optimization algorithm	2015	International Journal of Industrial Engineering Computations	2015 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved.Optimization of hole-making operations plays a crucial role in which tool travel and tool switch scheduling are the two major issues. Industrial applications such as moulds, dies, engine block etc. consist of large number of holes having different diameters, depths and surface finish. This results into to a large number of machining operations like drilling, reaming or tapping to achieve the final size of individual hole. Optimal sequence of operations and associated cutting speeds, which reduce the overall processing cost of these hole-making operations are essential to reach desirable products. In order to achieve this, an attempt is made by developing an effective methodology. An example of the injection mould is considered to demonstrate the proposed approach. The optimization of this example is carried out using recently developed particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. The results obtained using PSO are compared with those obtained using tabu search method. It is observed that results obtained using PSO are slightly better than those obtained using tabu search method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Hole-making operations,Injection mould,Particle swarm optimization
Mathematical models for FMS loading and part type selection with flexible process plans	2015	European Journal of Industrial Engineering	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The loading problem in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) consider several different manufacturing settings and objective functions but some crucial aspects of FMS environments, such as flexible process plans (FPP), have not yet received adequate attention. FPPs are vital in coping with bottlenecks and breakdowns, and decreasing the flow time. Modelling FPPs within a loading model, however, increases the problem complexity. In this study, we work on the integrated version of FMS part type selection and loading problems, and propose two models that consider operation allocation at different levels of detail for an FMS with FPP. Operation allocation is modelled explicitly along with tool loading in our first model, while the second one considers it implicitly to obtain a more compact and efficient formulation. Both models show remarkable reduction in run time compared to an existing loading model proposed for a similar FMS environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems,Flexible process plans,FMS,FPP,Mathematical modelling,Operation allocation,Part type selection,Tool loading problem
Information Technology Education in a Digital Factory Learning Environment	2015	Intelligent Automation and Soft Computing	2015, TSI® Press.This paper presents the vision, construction, and implementation of an Integrated Manufacturing Technology (IMT) laboratory for higher education. The laboratory introduces integration of Information Technology (IT) in manufacturing processes and provides hands-on learning experience in an authentic, holistic, and automated production environment, not commonly found in academic teaching. The manufacturing process includes fully-automated, semi-automated, and manual stations and is supported by a heterogeneous IT infrastructure, including manufacturing databases, shop-floor control, data warehousing, business intelligence, and enterprise systems. The IMT laboratory is used to facilitate learning in a databases course and a business intelligence course, resulting in positive feedback from the students.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	1	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Digital factory,Engineering laboratory, Robotics,Higher education,Information technology,Manufacturing
Design of a fault detection and isolation system for intelligent vehicle navigation system	2015	International Journal of Navigation and Observation	2015 Wei Huang and Xiaoxin Su.This paper deals with the design of a fault detection and isolation (FDI) system for an intelligent vehicle, a vehicle equipped with advanced driver assistance system (ADAS). The ADASs are outfitted with sensors for acquiring various information about the vehicle and its surroundings. Since these sensors are sensitive to faults, an efficient FDI system should be developed. The designed FDI system is comprised of three parts: a detection part, a decision part, and a fault management part. The detection part applies a generalized observer scheme (GOS). In the GOS, there is bank of extended Kalman filters (EKFs), each excited by all except one sensor measurement. The residual generated from the measurement update of each EKF is therefore sensitive to all sensor faults but one. This way, the fault sensitivity pattern of the residual makes it possible to detect a fault and locate the faulty sensor. The designed FDI system has been implemented and tested off-line with actual experiment data. Good results have been obtained with diagnosing individual sensor faults and outputting fault-free vehicle states.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	16	Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
Feature matching method study for uncorrected fish-eye lens image	2015	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2015 SPIE-IS&T.Because of the further from the center of image the lower resolution and the severe non-linear distortion are the characteristics of uncorrected fish-eye lens image, the traditional feature matching method can't achieve good performance in the applications of fish-eye lens, which correct distortion firstly and then matches the features in image. Center-symmetric Local Binary Pattern (CS-LBP) is a kind of descriptor based on grayscale information from neighborhood, which has high ability of grayscale invariance and rotation invariance. In this paper, CS-LBP will be combined with Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT) to solve the problem of feature point matching on uncorrected fish-eye image. We first extract the interest points in the pair of fish-eye images by SIFT, and then describe the corresponding regions of the interest points through CS-LBP. Finally the similarity of the regions will be evaluated using the chi-square distance to get the only pair of points. For the specified interest point, the corresponding point in another image can be found out. The experimental results show that the proposed method achieves a satisfying matching performance in uncorrected fish-eye lens image. The study of this article will be useful to enhance the applications of fish-eye lens in the field of 3D reconstruction and panorama restoration.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	CS-LBP,Feature matching,Fish-eye lens image,SIFT
Iterative online planning in multiagent settings with limited model spaces and pac guarantees	2015	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS	Copyright  2015, International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (www.ifaamas.org). All rights reserved.Methods for planning in multiagent settings often model other agents' possible behaviors. However, the space of these models - whether these are policy trees, finite-state controllers or intentional models - is very large and thus arbitrarily bounded. This may exclude the true model or the optimal model. In this paper, we present a novel iterative algorithm for online planning that considers a limited model space, updates it dynamically using data from interactions, and provides a provable and probabilistic bound on the approximation error. We ground this approach in the context of graphical models for planning in partially observable multiagent settings - interactive dynamic influence diagrams. We empirically demonstrate that the limited model space facilitates fast solutions and that the true model often enters the limited model space.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	9	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Influence diagram,Mental models,Multiple agents,Online planning
A bi-directional flow-rack automated storage and retrieval system for unit-load warehouses	2015	International Journal of Production Research	2014  2014 Taylor & Francis.Flow-rack is a multi-deep rack containing multi-row and multi-column slope bins. Traditionally, bins slope in the same direction in a flow-rack to make unit-loads slide from the storage face to the retrieval face driven by gravity, which cause unit-loads are stored to the storage face and retrieved from the retrieval face. In this paper, a bi-directional flow-rack (BFR) is designed, in which bins in adjacent columns slope to opposite directions. In each side of a BFR, unit-loads are stored in half of the bins and retrieved from the other half. Therefore, dual-command (DC) operations could be simultaneously performed on both faces and blocking unit-loads are re-stored to available bins on the same face directly. We develop a travel time model for BFR systems, which provides the throughput baseline for different configurations of BFR. A DC operation generation method is introduced for BFR systems. Simulation experiments are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the BFR travel time model, to compare the throughput performance between BFR and SFR systems and to evaluate the performance of the proposed DC operation generation method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated storage and retrieval system,design,flow-rack,unit-load warehouse
A mathematical model for the design of distributed layout by considering production planning and system reconfiguration over multiple time periods	2015	Journal of Industrial Engineering International	The Author(s) 2015.In this paper, we develop a new mathematical model that integrates layout configuration and production planning in the design of dynamic distributed layouts. The model incorporates a number of important manufacturing attributes such as demand fluctuation, system reconfiguration, lot splitting, work load balancing, alternative routings, machine capability and tooling requirements. In addition, the model allows several cost elements to be optimized in an integrated manner. These costs are associated with material handling, machine relocation, setup, inventory carrying, in-house production and subcontracting needs. Numerical examples of different sizes are presented to illustrate the nature of the developed model and shed light on several managerial insights.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	10	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Distributed layout,Dynamic reconfiguration,Mixed integer linear programming,Production planning
Logic-based benders decomposition for planning and scheduling: A computational analysis	2015	Proceedings of the Workshop on Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems, COPLAS 2015	Proceedings of the Workshop on Constraint Satisfaction Techniques for Planning and Scheduling Problems, COPLAS 2015.Logic-based Benders decomposition (LBBD) has improved the state of the art for solving a variety of planning and scheduling problems, in part by combining the complementary strengths of constraint programming (CP) and mixed integer programming (MIP). We undertake a computational analysis of specific factors that contribute to the success of LBBD, to provide guidance for future implementations. We study a problem class that assign tasks to multiple resources and poses a cumulative scheduling problem on each resource. We find that LBBD is at least 1000 times faster than state-of-the-art MIP on larger instances, despite recent advances in the latter. Further, we conclude that LBBD is most effective when the planning and scheduling aspects of the problem are roughly balanced in difficulty. The most effective device for improving LBBD is the inclusion of a subproblem relaxation in the master problem. The strengthening of Benders cuts also plays an important role when the master and subproblem complexity are properly balanced. These findings suggest future research directions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	3	Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research	None
Motor controller design and indoor experiment for electric tractor based on myRIO	2015	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	, 2015, Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All right reserved.It is well known that off-road vehicles contribute a huge amount of pollution to air, and studies have shown that renewable electric vehicles (EVs) decrease petroleum consumption and consequently reduce criteria emissions under nearly all circumstances. Diesel tractors exhaust CO, NOx PM10 and pollutants that are harmful to human body. As a consequence, diesel tractors are not allowed to work in some limited and closed environments such as greenhouse. It is imperative that a kind of small electric tractor with less noise, zero emission and more comfort should be developed with the least delay. A brushless direct current (BLDC) motor drive is characterized by higher efficiency and lower maintenance. Therefore, it is necessary to have a low-cost but effective BLDC motor controller. This research develops a new low-cost method for the design of BLDC motor controller and designs a BLDC motor controller for a small electric tractor. The BLDC motor controller includes cybernetics core and controller peripheral circuits, and modular design idea is proposed. The advanced intelligent controller uses the myRIO as a cybernetics core, and the myRIO uses the latest Zynq technology from Xilinx, which features an FPGA integrated with a processor running a real-time OS that can meet the requirements of intelligent control for electric tractor. The myRIO is coupled with an onboard accelerometer, programmable LEDs (light emitting diodes) and analog and digital I/O, and USB port helps modular design ideas come to life. The controller peripheral circuits include power amplifier MOSFET gate drive, current protection, low voltage protection and temperature protection, which meet the tractor's transportation and working demands under different power conditions. Programs are developed in real-time processor ARM and I/O driver software in FPGA to the control flow in graphical programming environment. Main control and protection algorithms run in real-time OS; at the same time the driving timing sequence algorithms run in FPGA, and the algorithms with 2 different execution rates are isolating. In this way, it not only reduces the real-time processor's load, but also improves the accuracy and reliability of the controller. The software includes starter, driving, low-voltage protection, overcurrent protection, thermal protection and other sub-VI programs. The electric tractor prototype tests show that BLDC motor controller works properly with maximum starting current 120 A under zero load condition and 164 A under loaded condition with overcurrent detection. Under starting condition, after performing several experiments, when duty cycle of the PWM signal is set as 60% and the frequency is set as 10 kHz in initial stage, the better motor starting torque can be obtained, and amplitude of starting current is also limited. The sequence of motor drive voltages meets the requirement of the BLDC motor excellently with the help of hall position sensors. It is concluded that the modular design idea of developing a BLDC motor controller that combines cybernetics core and controller peripheral circuits is practicable. In the whole testing process, the disadvantage of the impact force does not exist, and less vibration and lower noise make the tractor driver more comfortable when it is working. The design proposal combining myRIO as control core and peripheral circuit solves the difficult problems of developing drive controller, it promotes the development of the intelligent electric tractor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agriculture machinery,BLDCM controller,Control systems,Drive circuit,Protective circuit,Tractors
Solving a new multi-objective multi-route flexible flow line problem by multi-objective particle swarm optimization and NSGA-II	2015	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2014 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers.Mass production, meeting the increasing demands of the customers is a necessity. Such a production is mainly dependent on a factory manufacturing called flow line production. This paper deals with special type of production by the name of flexible manufacturing system, assuming the presence of multi processors in each station of a multi-station arrangement. The model debated in the paper possesses three objective functions, the first of which attempts to minimize the weighted delays. The second objective function tries to minimize the capital for the purchase of the processors at stations and the third objective function minimizes the capital dedicated to select the optimum processing route of parts. For the validation of the mathematical model, use has been made of NSAGAII and MOPSO approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	10	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible flow line problem (FFL),MOPSO,Multi-objective particle swarm optimization,NSGA-II,Processing route
A novel safe and flexible control strategy based on target reaching for the navigation of urban vehicles	2015	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.This paper presents a complete framework for reactive and flexible autonomous vehicle navigation. A human driver reactively guides a vehicle to the final destination while performing a smooth trajectory and respecting the road boundaries. The objective of this paper is to achieve similar behavior in an unmanned ground vehicle to reach a static or dynamic target location. This is achieved by using a flexible control law based on a novel definition of control variables and Lyapunov synthesis. Furthermore, a target assignment strategy to enable vehicle navigation through successive waypoints in the environment is presented. An elementary waypoint selection method is also presented to perform safe and smooth trajectories. The asymptotic stability of the proposed control strategy is proved. In addition, an accurate estimation of the maximum error boundary, according to the controller parameters, is given. With this indicator, the vehicle navigation will be safe within a certain boundaries. Simulations and experiments are performed in different cases to demonstrate the flexibility, reliability and efficiency of the control strategy. Our proposal is compared with different navigation methods from the literature such as those based on trajectory following.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Control architecture,Lyapunov stability,Mobile robot navigation,Target reaching and following
Integrated quay crane and yard truck scheduling for unloading inbound containers	2015	International Journal of Production Economics	2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.To lower vessel turn time, it is crucial that the operations of quay cranes, yard trucks, and yard cranes are well coordinated. Most studies have sought to optimize each of these processes independently. Since the operations by quay cranes and yard trucks are highly interrelated it is necessary to develop and solve these operations in an integrated manner that reflects the characteristics of the marine container terminals. This study developed a mixed integer programming model for scheduling quay cranes and yard trucks jointly. The integrated model explicitly considered real-world operational constraints such as precedence relationships between containers, blocking, quay crane interference, and quay crane safety margin. To solve the integrated optimization model, a genetic algorithm (GA) combined with a greedy algorithm was developed. The results indicated that the solutions obtained from the integrated model are superior to those obtained from the non-integrated approach. The GA solutions demonstrated that the developed integrated model is solvable within reasonable time for an operational problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	44	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Genetic algorithm,Hybrid flow shop scheduling,Marine container terminals,Quay crane scheduling,Yard truck scheduling
Hyperadaptive control of heavily damaged autonomous airdrop systems	2015	Aerodynamic Decelerator Systems Technology Conferences	2015, AIAA American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. All rights reserved.Autonomous guided airdrop systems based on steerable, ram-air parafoils generally offer significant improvements in payload delivery accuracy compared to unguided airdrop. In the event of a malfunction or rigging error, the gliding and steering ability of the parafoil canopy can exhibit extremely large deviations from the nominal condition. Significant damage and deviations from the nominal flight characteristics can break the most advanced flight controllers, even ones employing adaptive elements to account for small variations in flight speed, atmospheric wind conditions, and small turning biases. This work details the theory and application of a hyperadaptive algorithm for the estimation and control of a parafoil and payload system through the implementation of a Hammerstein model. Integration of system identification methods into an advanced guidance algorithm allows for dynamic and steady state characterization for accurate landings at various levels of system damage.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A Situationally aware voice-commandable robotic forklift working alongside people in unstructured outdoor environments	2015	Journal of Field Robotics	2014 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.One long-standing challenge in robotics is the realization of mobile autonomous robots able to operate safely in human workplaces, and be accepted by the human occupants. We describe the development of a multiton robotic forklift intended to operate alongside people and vehicles, handling palletized materials within existing, active outdoor storage facilities. The system has four novel characteristics. The first is a multimodal interface that allows users to efficiently convey task-level commands to the robot using a combination of pen-based gestures and natural language speech. These tasks include the manipulation, transport, and placement of palletized cargo within dynamic, human-occupied warehouses. The second is the robot's ability to learn the visual identity of an object from a single user-provided example and use the learned model to reliably and persistently detect objects despite significant spatial and temporal excursions. The third is a reliance on local sensing that allows the robot to handle variable palletized cargo and navigate within dynamic, minimally prepared environments without a global positioning system. The fourth concerns the robot's operation in close proximity to people, including its human supervisor, pedestrians who may cross or block its path, moving vehicles, and forklift operators who may climb inside the robot and operate it manually. This is made possible by interaction mechanisms that facilitate safe, effective operation around people. This paper provides a comprehensive description of the system's architecture and implementation, indicating how real-world operational requirements motivated key design choices. We offer qualitative and quantitative analyses of the robot operating in real settings and discuss the lessons learned from our effort.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
An Improved Genetic Algorithm with Initial Population Strategy for Symmetric TSP	2015	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	ï¿½ 2015 Yong Deng et al.A new initial population strategy has been developed to improve the genetic algorithm for solving the well-known combinatorial optimization problem, traveling salesman problem. Based on the k-means algorithm, we propose a strategy to restructure the traveling route by reconnecting each cluster. The clusters, which randomly disconnect a link to connect its neighbors, have been ranked in advance according to the distance among cluster centers, so that the initial population can be composed of the random traveling routes. This process is k-means initial population strategy. To test the performance of our strategy, a series of experiments on 14 different TSP examples selected from TSPLIB have been carried out. The results show that KIP can decrease best error value of random initial population strategy and greedy initial population strategy with the ratio of approximately between 29.15% and 37.87%, average error value between 25.16% and 34.39% in the same running time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	118	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
A unified motion planning method for parking an autonomous vehicle in the presence of irregularly placed obstacles	2015	Knowledge-Based Systems	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.This paper proposes a motion planner for autonomous parking. Compared to the prevailing and emerging studies that handle specific or regular parking scenarios only, our method describes various kinds of parking cases in a unified way regardless they are regular parking scenarios (e.g., parallel, perpendicular or echelon parking cases) or not. First, we formulate a time-optimal dynamic optimization problem with vehicle kinematics, collision-avoidance conditions and mechanical constraints strictly described. Thereafter, an interior-point simultaneous approach is introduced to solve that formulated dynamic optimization problem. Simulation results validate that our proposed motion planning method can tackle general parking scenarios. The tested parking scenarios in this paper can be regarded as benchmark cases to evaluate the efficiency of methods that may emerge in the future. Our established dynamic optimization problem is an open and unified framework, where other complicated user-specific constraints/optimization criteria can be handled without additional difficulty, provided that they are expressed through inequalities/polynomial explicitly. This proposed motion planner may be suitable for the next-generation intelligent parking-garage system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	58	Management Information Systems,Software,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous vehicle,Dynamic optimization,Motion planning,Simultaneous approach,Time optimal control
Evaluation framework for defense simulation packages	2015	Journal of Optoelectronics and Advanced Materials	Simulation tools of various systems are very important in civil and defense sectors because the actual systems are expensive, complex, sensitive and could be a threat to human lives and property if used incorrectly or lack of expertise. Therefore, such tools are used commonly in different organizations as an alternative to the actual systems. Various simulation tools are available for defense systems but the question arises is which tool is best and meets user's demands. This problem can be solved with a suitable selection of a simulation tool. How to select a suitable tool? This is another issue which is the subject of this thesis and where this research work is focusing. To solve this issue, an evaluation framework is proposed for defense simulation tools. The proposed framework is developed based on the characteristics of the defense simulation tools, the expert's opinions, and the existing evaluation methods in the literature. This framework consists of three levels: the first level indicates the main criteria, the second level describes the sub criteria while the third level defines the simulation tools. Further, a comparative analysis is made to existing works which shows an improvement in evaluations mechanisms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Saudi Arabia	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Condensed Matter Physics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Criteria,Defense simulation package,Evaluation,Framework,Level,Sub-criteria
Inference with fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points	2015	Journal of Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	An inference method for sparse fuzzy rules is proposed which interpolates fuzzy rules at an infinite number of activating points and deduces consequences based on α-GEMII (α-level-set and generalized-mean-based inference). The activating points, proposed in this paper, are determined so as to activate interpolated fuzzy rules by each given fact. The proposed method is named α-GEMINAS (α-GEMII-based inference with fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points). α-GEMINAS solves the problem in infinite-level interpolation where fuzzy rules are interpolated at the least upper and greatest lower bounds of an infinite number of α-cuts of each given fact. The infinite-level interpolation can nonlinearly transform the shapes of given membership functions to those of deduced ones in accordance even with sparse fuzzy rules under some conditions. These conditions are, however, strict from a practical viewpoint. α-GEMINAS can deduce consequences without these conditions and provide nonlinear mapping comparable with infinite-level interpolation. Simulation results demonstrate these properties of α-GEMINAS. Thereby, it is found that α-GEMINAS is practical and applicable to a wide variety of fields.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	9	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy inference,Fuzzy rule interpolation,Nonlinear mapping,Sparse fuzzy rules,α-cut
A Cooperative Control Method for Fully Mechanized Mining Machines Based on Fuzzy Logic Theory and Neural Networks	2015	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	Chao Tan et al.In a fully mechanized mining face, the coordinated control of coal mining machines has a significant promoting effect to perfect the mining environment and improve the efficiency of coal production and has become a research focus all over the world. In this paper, a cooperative control method based on the integration of fuzzy logic theory and neural networks was proposed. The improved Elman neural network (ENN) through a threshold strategy was presented to predict the running parameters of coal mining machines. On the basis of coupling analysis of coal mining machines, the expert knowledge base of scraper conveyor was established based on fuzzy logic theory. Furthermore, the probabilistic neural network (PNN) was applied to evaluate the running status of scraper conveyor, and the cooperative control flow was designed and analyzed. Finally, a simulation example was provided and the comparison results illustrated that the proposed method was feasible and superior to the manual control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Mechanical Engineering	None
Planning and Obstacle Avoidance in Mobile Robotics	2015	Household Service Robotics	2015 Zhejiang University Press Co., Ltd. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.This chapter focuses on the navigation subsystem of a mobile robot which operates in human environments to carry out different tasks, such as transporting waste in hospitals or escorting people in exhibitions. The chapter describes a hybrid approach (Roaming Trails), which integrates a priori knowledge of the environment with local perceptions in order to carry out the assigned tasks efficiently and safely: that is, by guaranteeing that the robot can never be trapped in deadlocks even when operating within a partially unknown dynamic environment. This chapter includes a discussion about the properties of the approach, as well as experimental results recorded during real-world experiments.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Italy	0	Engineering (all)	Architecture,Deliberative agent,Homotopic,Mobile,Navigation,Nonholonomic,Reactive agent,Road map
Choosing a business model of container terminal operations	2015	International Series in Operations Research and Management Science	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.This chapter empirically identifies the crucial criteria for choosing a business model of container terminal operations from the viewpoint of the Taiwan International Ports Corporation (TIPC)—the former port authority of Kaohsiung, Keelung, Taichung, and Hualien in Taiwan. An analytic hierarchy process approach is employed to assess the relative importance of these criteria and business models. Results indicate that benefit and operational capability are the two most important criteria for selecting business models of container terminal operations. The optimal business model in the short to medium term for TIPC is “wholly-owned, operateoutsourced”, whereas “wholly-owned, operate-owned” is the optimal business model in the long term. Implications of the research findings for port corporations and global terminal operators are discussed.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Hong Kong	0	Software,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Applied Mathematics	None
A review of intermodal rail freight bundling operations	2015	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.Bundling freight flows are significant important in intermodal transport, as all stakeholders involved, e. g. infrastructure owners and transport providers have to find the best solution to meet the transport demand with reasonable cost. Therefore, consolidation and spilt of the freight are inevitable during the transport. As a result, extensive operations must be performed to ensure the exchange between freight flows. The aim of this paper is to give an integrated perspective of the railway intermodal bundling operations. Key operations in bundling rail freight are addressed and discussed, literature in relevant area are classified according to the characteristic of operation. Finally, current trends and limitation in these topics are discussed.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Container terminal,Freight bundling,Intermodal transport,Railway transport
Petri net based decision system modeling in real-time scheduling and control of flexible automotive manufacturing systems	2015	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper presents the design and the implementation of a Petri net (PN) model for the control of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). A flexible automotive manufacturing system used in this environment enables quick cell configuration, and the efficient operation of cells. In this paper, we attempt to propose a flexible automotive manufacturing approach for modeling and analysis of shop floor scheduling problem of FMSs using high-level PNs. Since PNs have emerged as the principal performance modeling tools for FMS, this paper provides an object-oriented Petri nets (OOPNs) approach to performance modeling and to implement efficient production control. In this study, we modeled the system as a timed marked graph (TMG), a well-known subclass of PNs, and we showed that the problem of performance evaluation can be reduced to a simple linear programming (LP) problem with m - n + 1 variables and n constraints, where m and n represent the number of places and transitions in the marked graph, respectively. The presented PN based method is illustrated by modeling a real-time scheduling and control for flexible automotive manufacturing system (FAMS) in Valeo Turkey.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	23	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Decision system modeling,Flexible automotive manufacturing systems,Linear programming (LP),Petri net,Time scheduling,Timed marked graph (TMG)
Simulation-based optimization for storage allocation problem of outbound containers in automated container terminals	2015	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2015 Ning Zhao et al.Storage allocation of outbound containers is a key factor of the performance of container handling system in automated container terminals. Improper storage plans of outbound containers make QC waiting inevitable; hence, the vessel handling time will be lengthened. A simulation-based optimization method is proposed in this paper for the storage allocation problem of outbound containers in automated container terminals (SAPOBA). A simulation model is built up by Timed-Colored-Petri-Net (TCPN), used to evaluate the QC waiting time of storage plans. Two optimization approaches, based on Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and Genetic Algorithm (GA), are proposed to form the complete simulation-based optimization method. Effectiveness of this method is verified by experiment, as the comparison of the two optimization approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Segment set-based part input sequencing in flexible manufacturing systems	2015	International Journal of Production Research	2015 Taylor & Francis.In competitive and uncertain business environments, manufacturing firms face various challenges requiring quick response, customisation and cost effectiveness to sustain competitive advantage. This paper proposes a segment set-based approach for the part input sequencing problem of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). The segment set theorems are built for the development of the segment set-based approach for the problem. A numerical study is done using simulation, and validated through statistical analyses. Our approach results in the significant performance improvement of the FMSs. Managerial implications are discussed. Further research is also provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	dynamic workload balance,FMS sequencing,make-to-order production,mass customisation/mass personalisation,quick response manufacturing
Deadlock prevention policy for a class of petri nets based on complementary places and elementary siphons	2015	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.For a class of Petri nets called Systems of Simple Sequential Processes with Resources (S3PR), this paper proposes a sufficient condition under which there exists a complementary-place supervisor to enforce their liveness. Moreover, an algorithm is proposed to design liveness-enforcing supervisors based on complementary places and elementary siphons. The significance of the proposed policy lies in its design simplicity. A flexible manufacturing system example shows that in some cases, the proposed policy can obtain a structurally simpler supervisor with 99.9 % maximal permissive behavior.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	13	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Deadlock,Discrete event system,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net
Planning and scheduling for maritime container yards: Supporting and facilitating the global supply network	2015	Planning and Scheduling for Maritime Container Yards: Supporting and Facilitating the Global Supply Network	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.Maximizing reader insights into the challenges facing maritime supply chains and container port logistics service providers in Asia, this book highlights their innovative responses to these challenges through real-world case studies. With a focus on mathematical modeling, simulation and heuristics approaches, this book provides academics, engineers, container terminal operators, students in logistics and supply chain management with the latest approaches that can be used to address the planning and scheduling problem in large container terminal yards. This book can be used on a self-contained basis as teaching cases in an undergraduate or specialist class setting, or on techniques applied to maritime container operations for port operations.	Book	b	bk	Book	Japan	6	Engineering (all),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
Containment control of networked autonomous underwater vehicles with model uncertainty and ocean disturbances guided by multiple leaders	2015	Information Sciences	2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.This paper considers the containment control of networked autonomous underwater vehicles guided by multiple dynamic leaders over a directed network. Each vehicle is subject to model uncertainty and unknown time-varying ocean disturbances. A new predictor-based neural dynamic surface control design approach is presented to develop the adaptive containment controllers, under which the trajectories of vehicles converge to the convex hull spanned by those of the leaders. Specifically, iterative neural updating laws, based on prediction errors, are constructed, which enable the accurate identification of the unknown dynamics for each vehicle, not only in steady state but also in transient state. Furthermore, this result is extended to the output-feedback case where only the position-yaw information can be measured. A neural observer is developed to recover the unmeasured velocity information. Based on the observed velocities of neighboring vehicles, distributed output-feedback containment controllers are devised, under which the containment can be achieved regardless of model uncertainty, unknown ocean disturbances, and unmeasured velocity information. For both cases, Lyapunov-Krasovskii functionals are used to prove the uniform ultimate boundedness of the closed-loop error signals. Comparative studies are given to show the performance improvement of the proposed methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	120	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous underwater vehicles,Containment,Dynamic surface control,Output feedback,Predictor
Chromatic methodology for laser detection and ranging (LADAR) image description	2015	Optik	2015 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.Chromatic methodology for information extraction has evolved from a number of origins, some based upon human perceptions and the others on scientific and analytical approaches. From the applications of this methodology, a new robust LADAR image descriptor is proposed. This descriptor is developed to has a high discrimination capability, robust to the effects that disturb LADAR images, and requires less storage space and computational time for recognition. The performance of the proposed LADAR descriptor is evaluated using simulated LADAR images. Experimental tests are also being undertaken on the new descriptor to validate its ability with processing real LADAR images. The results show high discrimination capability for the new descriptor over the traditional techniques such as Moments descriptor, which is used to benchmark the results. The results also show the robustness of the new descriptor in the presence of noise, view change, low resolution, translation, scaling, and rotation effects.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	3	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Chromatic methodology,LADAR,Laser radar,LIDAR
Robust supervision using shared-buffers in automated manufacturing systems with unreliable resources	2015	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Abstract It has been an active area of research to solve the modeling, analysis, and deadlock control problems for automated manufacturing systems (AMSs). So far, all the system resources are assumed to be reliable in most of the existing approaches for deadlock-free and nonblocking supervisory control. However, many resources of AMSs are subject to failure in the real world. In order to develop a more practical and applicable supervisor, this work takes into consideration of multiple unreliable resources in a class of AMSs. On the basis of two variants of Banker's Algorithm, this paper presents a robust supervisory control policy to avoid deadlock and blocking in these systems. The policy tries to make the best use of buffers of the shared resources to achieve the control objectives. Our controller is qualified to handle simultaneous multi-resource failures. By using formal language and automata theory, we establish its correctness. Moreover, our proposed method is verified via an AMS example, and we make comparison studies between our policy and some of the other similar type of policies in the literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated manufacturing systems,Control policy,Deadlock avoidance,Robust control
Evaluating the intensity of variables affecting flexibility in FMS by graph theory and matrix approach	2015	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	Copyright  2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The purpose of this paper is to investigate the intensity of variables of the flexible manufacturing system (FMS) which affect flexibility in FMS. The study was performed by conducting a cross-sectional survey within manufacturing firms in India through exploratory factor analysis (EFA) and graph theory and matrix approach (GTMA). By performing EFA, factor structure is identified whereas GTMA quantified the factor structure of a set of observed variables. GTMA is a multiple attribute decision making (MADM) methodology used to find the intensity of variables in an organisation. In this paper, EFA is applied to extract the factors in FMS by The Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS 20) software and evaluation of intensity of variables affecting flexibility in FMS by GTMA. Fifteen variables are identified through literature, and four factors extracted, which involves the flexibility of FMS in production flexibility, machine flexibility, product flexibility, and volume flexibility.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	EFA,Exploratory factor analysis,Flexibility,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,Graph theory and matrix approach,GTMA
Selection of sustainable materials for lightweight concrete	2015	Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers: Engineering Sustainability	Floating buildings are a recognised flood adaptation strategy around the world, and lightweight concrete (LWC) containing expanded polystyrene (EPS) beads is seen as a particularly suitable construction material. However, it is important to use sustainability criteria when specifying such concrete. This study of a floating house project in Malaysia aims to select the best cementitious material from pozzolanic waste and by-products to improve the sustainability performance of LWC with EPS. Content analysis was used to define critical indicators and a modified fuzzy preference selection index method was improved and used as a decision-making tool to investigate the performance of different cementitious materials (silica fume, fly ash and palm oil fuel ash) under both qualitative and quantitative criteria. Experimental tests and interviews were conducted to investigate the effects of different pozzolans in LWC with regards to sustainability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	10	Civil and Structural Engineering	concrete technology and manufacture,materials technology,sustainabilit
Elementary-siphon-based control policy for flexible manufacturing systems with partial observability and controllability of transitions	2015	Asian Journal of Control	2014 Chinese Automatic Control Society and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.Elementary siphons have been extensively studied to solve deadlock problems in Petri nets. However, most of the existing approaches based on elementary siphons can deal with the Petri nets in which all the transitions are supposed to be controllable and observable. This paper develops an elementary-siphon-based deadlock control policy for flexible manufacturing systems with uncontrollable and unobservable transitions. For elementary siphons, their complementary sets are successively expanded by considering unobservability and uncontrollability of transitions. Monitors are designed for the expanded complementary sets. The proposed method permits that there are arcs from monitors to a set of special uncontrollable transitions. Moreover, we show that the dependent siphons are always marked in the controlled system that is derived from the proposed method when there exist uncontrollable and unobservable transitions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Control and Systems Engineering	Discrete event system,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net,Siphon,Uncontrollable and unobservable transition
Estimating the position of the harvester head – A key step towards the precision forestry of the future?	2015	Croatian Journal of Forest Engineering	2015, University of Zagreb. All rights reserved.Modern harvesters are technologically sophisticated, with many useful features such as the ability to automatically measure stem diameters and lengths. This information is processed in real time to support value optimization when cutting stems into logs. It can also be transferred from the harvesters to centralized systems and used for wood supply management. Such information management systems have been available since the 1990s in Sweden and Finland, and are constantly being upgraded. However, data on the position of the harvester head relative to the machine are generally not recorded during harvesting. The routine acquisition and analysis of such data could offer several opportunities to improve forestry operations and related processes in the future. Here, we analyze the possible benefits of having this information, as well as the steps required to collect and process it. The benefits and drawbacks of different sensing technologies are discussed in terms of potential applications, accuracy and cost. We also present the results of preliminary testing using two of the proposed methods. Our analysis indicates that an improved scope for mapping and controlling machine movement is the main benefit that is directly related to the conduct of forestry operations. In addition, there are important indirect benefits relating to ecological mapping. Our analysis suggests that both of these benefits can be realized by measuring the angles of crane joints or the locations of crane segments and using the resulting information to compute the head's position. In keeping with our findings, two companies have recently introduced sensor equipped crane solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	22	Forestry	ALS,Automation,Boom tip control,Harvester data,Sensors
Advances in assembly line parts feeding policies: A literature review	2015	Assembly Automation	Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present a literature review on parts feeding policies and to provide the components of parts feeding systems via a classification structure. Design/methodology/approach - This paper determines the scope and components of parts feeding systems via a classification structure under three main components such as the storage of parts, transport of parts and feeding policy. Afterward, it is focused on parts feeding policies and the related papers are reviewed and analyzed according to their feeding policy types, objectives, solution methodologies and the application types. Findings - A classification structure showing the components and scope of parts feeding systems is provided. Parts feeding policies are handled in detail and feeding policy types, objectives, solution methodologies and application types in the existing studies are presented in this paper. However, the paper highlights the open research areas and advances for academics and presents applied solution methodologies and case studies for practitioners. Originality/value - This paper reveals the scope of parts feeding systems by presenting a classification structure including three main components and related subcomponents and provides a comprehensive literature review on parts feeding policies.	Journal	j	re	Review	Turkey	40	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assembly line,Feeding policy,Hybrid feeding
Agent-based dynamic part family formation for cellular manufacturing applications	2015	International Journal of Production Research	2014 Taylor & Francis.One of the main critique on cellular manufacturing and its algorithms is their inability to handle dynamics events, especially dynamic changes in part spectrum. Unfortunately, there are not many efforts in the literature to overcome this problem. Agent oriented computing provides a marvellous opportunity to handle dynamic problems and to provide effective solutions, if carefully and intelligently implemented. In this paper, we have proposed a novel agent-based clustering algorithm for part family formation in cellular manufacturing by considering dynamic demand changes. However, it is not easy to directly compare the performance of the proposed algorithm with the literature results as there is no benchmark for dynamic cell formation problems. We attempt to compare the performance of the present algorithm on static test problems by dynamically introducing parts in these data-sets to our algorithm. Many results have been presented on these static data-sets by utilising several heuristics, meta-heuristics and optimisation-based algorithms. Although the proposed algorithm is not an optimisation-based algorithm and its operation is directed to handle dynamic changes in the problem domain through negotiation, we have shown that it has ability to provide very good results which are comparable to the best known solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agent-based simulation,Cellular manufacturing,Dynamic clustering,Negotiation,Part family formation
Toward a relevant agenda for warehousing research: literature review and practitioners’ input	2015	Logistics Research	2014, The Author(s).The main purpose of this research is to provide an agenda for future warehousing research relevant for both academic development and practitioners’ needs. In order to suggest a practically relevant future research agenda, first a comprehensive literature review was performed to identify research areas covered in the literature. Then, 15 warehouse managers and senior consultants were interviewed to add empirical input to the development of potential future research areas. The literature review reveals gaps, both methodology- and topic-wise. A considerable methodological imbalance is observed. Some of the highlighted managerial concerns have been investigated in the literature extensively, but the managerial concerns emphasized mostly do not belong to the most researched categories. While most of the practitioners’ concerns relate to supportive aspects of warehousing business, a relatively high number of the reviewed studies highlight operational problems. The suggested future research agenda highlights the importance of supportive aspects of the warehousing business, employment of real data in analysis and empirical research methods. The insights from practitioners stress the expected trends of business environment such as more volatile demand, higher desire for customized services and more expansion of e-commerce.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	53	Control and Systems Engineering,Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Literature review,Material handling,Research agenda,Warehousing
A comprehensive review and proposed framework to design lean storage and handling systems	2015	International Journal of Advanced Operations Management	Copyright 2015 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The unprecedented increase in adoption of e-commerce in recent times asks for more efficient, flexible and agile warehousing due to product variants. All previous reviews broadly focus on warehouse design and operations ignoring the major function of providing effective buffering and efficient materials handling. Appropriate storage and handling device selection during warehouse design is significant as it improves materials movement, storage utilisation and productivity. This decision should be taken with adequate thought and care as it affects operating costs and performance throughout the lifespan of the warehouse. This paper critically reviews the current state-of-Art of storage-handling systems literature and allied design issues as per the defined taxonomy. The objective is to investigate design issues from lean perspective, and the findings reveal the interrelationship between performance measures, solution approaches and wastes affecting leanness. The conceptual framework is presented to facilitate the design of lean storage and handling systems along with future scope as motivation of findings. This study may be of great help to the researchers who would like to explore the emerging field of lean adoption in storage and handling design.	Journal	j	re	Review	India	5	Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Lean Warehousing,Performance Measures.,Storage And Handling Framework,Warehouse Design
Vehicle routing problems with loading constraints: state-of-the-art and future directions	2015	OR Spectrum	2014, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Distributors are faced with loading constraints in their route planning, e.g.,multi-dimensional packing constraints, unloading sequence constraints, stability constraints and axle weight limits. Ignoring these constraints impairs planning and induces last-minute changes resulting in additional costs. Developing vehicle routing models incorporating loading constraints is critical to more efficient route planning. The last couple of years has seen a huge increase of contributions to this field of research with almost 60 % of these being published after 2009. Our contribution is twofold. First, we overview the recent developments in the literature on all vehicle types in which loading constraints play a key role (trucks, airplanes, ships, and automated guided vehicles), using a state-of-the-art classification scheme to identify the loading constraints considered in each article. Second, we identify research gaps and opportunities for future research.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	51	Management Science and Operations Research	Loading problem,Pickup and delivery,Rich VRP,Three-dimensional packing,Two-dimensional packing,Vehicle routing problem
Combine harvesters: Theory, modeling, and design	2015	Combine Harvesters: Theory, Modeling, and Design	2016 by Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.From Basic Fundamentals to Advanced Design ApplicationsA culmination of the author's more than 20 years of research efforts, academic papers, and lecture notes, Combine Harvesters: Theory, Modeling, and Design outlines the key concepts of combine harvester process theory and provides you with a complete and thorough understanding of combine harvest.	Book	b	bk	Book	United States	16	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Engineering (all)	None
