A fuzzy logic expert system for the automated generation of roadmaps for automated guided vehicle systems	2016	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2016 IEEE.So far the generation of roadmaps for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is mostly performed manually. Mathematical path finding algorithms often return results that are mathematically optimal but not applicable to a real production layout. This paper proposes an expert system as a solution that combines traditional path finding algorithms (in the form of a modified version of the A∗ and the Bellman-Ford algorithm) with a fuzzy inference system that incorporates the human knowledge of AGV system planners. Results that prove the efficiency of the proposed solution are shown in the end.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	automated guided vehicles,fuzzy logic,path planning,roadmaps
General conversion of integer programming problems into optimal firing sequence problem of Petri nets	2016	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2016 IEEE.Given an initial marking and final marking for a Petri net model, an optimal firing sequence problem is defined as the problem to find an optimal transition firing sequence to minimize the objective function. For the purpose of analysis of general integer programming problems, we propose a Petri net representation and reachability analysis of integer programming problems. In the proposed method, an integer programming problem is converted into the optimal firing sequence problem of Petri nets. By utilizing the proposed algorithm, integer programming problems can be visualized and analyzed by the Petri net theory. We apply the proposed methodology to the scheduling problems of dual armed cluster tools. The valid inequalities are derived from the reachability analysis. Numerical results show that those valid inequalities can significantly reduce the computational time of the original integer programming problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Using answer set programming in an order-picking system with cellular transport vehicles	2016	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2016 IEEE.Cellular transport systems are a field of research which has received some attention over the last few years. As a recently established topic, a large share of the current research is directed at fundamental topics dealing with the system's design and construction. Answer set programming, on the other hand, has been established in the early 90s and received steadily rising attention from thereon. In the presented paper, we aim to unite the topics of cellular transport systems and answer set programming to build a valuable fusion. By using answer set programming, the vehicles are given the autonomy to decide which driving task to fulfill next and to which picking station a corresponding customer order is assigned. The approach is evaluated using a simulation and proves to be superior to a conventional first-come-first-served approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Answer set programming,autonomous vehicles,facility logistics,industry 4.0,order-picking
Some novel traffic coordination problems and their analytical study based on Lagrangian Duality theory	2016	2016 IEEE 55th Conference on Decision and Control, CDC 2016	2016 IEEE.We consider a class of scheduling problems that concern the routing of a set of mobile agents over the edges of an underlying guidepath network. These problems are motivated by (i) the operations of some unit-load, automated material handling systems that are employed in many contemporary production and distribution facilities, and also by (ii) the operations that take place in the physical layouts implementing the elementary logical operations that are employed in quantum computing. The presented results include (a) a systematic formulation of the considered scheduling problems as mixed integer programs (MIPs), (b) a Lagrangian relaxation of these MIP formulations, and (c) the development of a customized dual-ascent algorithm for the systematic and expedient solution of the corresponding dual problem. The latter provides lower bounds for the original MIP formulations and potentially useful information for the construction of near-optimal routing schedules for the original problems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Artificial Intelligence,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization	None
Simulation and economic analysis of an AGV system as a mean of transport of warehouse waste in an automotive OEM	2016	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2016 IEEE.Companies with high quality production systems like the automotive industry OEM's (Original Equipment Manufacturer), need to control the containers in which the raw materials are delivered onto the production lines to make sure quality standards are not breached. They commonly have to change the containers from their suppliers to special clean vessels. Hence a new flow of residues is created by this repacking process, the problem arises with the need to minimize the impact that this flow has on the milk runs that supply the lines with raw materials and maintaining the cost of its operation as low as possible. Different AGV (Automated Guided Vehicles) system configurations were tested based on their financial and functionality feasibility to see if the use of AGVs is viable to perform this kind of activities. SIMIO simulation tool was used to assess the performance of each AGV configuration on the metrics of buffer size, total travelled distances, resource utilization and effect on the output of the plant for four different production levels (units/shift). A configuration was clearly better, for the highest production level scenario: it freed 12 m2 of buffer area; it reduced operators travelled distances by 88%; it was suitable for 120% of the current production levels; had a payback time of less than 2 years and a net present value of 232K€.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	2	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGVs,SIMIO,Simulation
PID control applied on a line-follower AGV using a RGB camera	2016	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2016 IEEE.This paper aims to develop a control algorithm for a unicycle type AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) to follow a trajectory predefined by a line avoiding oscillation on its movements. At the first tests the PID controller will be applied. On some applications cameras are used to help a robot follow a track (instead of infra red sensors), determining if it should keep a forward movement or turn to any sides. On this application, the camera is used in the PID control loop as a sensor to give feedback information, thus evaluating the efficiency of the control system allied with computer vision. This type of application simplifies the sensing system of a line follower AGV and makes possible to use the camera to other means, such as token and color identification. Considering a simplified model and a classic control technique, the results presented have showed stability on lower speeds.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	7	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Improving functional safety in autonomous guided agricultural self propelled machines using hardware-in-The-loop (HIL) systems for software validation	2016	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2016 IEEE.Autonomous guided agricultural self-propelled machines are becoming more common in modern agriculture as well as the increased use of electronic solutions. In order to guarantee the effectiveness of Functional Safety functions software validation is also becoming more complex and critical during the product development. Hardware-In-The-Loop (HIL) systems not only improve software validation coverage, but also guarantee that neither operator nor machine will be put in a risky situation during the field validation phase. This article presents the case of HIL validation used in the development of a South American hybrid combine harvester.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
A prioritized collision avoidance methodology for autonomous driving	2016	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2016 IEEE.In this paper, we develop a centralized and automated conflict resolution methodology for vehicles that guarantees collision-free motion by coordinating the vehicles' speeds on predetermined paths. A new computationally efficient formulation for collision-free motion constraints of vehicles is proposed. We develop a methodology to maximize the speed and safety distance of vehicles subjected to the collision-free motion constraints. Our method instead of constantly checking Euclidean distances among the vehicles, which is computationally expensive, first, finds the potential collision zones in the environment and then determines collision-free constraints based on a parameter called velocity rate. We also develop a new traffic flow measurement quantity, described as motion density, to study the performance of different conflict resolution scenarios. We studied how safety and speed objectives of vehicles will affect the motion density. Using simulation results the effectiveness of our approach is verified for coordinated transportation of multiple vehicles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	5	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Lessons learned after more than 1000 km in an autonomous shuttle guided by vision	2016	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2016 IEEE.This article presents a large scale and long duration experiment as part of the French FUI VipaFleet project. A driverless shuttle has been operated for three month on an industrial site, totaling nearly 1500 km of autonomous travel and 300 passengers transported. The localization relies mainly on a multi camera system and a visual SLAM algorithm. Besides the vision algorithms themselves, this article develops the practical aspects of a large scale experiment and the lessons learned from this experience.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Omnidirectional configuration and control approach on mini heavy loaded forklift autonomous guided vehicle	2016	MATEC Web of Conferences	The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2017.This paper presents the omnidirectional configuration and control approach on Mini Heavy Loaded Forklift Autonomous Guided Vehicle (MHeLFAGV) for flexibility maneuverability in confine and narrow area. The issue in turning motion for nonholonomic vehicle in confine area becoming a motivation in MHeLFAGV design to provide holonomic vehicle with flexible movement. Therefore an omni-wheeled named Mecanum wheel has been configured in this vehicle design as well as omnidirectional control algorithm. MHeLFAGV system is developed with collaboration and inspired from Vacuumshmelze (M) Sdn. Bhd. Pekan, Pahang in order to have a customized mini forklift that able to work in a very confined warehouse (170cm × 270cm square) with heavy payload in a range of 20-200kg. In electronics control design, two stages of controller boards are developed namely as Board 1 and 2 that specifically for movement controller board and monitoring controller board respectively. In addition separate module of left, right, forward, backward, diagonal and zigzagging movement is developed as embedded modules for MHeLFAGV system's control architecture. A few experiments are done to verify the algorithm for each omnidirectional movement of MHeLFAGV system in the wide area. The waypoint of MHeLFAGV movement is plotted using Global Positioning System (GPS) as well as a digital compass by mapping the longitude and latitude of the vehicle. There are slightly different between the targeted movements with recorded data since Mecanum wheeled affected by the uneven surface of the landscape. The experiment is also further on moving in confine are on the actual targeted warehouse.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	5	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
A study on transportation processes of autonomous distributed AGV based on social force model	2016	International Symposium on Flexible Automation, ISFA 2016	2016 IEEE.Some researches have been carried out to deal with the distributed architectures of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) systems for ADMS (Autonomous Distributed Manufacturing Systems). However, motion analyses of individual AGV and their influence on efficiency of transportation processes are not considered enough. The Social Force Model is introduced to represent physical interactions and congestions among the people and the environment. The Social Force Model computes a force impact from the pedestrian's self-consciousness while the other two interaction forces from other pedestrians and the walls. The interaction force consists of a psychological force resulting from distance between each other, and a physical force inspired by counteracting body compression and sliding friction. The Social Force Model is applied to the autonomous distributed AGV in order to analyze motion of them and to improve the efficiency of transportation process, in this research.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Study on robot path collision avoidance planning based on the improved ant colony algorithm	2016	Proceedings - 2016 8th International Conference on Intelligent Human-Machine Systems and Cybernetics, IHMSC 2016	2016 IEEE.A path planning method of collision avoidance among an automated guided vehicle system (AGVs) is proposed in this paper. First the environment of warehousing and storage activities for AGVs is described by using grid method with time windows and the updating rule of pheromone in ant colony algorithm is improved. Then the optimal path of AGVs is planned by using improved ant colony algorithm and furthermore an improved ant colony algorithm combined with grid method with time windows is applied to obstacle avoidance path planning for multiple AGVs. At last simulation results verifies that the algorithm can plan the optima path for multiple AGVs without any collision problems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	8	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Signal Processing	AGV,Ant colony algorithm,Collision avoidance,Path planning
Real-time implementation of panoramic mosaic camera based on FPGA	2016	2016 IEEE International Conference on Real-Time Computing and Robotics, RCAR 2016	2016 IEEE.With regard to Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and autonomous navigation of Micro Aerial Vehicles (MAVs) in complicated environments, it is vital to detect not only in the direction of ongoing but also the entire environment. It is very significant for obtaining a broader view of a scene than the current single view which has been used in a wide range of applications such as satellite imaging, medical imaging and so on. As the conventional omnidirectional camera based on PC is cumbersome and power consuming, then a novel light-weight structure comprising of four cameras to detect targets in all directions based on FPGA is presented in our design. We will discuss the implementation of image mosaic algorithm which is comprised of image registration and image fusion and some other image preprocessing algorithms for better effect such as median filter algorithm, color filter algorithm, image enhancement algorithm, etc., on the Xilinx Zynq-7020 FPGA device using Vivado Design Suite and Software Development Kit which is embedded on ZedBoard developed board. The system is able to handle more than 60 frames per second (fps) freely and still in a low power consuming.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	5	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Hardware and Architecture	None
A multi-vessel quay crane scheduling problem	2016	IISA 2016 - 7th International Conference on Information, Intelligence, Systems and Applications	2016 IEEE.The Quay Crane Scheduling Problem (QCSP) is a major concern in ports and container terminals. It aims to minimize vessels and quay completion time by organizing the sequence of loading and unloading processes. The formulation is developed for the QCSP by taking into consideration a berth with multiple vessels and the solution methodology is presented for a numerical example using the General Algebraic Modeling System (GAMS), a commercial optimization software. The main objective of the paper is to minimize the entire processing time for all vessels.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Arab Emirates	1	Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence,Social Sciences (miscellaneous)	berth,container terminal,GAMS,QCSP,reduced processing time,Seaside Operations,servicing multiple vessels
2D Cloud Template Matching - A Comparison between Iterative Closest Point and Perfect Match	2016	Proceedings - 2016 International Conference on Autonomous Robot Systems and Competitions, ICARSC 2016	2016 IEEE.Self-localization of mobile robots in the environment is one of the most fundamental problems in the robotics field. It is a complex and challenging problem due to the high requirements of autonomous mobile vehicles, particularly with regard to algorithms accuracy, robustness and computational efficiency. In this paper we present the comparison of two of the most used map-matching algorithm, which are the Iterative Closest Point and the Perfect Match. This category of algorithms are normally applied in localization based on natural landmarks. They were compared using an extensive collection of metrics, such as accuracy, computational efficiency, convergence speed, maximum admissible initialization error and robustness to outliers in the robots sensors data. The test results were performed in both simulated and real world environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	4	Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	Autonomous Robots,Iterative Closest Point,Map-Matching,Perfect Match,Self-Localization
Investigation of hybrid positioning algorithm based on WiFi	2016	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	2016, The Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation. All right reserved.TDOA(Time Difference of Arrival) and AOA(Angel of Arrival) methods require additional sensing mechanisms and have poor positioning accuracy used in WiFi environment, so a novel TDOAAOE hybrid positioning algorithm was proposed. The proposed algorithm used the AOE (Angle of Emission) information instead of AOA information to estimate the position of a WiFi-based mobile terminal. In this method, access points emitted signals with angle information encoded in beacon packets through directional antennas; which was rotated by motors. WiFi-based mobile devices estimated angles of the access points by receiving and decoding these beacon packets, which calculated the position themselves. This method integrated time-difference idea of TDOA method to decrease the angular measuring error without any additional sensors. Simulation results indicate that the proposed hybrid algorithm performs much better than TDOA and AOA method in terms of positioning accuracy and deployment costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AOE algorithm,Positioning technique,TDOA algorithm,WiFi
Investigation of RFID based localization for SmartDrive vehicular network testbed	2016	2016 IEEE 7th Annual Ubiquitous Computing, Electronics and Mobile Communication Conference, UEMCON 2016	2016 IEEE.With emphasis on Smart Cities as the future of our world, Vehicular Communication technology rises to the forefront of our focus to enable efficient and intelligent transportation systems. Vehicular communication relies on localization for various applications such as safety and traffic related ones. Current systems rely on Global Positioning Systems (GPS) to obtain vehicle position. Accurate localization is imperative and GPS is known for its margin of error. In this paper, we investigate the use of Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology in our SmartDrive vehicular network testbed to complement GPS in order to obtain more accurate localization. We conduct both indoor and outdoor experiments to test both range and durability of RFID.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Hardware and Architecture,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	RFID,vehicular networks
A new positioning method for indoor laser navigation on under-determined condition	2016	Proceedings - 2016 6th International Conference on Instrumentation and Measurement, Computer, Communication and Control, IMCCC 2016	2016 IEEE.This study presents the indoor automated guided vehicles (AGV) laser navigation method on under-determined environments. Typical laser navigation system working well based on at least three reflectors. However, for the complex environment, dependent on obstacles shelves and goods, it is hard to install reflectors in expected points result in the laser scanner probably receive reflecting signal from less than three reflectors. This under-determined positioning condition will lead to the abnormal work situation of laser navigation system. In order to figure out it, this paper presents a new method when the number is less than three reflectors to output expected location information. It combines the known roadmap with two-axis accelerometer for different observation condition when the number of available reflectors is less than three. The scheme showed that the output accuracy is better than 8cm at the worst and more robust than single laser navigation system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Engineering (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Automated guided vehicles,Indoor positioning,Laser navigation system,Roadmap,Under-determined
Scheduling unloading operations in a railway terminal	2016	SITA 2016 - 11th International Conference on Intelligent Systems: Theories and Applications	2016 IEEE.This paper deals with the problem of minimizing the completion time of unloading containers from a train in the logistical platform MITA in Casablanca/Morocco. The main objective is to solve a real-world optimization problem. We present three different approaches: the first one is a two-step procedure that starts by assigning containers to storage places and then solves a classical machine scheduling problem. The second one is global, in the sense that it considers simultaneously the assignment and the scheduling problems. Finally, the third one assigns containers to storage places under a discrete time mathematical formulation. To test the performance of the proposed models, numerical tests on small and pseudo-real instances are conducted and analysed. The results show the good quality of the obtained solutions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Morocco	0	Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems and Management	Container terminal,crane scheduling,discrete time approach,location assignment,makespan,parallel machines
Efficient solutions of interactive dynamic influence diagrams using model identification	2016	Neurocomputing	2016 Elsevier B.V.Interactive dynamic influence diagram (I-DID) is one of the graphical frameworks for sequential decision making in partially observable environment. Subject agent in I-DID maintains beliefs over not only physical states of the environment, but also over models of the other agents. Consequently, solving I-DIDs suffers from the exponential growth of models ascribed to the other agents over time. Previous methods to solve I-DIDs aim at clustering equivalent models by comparing the entire or partial policy trees of the candidate models, which is time-consuming. In this paper, we present a new method for further reducing the model space by identifying the true model of the other agent and pruning the other irrelevant models. Toward this, we use an information-theoretic method—mutual information to measure the relevance between the candidate models and the true model in terms of predicted and observed actions of the other agent. We construct a dynamic Bayesian network to learn the value of parameters needed in the computation of mutual information. This approach bounds the model space by containing only the true model of the other agent. We evaluate our approach on multiple problem domains and empirically demonstrate the efficiency in solving I-DIDs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	Interactive dynamic influence diagram,Model identification,Multi-agent dynamic decision making,Mutual information
Positioning and obstacle avoidance of automatic guided vehicle in partially known environment	2016	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2016, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.This paper presents positioning and obstacle avoidance of Automatic Guidance Vehicle (AGV) in partially known environment. To do this task, the followings are done. Firstly, the system configuration of AGV is described. Secondly, mathematical kinematic modeling of the AGV is presented to understand its characteristics and behavior. Thirdly, the Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) algorithm based on the laser measurement system and encoders is proposed. The encoders are used for detecting the motion state of the AGV. In a slippery environment and a high speed AGV condition, encoder positioning method generates big error. Therefore, Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) is used to get the best position estimation of AGV by combining the encoder positioning result and landmark positions obtained from the laser scanner. Fourthly, to achieve the desired coordinate, D* Lite algorithm is used to generate a path from the start point to the goal point for AGV and to avoid unknown obstacles using information obtained from laser scanner. A backstepping controller based on Lyapunov stability is proposed for tracking the desired path generated by D* Lite algorithm. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms and controller are verified by using experiment. The experimental results show that the AGV successfully reaches the goal point with an acceptable small error.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicle,differential drive,localization,obstacle avoidance,tracking
On-line compositional controller synthesis for AGV	2016	Discrete Event Dynamic Systems: Theory and Applications	2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.This paper deals with the on-line design of a supervisor to coordinate an automated guided vehicle (AGV) fleet. This supervisor ensures the system safety (no collision) and a good coordination between vehicles (no blocking situations). It is the so-called Wonham-Ramadge supervisor, it is the least restrictive, and ensures controllability and nonblocking. We propose a compositional procedure to resolve this problem allowing an efficient on-line synthesis. A calculation on the fly is made at every attribution of a new mission for an AGV, to actualize the supervisor and adapt it to the new situation. This compositional approach allows to increase the number of AGV taken on compared to the monolithic approach. We show on some tests the efficiency of this method for the on-line synthesis of supervisor to coordinate a fleet of mobile robots for real cases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Control,Finite automata,On-line synthesis,Supervisory control
The generalized model of automatically guided vehicle motion control system based on transfer functions	2016	International Journal of Pharmacy and Technology	2016, International Journal of Pharmacy and Technology. All rights reserved.This paper describes the developed model of a mobile vehicle controlled by the difference in speeds of the two drive wheels. The model includes a mathematical description based on the transfer functions of three subsystems: control of the lateral deviation from the target track, the speed control of the longitudinal movement along the straight and curvilinear sections, and positioning control in places to stop automated guided vehicle (AGV) for loading and unloading operations. The model takes into account the movement of the vehicle along a curved path, which is set in deviations from the rectilinear motion. The simulation results of the transport robot movement relative to a given path represented using of Matlab software. Proposed structural schemes of the control subsystems allows to use both of classical and modern control theory methods for the synthesis of vehicle motion control devices.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Russian Federation	0	Biomedical Engineering,Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics (all)	Mobile robot,Modeling,Movement trajectory,Simulation,Transfer function,Transport vehicle
Modeling of decentralized processes in dynamic logistic networks by means of graph-transformational swarms	2016	Logistics Research	2016, The Author(s).In this paper, we propose to employ the framework of graph-transformational swarms for the modeling of dynamic logistic networks with decentralized processing and control. The members of a graph-transformational swarm act and interact in a common environment graph with massive parallelism of rule-based activities according to local control conditions and a global cooperation condition. This corresponds directly to the logistic hubs and their processes in a logistic network where the processes run simultaneously and autonomously with a proper way of coordination. This covers also dynamic changes on the network structures as the members of a swarm can change the environment anyhow. The approach is illustrated by the modeling of automated guided vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicles,Decentralized control,Dynamic logistic networks,Graph transformation,Graph-transformational swarms,Swarm computation
Path tracking controller design of four wheel independent steering automatic guided vehicle	2016	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2016, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.This paper presents a new type of four wheel independent steering automatic guided vehicle (4WIS-AGV) for carrying heavy baggage and proposes a controller for the 4WIS-AGV to track reference trajectories. To do this task, the followings are done. Firstly, a 4WIS-AGV is designed and manufactured for experimental purpose. Secondly, a kinematic modeling for the 4WIS-AGV is introduced based on a single track vehicle model. Thirdly, based on the modeling, a controller is designed based on Backstepping method for the 4WIS-AGV to track reference trajectories. Fourthly, a control system is developed using industrial PC and AVR ATmega128 microcontrollers to implement the designed controller. Finally, simulations and experiments are conducted to verify the effectiveness and performances of the proposed controller in tracking two types of reference trajectories: a trajectory with sharp edges for parallel steering maneuver and a circular trajectory for zero-sideslip maneuver. The results show that the proposed controller can make the 4WIS-AGV track the trajectory with sharp edges and the circular trajectory very well.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicle,backstepping,controller design,four wheel independent steering
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and transport robots in flexible job shop environment using hybrid metaheuristics based on clustered holonic multiagent model	2016	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2016 Elsevier LtdIn real manufacturing environments, the control of some elements in systems based on robotic cells, such as transport robots has some difficulties when planning operations dynamically. The Flexible Job Shop scheduling Problem with Transportation times and Many Robots (FJSPT–MR) is a generalization of the classical Job Shop scheduling Problem (JSP) where a set of jobs have to be processed on a set of alternative machines and additionally have to be transported between them by several transport robots. Hence, the FJSPT–MR is more computationally difficult than the JSP presenting two NP-hard problems simultaneously: the flexible job shop scheduling problem and the robot routing problem. This paper proposes hybrid metaheuristics based on clustered holonic multiagent model for the FJSPT–MR. Firstly, a scheduler agent applies a Neighborhood-based Genetic Algorithm (NGA) for a global exploration of the search space. Secondly, a set of cluster agents uses a tabu search technique to guide the research in promising regions. Computational results are presented using three sets of benchmark literature instances. New upper bounds are found, showing the effectiveness of the presented approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	33	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Flexible job shop,Genetic algorithm,Holonic multiagent,Robots,Scheduling,Tabu search
Application of machine vision for the organization of robotic vehicle movement on the track	2016	International Journal of Pharmacy and Technology	2016, International Journal of Pharmacy and Technology. All rights reserved.This paper describes methods for image processing used in the building control systems of the motion robotics vehicle on track which can be used as part of warehouse management systems Automatic Guided Vehicle, and also as robots of service sphere and may be part of the safe city system. The control algorithms consists of the following steps: Image capture, Image enhancement, Image characteristics calculation, Contours detection, Classification. Trace detection has been tested using mobile robot on the track. The stage of the image capture is image digitizing with the further presentation in the matrix form. The improving of image quality is removing noise, sharpening, operation with the contrast, brightness, application of threshold transformations. To determine various objects at the images we calculate characteristics of the image: computing various characteristics, such as gradient, operators Laplace, Sobel, Canny. Using these characteristics the contour is determined and the found contours are classified. We used Hough transform for the classification of simple geometric objects.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Russian Federation	0	Biomedical Engineering,Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics (all)	Control,Machine vision,Mobile robot,Robotics,Track
Spatially-Temporal Interdependencies for the Aerial Ecosystem Identification	2016	Procedia Computer Science	2017 The Authors.Present research in Air Traffic Management (ATM) is going towards improvement of airspace capacity, accessibility and efficiency while reducing the management costs and increasing the safety performance indicators. A 4D contract between an Airspace User (AU) and Air Traffic Control, in which aircraft should be located at a given time on a particular waypoint, opens a wide scope of applications for decision support tools (DSTs). This paper introduces a new modeling approach for a smooth safety nets transition within the high en-route airspace operations. The approach is based on a causal state space search as a response to some shortages in the collision avoidance events, resulted from a limited logic of Traffic alert and Collision Avoidance System (TCAS). It considers Enhanced TCAS (E-TCAS) that relies on an extended time horizon at the separation management level to define functionalities that will provide the most optimal resolution trajectories and remove the deadlock scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	2	Computer Science (all)	Deadlock,Decision support tools,Ecosystem,Intersection point,Look-ahead time,State space analysis
Mechanical feasibility and decentralized control algorithms of small-scale, multi-directional transport modules	2016	Logistics Research	2016, The Author(s).In this paper, we describe a conveyor matrix consisting of small-scale, multi-directional transport modules that are considerably smaller than the transported packets. If a large number of these modules are combined into a matrix, the emerging network solves transport tasks through cooperation of the modules. The control of the system is decentralized: Each module has its own control and derives its actions only from its own sensor and received messages from neighboring modules. Both the mechanical feasibility of the modules and the control algorithms are presented. We show that collision-free routes can be planned by the decentralized controlled system. Lastly, we present the necessary algorithms to detect and prevent deadlocks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Deadlock prevention,Decentralized control,Distributed control,Intralogistics,Material handling,Multiagent systems,Warehousing
Design and implementation of a distributed part-routing algorithm for reconfigurable transportation systems	2016	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2015 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The reconfigurability feature represents an instrumental characteristic for manufacturing systems that are required to frequently adapt the architecture and functionalities to match evolving production environment where changes of product variants and demand volumes frequently occur. Transportation systems embrace a major industrial application of the reconfiguration concept. Reconfigurable transportation systems (RTSs) are conceived as multiple independent modules to implement alternative inbound logistic systems’ configurations. Together with mechatronic interfaces and distributed control solutions, the full exploitation of reconfigurability strategies for transportation systems relies upon flexible production management policies. This enables the dynamic computation of part routings in RTSs after every reconfiguration and change in the way transportation modules are exploited. The current work proposes an innovative agent-based algorithm that combines global and local optimisation criteria to manage the part flow in RTS. The proposed approach is designed as fully distributed across transportation modules; based on current RTS’ topology and status, it ensures the autonomy in selecting routing decisions while embracing global and local evolving optimisation strategies. The benefits of the approach have been investigated with reference to a set of realistic RTS topologies exhibiting different routing options, in order to assess the algorithm under different part-routing conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	8	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	auctioning algorithm,part routing,reconfigurable transportation system
Coordinated scheduling of intercell production and intercell transportation in the equipment manufacturing industry	2016	Engineering Optimization	2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Intercell moves are caused by exceptional parts which need to be processed in multiple cells. Intercell cooperation disrupts the cellular manufacturing philosophy of creating independent cells, but is essential to lower the costs for enterprises. This article addresses an intercell scheduling problem considering limited transportation capability. To solve this problem, a two-stage ant colony optimization approach is proposed, in which pre-scheduling and re-scheduling are performed sequentially. To evaluate and optimize the interaction of production and transportation, a transportation benefit function is presented, according to which the scheduling solutions are adjusted. The computational results show that the transportation benefit function is more effective than other strategies, and the proposed approach has significant advantages over CPLEX in both the production dimension and the transportation dimension.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	ant colony optimization,coordinated scheduling,intercell,manufacturing,transportation
Wireless Holon Network for job shop isoarchic control	2016	Computers in Industry	2016 Elsevier B.V.This work introduces a novel perspective in the field of Holonic Manufacturing Systems, based on wireless intelligent control of production systems. The presented control approach uses isoarchic control architecture and considers wireless sensor network technology as support for its implementation. A wireless holon network (WHN) is thus proposed. WHN is an instance of CPPS (Cyber-physical production systems). This allows decision-making capacities to each physical entity of the production system constituting a set of holons. These holons are connected entities of three types (Product, Resource or Order), that interact to bring out a collective intelligence. The formal models of the various holons are described as well as their exploitation via the wireless sensor network technology. An application to the internal logistics of a job shop is presented. A discussion focuses on organizational changes resulting from the exploitation of a WHN to highlight organizational implications of the operationalization of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	9	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	CPS,Embedded decisional intelligence,Holonic manufacturing system,Isoarchy,Organizational changes,Wireless holon network
Auction-based cooperation mechanism to parts scheduling for flexible job shop with inter-cells	2016	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2016 Elsevier B.V.This paper addresses cell part scheduling (CPS) problem. In this problem, parts may need to visit machines in different cells with consideration Inter-cell transportation time. The processing route of parts can be flexible. The objective is to minimize the overall process make-span. An integer nonlinear programming (INLP) model is formulated to determine the schedule scheme of all parts. An auction-based heuristic approach is proposed to solve it, which focuses on dealing with cooperation between different cells. In this approach, each cell can act as an auctioneer or a bidder. In an auction, it contains call for auction, bid construction, modify bids and winner announcement. A reference matrix is also applied in the auction to guarantee parts to finish as early as possible. Numerical experiments were conducted to test the auction-based approach. The results demonstrate the effectiveness, sensitivity and stability of the proposed auction-based approach, especially suitable for instances in large scale within a short calculating time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Software	Auction-based approach,Cell part scheduling,Cooperate mechanism,Flexible manufacturing
Differential evolution based meta-heuristic algorithm for dynamic continuous berth allocation problem	2016	Applied Mathematical Modelling	2016 Elsevier Inc.In this study, a new solution method based on differential evolution algorithm is proposed for solving Dynamic Berth Allocation Problem (DBAP). Continuous type of this problem which deals with continuous wharf space is considered. Differential evolution algorithm, a meta-heuristic approach, is a type of evolutionary algorithm that is powerful on continuous space problems. In determining the optimal values for this meta-heuristic approach, a statistical analysis is conducted. The test problems generated randomly are used to evaluate the algorithm and the schedules generated by the algorithm are compared with that obtained by other meta-heuristics initials from literature, and analyzed. The results show that the proposed method solves test problems and achieves optimal solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	13	Modeling and Simulation,Applied Mathematics	Continuous wharf,Differential evolution algorithm,Dynamic berth allocation problem
Complexity of line-seru conversion for different scheduling rules and two improved exact algorithms for the multi-objective optimization	2016	SpringerPlus	2016, The Author(s).Productivity can be greatly improved by converting the traditional assembly line to a seru system, especially in the business environment with short product life cycles, uncertain product types and fluctuating production volumes. Line-seru conversion includes two decision processes, i.e., seru formation and seru load. For simplicity, however, previous studies focus on the seru formation with a given scheduling rule in seru load. We select ten scheduling rules usually used in seru load to investigate the influence of different scheduling rules on the performance of line-seru conversion. Moreover, we clarify the complexities of line-seru conversion for ten different scheduling rules from the theoretical perspective. In addition, multi-objective decisions are often used in line-seru conversion. To obtain Pareto-optimal solutions of multi-objective line-seru conversion, we develop two improved exact algorithms based on reducing time complexity and space complexity respectively. Compared with the enumeration based on non-dominated sorting to solve multi-objective problem, the two improved exact algorithms saves computation time greatly. Several numerical simulation experiments are performed to show the performance improvement brought by the two proposed exact algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Multidisciplinary	Exact algorithm,Manufacturing,Scheduling rule,Space complexity,Time complexity
Motion planning for mobile robots	2016	IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine	2016 IEEE.A motion planner for mobile robots is commonly built out of a number of algorithms that solve the two steps of motion planning: 1) representing the robot and its environment and 2) searching a path through the represented environment. However, the available literature on motion planning lacks a generic methodology to arrive at a combination of representations and search algorithm classes for a practical application. This article presents a method to select appropriate algorithm classes that solve both the steps of motion planning and to select a suitable approach to combine those algorithm classes. The method is verified by comparing its outcome with three different motion planners that have been successfully applied on robots in practice.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Intelligent Forecasting Using Dead Reckoning with Dynamic Errors	2016	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.A method for integrating, processing, and analyzing sensing data from vehicle-mounted sensors for intelligent forecasting and decision-making is introduced. This dead reckoning with dynamic errors (DRWDEs) is for a large-scale integration of distributed resources and sensing data intervehicle collision avoidance system. This sensor fusion algorithm is introduced to predict the future trajectory of a vehicle. Current systems that predict a vehicle's future trajectory, necessary in a network of collision avoidance systems, tend to have a lot of errors when the vehicles are moving in a nonstraight path. Our system has been designed with the objective of improving the estimations during curves. To evaluate this system, our research uses a Garmin 16HVS GPS sensor, an AutoEnginuity OBDII ScanTool, and a Crossbow three-axis accelerometer. Using Kalman filters (KFs), a dynamic noise covariance matrix merged together with an interacting multiple models (IMMs) system, our DRWDE produces the future position estimation of where the vehicle will be 3 s later in time. The ability to handle the change in noise, depending on unavailable sensor measurements, permits a flexibility to use any type of sensor and still have the system run at the fastest frequency available. Compared with a more common KF implementation that runs at the rate of its slowest sensor (1 Hz in our setup), our experimental results showed that our DRWDE (running at 10 Hz) yielded more accurate predictions (25%-50% improvement) during abrupt changes in the heading of the vehicle.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Collision avoidance,course correction,dead reckoning,global positioning system,Kalman filters,road vehicles,sensor fusion
Integration of process planning and scheduling using chaotic particle swarm optimization algorithm	2016	Expert Systems with Applications	2016 Elsevier LtdProcess planning and scheduling are two of the most important manufacturing functions traditionally performed separately and sequentially. These functions being complementary and interrelated, their integration is essential for the optimal utilization of manufacturing resources. Such integration is also significant for improving the performance of the modern manufacturing system. A variety of alternative manufacturing resources (machine tools, cutting tools, tool access directions, etc.) causes integrated process planning and scheduling (IPPS) problem to be strongly NP-hard (non deterministic polynomial) in terms of combinatorial optimization. Therefore, an optimal solution for the problem is searched in a vast search space. In order to explore the search space comprehensively and avoid being trapped into local optima, this paper focuses on using the method based on the particle swarm optimization algorithm and chaos theory (cPSO). The initial solutions for the IPPS problem are presented in the form of the particles of cPSO algorithm. The particle encoding/decoding scheme is also proposed in this paper. Flexible process and scheduling plans are presented using AND/OR network and five flexibility types: machine, tool, tool access direction (TAD), process, and sequence flexibility. Optimal process plans are obtained by multi-objective optimization of production time and production cost. On the other hand, optimal scheduling plans are generated based on three objective functions: makespan, balanced level of machine utilization, and mean flow time. The proposed cPSO algorithm is implemented in Matlab environment and verified extensively using five experimental studies. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm outperforms genetic algorithm (GA), simulated annealing (SA) based approach, and hybrid algorithm. Moreover, the scheduling plans obtained by the proposed methodology are additionally tested by Khepera II mobile robot using a laboratory model of manufacturing environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	35	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Chaos theory,Integrated process planning and scheduling,Mobile robot,Particle swarm optimization,Process planning,Scheduling
Multi-agent-based hierarchical collaborative scheduling in re-entrant manufacturing systems	2016	International Journal of Production Research	2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Production scheduling problems in re-entrant manufacturing systems are complex due to their features of large-scale complexity, unbalanced workload and dynamic uncertainty. The aim of this paper is thus to develop an effective way of formulating production schedules for designing RMSs. First, a multi-agent-based hierarchical collaborative system consisting of a system layer, a machine layer, and a material handling device layer is developed to improve the efficiency of RMSs. The objective of the system layer is to maximise the total processing profit, and the objective of the machine layer is to determine the winning bid. Second, a contract net protocol scheduling algorithm is applied to solve capacity planning problems for key machine groups in the system layer. Third, a generalised partial global planning-contract net collaborative mechanism is adopted to allocate tasks to machines within each machine group in the machine layer. Finally, the performance of the proposed approach is validated through a case study, and the results demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the first-come first-serve rule in combination with the minimised batch size rule in terms of daily movement and machine utilisation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	contract net protocol,generalised partial global planning – contract net,multi-agent systems,re-entrant manufacturing system,scheduling
Solving a mathematical model integrating unequal-area facilities layout and part scheduling in a cellular manufacturing system by a genetic algorithm	2016	SpringerPlus	2016, The Author(s).In this article, a novel integrated mixed-integer nonlinear programming model is presented for designing a cellular manufacturing system (CMS) considering machine layout and part scheduling problems simultaneously as interrelated decisions. The integrated CMS model is formulated to incorporate several design features including part due date, material handling time, operation sequence, processing time, an intra-cell layout of unequal-area facilities, and part scheduling. The objective function is to minimize makespan, tardiness penalties, and material handling costs of inter-cell and intra-cell movements. Two numerical examples are solved by the Lingo software to illustrate the results obtained by the incorporated features. In order to assess the effects and importance of integration of machine layout and part scheduling in designing a CMS, two approaches, sequentially and concurrent are investigated and the improvement resulted from a concurrent approach is revealed. Also, due to the NP-hardness of the integrated model, an efficient genetic algorithm is designed. As a consequence, computational results of this study indicate that the best solutions found by GA are better than the solutions found by B&B in much less time for both sequential and concurrent approaches. Moreover, the comparisons between the objective function values (OFVs) obtained by sequential and concurrent approaches demonstrate that the OFV improvement is averagely around 17 % by GA and 14 % by B&B.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	10	Multidisciplinary	Cellular manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Machine layout,Mixed-integer nonlinear programming,Part scheduling
Identification from step response – The integral equation approach	2016	Canadian Journal of Chemical Engineering	2016 Canadian Society for Chemical EngineeringAn overview of identification of continuous-time models from step responses using the integral equation approach is presented. Both open loop and closed loop identification as well as identification of multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) models are considered. Solutions to practical implementation problems are provided and methods for identification with transient initial conditions using raw data as well as estimation algorithms in the presence of disturbances are outlined. The methodologies are presented in a simplified way using the example of a first order model; however, the algorithms are applicable for models with higher orders. Solution techniques for the estimation equations are also discussed. Identification results under different experimental conditions and data quality are presented to demonstrate the performance of the algorithms. A number of experimental and simulation examples are presented to demonstrate the applicability of the approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	4	Chemical Engineering (all)	mathematical modelling,process control,process systems engineering,system identification
Generic 3D obstacle detection for AGVs using time-of-flight cameras	2016	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2016 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are useful for a variety of transportation tasks. They usually detect obstacles on the path they are following using 2D laser scanners. If an AGV should be deployed in a shared space with people, 3D information has to be considered as well to detect unforeseen obstacles. These can be small objects on the floor or overhanging parts of larger objects, which cannot be seen by the standard 2D safety scanners. We propose a generic object detection pipeline using 3D time-of-flight cameras, that can be used in real-time on AGVs of low height and demonstrate its robustness to different measurement artefacts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Hierarchical coordination strategy for multi-AGV systems based on dynamic geodesic environment partitioning	2016	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2016 IEEE.In this paper we consider the problem of coordinating the motion of a group of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) utilized in industrial environments for logistics operations. In particular, we consider a hierarchical coordination strategy, where the environment is partitioned into sectors: coordination on the top layer defines the sequence of sectors to be traveled, while coordination on the bottom layer deals with traffic management inside each sector. In this paper we introduce a novel partitioning algorithm, that defines the sectors in a dynamic manner, taking into account both the shape of the (generally non-convex) environment, and the current distribution of the AGVs. This is achieved exploiting a clustering algorithm, and subsequently defining the sectors based on the geodesic distance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Pose graph optimization with hierarchical conditionally independent graph partitioning	2016	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2016 IEEE.In this paper, we propose a hierarchical pose graph optimization algorithm, which hierarchically divides a large pose graph into subgraphs and solves the optimization problem for each subgraph independently. Applying a modified graph partitioning algorithm, normalized cut, the original graph could be partitioned into subgraphs, which are conditionally independent on a set of key nodes. A modified normalized cut algorithm is applied to automatically partition a pose graph into several subgraphs, which are independent on each other when conditioned on a small number of keynodes. Preserving keynodes only, a simplified upper level graph is generated by a pose graph sparsification algorithm. Given the optimization results of all keynodes, which are obtained by solving the upper level graph, each subgraph in the lower level can be solved efficiently without concerning other subgraphs. The scale of each optimization is limited during graph partitioning. Therefore, the efficiency of the optimization is improved. Experiments with both public standard datasets and a dataset collected by an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) system are conducted to test our algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Sliding mode genetic control algorithm for variable pump driving variable motor	2016	AUS 2016 - 2016 IEEE/CSAA International Conference on Aircraft Utility Systems	2016 IEEE.Variable pump driving variable motor (VPDVM) is an essentially nonlinear system with dual-input single-output and coupling. Regular control algorithms are difficult to achieve approving control effects on this kind of system. In this paper, the sliding mode genetic control algorithm is proposed for VPDVM. The algorithm mainly aims at solving problems of nonlinearity and unable-decoupling of VPDVM. First, the mathematical model of VPDVM is established. Secondly, as the model raised above has multiplying nonlinearity including the output variable, this nonlinear model is then linearized by feedback linearization theory. Finally, the sliding mode genetic control algorithm is presented to achieve the rapid motor response of VPDVM. Simulation results demonstrate that the algorithm proposed can implement the desired rapid control on VPDVM, and the performances are better than relative regular control methods. What's more, it's worth to notice that the algorithm can achieve good performance without knowing the gradient of VPDVM model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Optimization,Aerospace Engineering	None
Gliding path planning and tracking based on airdropping zone terrain model for precision airdrop system	2016	AUS 2016 - 2016 IEEE/CSAA International Conference on Aircraft Utility Systems	2016 IEEE.Autonomous guided airdrop systems based on ram-Air parafoils have been addressed to obtain the precision and accuracy of airdropped payload delivery, which has been studied as a two-body system, with flexible structure and 9 degrees of freedom (DOF). The gliding path of parafoil-payload system is directly affected by airdropping zone terrain model, which can be simplified and employed to generate the 3D trajectory. The scheme for tracking the trajectory can be developed to accurately control the lateral-directional yaw angle, which is based on adaptive neural network used to identify online the dynamic error is specified to design the command-Tracking controller. It is to demonstrate a simple and effective way of incorporating artificial intelligence into the autonomous control to compensate for system modelling error and external disturbance, which could not only improve the robustness of the system further, but also improve the tracking precision in the process of adaptive parameters converging. Airdrop test results show that the proposed scheme can track the heading angle command with adorable precision.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Aerospace Engineering	None
A pre-dispatching vehicle method for a diffusion area in a 300 mm wafer fab	2016	Journal of Industrial and Production Engineering	2016 Chinese Institute of Industrial Engineers.A pre-dispatching vehicle (PDV) method is proposed in this paper to improve transport performance for a diffusion area in a 300 mm wafer fabrication. The increase in demand for ultra-clean areas in semiconductor fabrication has raised the need for a more efficient automated material handling system (AMHS). A furnace tool has a long processing time of 6–12 h, thus making its operation a form-batch manufacturing step. With this application, wafer lots are stored in stockers, and delivery to furnace tools for processing is executed when the work-in-process level reaches four to six lots. Unlike current methods, where empty vehicles are sequentially dispatched for movement to load ports, the PDV method simultaneously calls several empty vehicles to move to a load port for executing transport jobs with the goal of shortening vehicle waiting time. A discrete event simulation model based on eM-Plant has been established. A simulation analysis of an AMHS for a diffusion area is conducted in detail. The results demonstrate the superiority of proposed PDV method, which substantially improves AMHS transport performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS,diffusion,form-batch manufacturing,per-dispatching,simulation
Robot and machine scheduling with state-dependent part input sequencing in flexible manufacturing systems	2016	International Journal of Production Research	2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In competitive global markets, it is important to meet customer demands on multiple priorities such as price, quality, customisation and quick delivery. This paper investigates the problems of part input sequencing and scheduling in flexible manufacturing systems in a mass customisation/mass personalisation (MC/MP) environment. Both robot and machine scheduling rules using a state-dependent part input sequencing algorithm are investigated. Simulation experiments and statistical analyses are carried out. Effective rules are identified. The results show interactions between robot scheduling and machine scheduling in the MC/MP environment. Further research suggestions are provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	dispatching,FMS simulation,mass customisation,mass personalisation
A 3D approach to infrastructure-free localization in large scale warehouse environments	2016	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2016 IEEE.In this paper, we present a method for infrastructure-free localization of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in a warehouse environment. To accomplish this, our approach leverages 3D data for both mapping and feature segmentation. First, a 3D reconstruction of the warehouse is created to extract salient natural features-in this case the shelving uprights-as landmarks. Next, the map-based localization approach leverages 3D LIDAR to enable 3D feature-to-landmark matching which minimizes the potential for data association errors. In our experiments in a representative warehouse environment, we demonstrated a localization accuracy of approximately 2cm without the use of retroreflector targets. Furthermore, 100% of visible landmarks were detected and there were no false positives.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A colored Petri Net for stock trading signal detection	2016	2016 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, CEC 2016	2016 IEEE.Stock trading investment is an important method for investors in financial market. Most researches focus on the precise price prediction; however, how to determine the trading points are more practical than getting the price predicted. This paper proposes a novel approach using Colored Petri Net to discover the relationships between various technical indicators, and exposing the trading rules of trading signals hidden in historical data. Experiment results show that we can obtain a considerable return on investment by using our proposed trading signals detection methodology.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	Colored Petri Net,Data mining,Stock trading signals,Technical analysis
Critical stages and their identification in large scale automated manufacturing systems via Petri nets	2016	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2016 IEEE.An automated manufacturing system (AMS) is constituted by numerous, whether sequential or parallel, processes interconnected via a limited number of shared resources. With critical stages as pivots, any monolithic AMS can be partitioned into interacted subsystems. For each of them, there is always an expectation to produce an optimal trajectory in terms of a sequence of events, leading it from the assumptive stating point to the designated destination. The interaction among all subsystems can be resorted to the shared resources, which can be assumed as a quite simple vector, updating the coordinator in a timely manner. Two process structures, i.e., sequential and parallel processes, are formulated in the context of Petri net theory. The former models stages with only precedence relationships whereas the latter models stages with concurrency relationships. Then, the distributed algorithms are developed for such systems with the aid of identified critical places. As a consequence, our research results in a distributed control strategy, polynomial in its complexity and adaptable for realtime control. Sequential and parallel processes as well as their combinations are allowed in the processes of each plant model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated manufacturing systems,distributed control,Liveness enforcing supervision,Petri nets,supervisor synthesis
Evolutionary support vector machines: A dual approach	2016	2016 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, CEC 2016	2016 IEEE.A theoretical advantage of large margin classifiers such as Support Vector Machines (SVM) concerns the empirical and structural risk minimization which balances the model complexity against its success at fitting the training data. Metaheuristics have been used in order to select features, to tune hyperparameters or even to achieve a reduced-set of support vectors for SVM. Although these tasks are interesting, metaheuristics do not play an important role in the process of solving the dual quadratic optimization problem, which arises from Support Vector Machines. Well-known methods such as, Sequential Minimal Optimization, Kernel Adatron and classical mathematical methods have been applied with this goal. In this paper, we propose the use of Genetic Algorithms to solve such quadratic optimization problem. Our proposal is promising when compared with those aforementioned methods because it does not need complex mathematical calculations and, indeed, the problem is solved in an astonishingly straightforward way. To achieve this goal, we successfully model an instance of Genetic Algorithms to handle the dual optimization problem and its constraints in order to obtain the Lagrange multipliers as well as the bias for the decision function.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	6	Artificial Intelligence,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
A novel trajectory tracking control of AGV based on Udwadia-Kalaba approach	2016	IEEE/CAA Journal of Automatica Sinica	IEEESeveral control approaches have been used in order to achieve the trajectory tracking control of automated guided vehicle (AGV). But they are all based on the D'Alembert principle which requires to determine the Lagrangian multipliers. Unlike those control methods, in this paper, a novel approach of trajectory tracking control is presented, which is based on Udwadia-Kalaba approach. This approach presents a novel, concise and explicit equation of motion for constrained mechanical systems with holonomic and/or nonholonomic constraints as well as constraints that may be ideal or non-ideal. The Udwadia-Kalaba equation is uncoupled and free from the Lagrangian multipliers. In this paper, we classify constraints into structural constraints and performance constraints. Structural constraints are set up regardless of trajectory control and we use structural constraints to establish the dynamic model. Then the desired trajectory is set as performance constraints and constraint torques are solved by analyzing Udwadia-Kalaba equation. For AGV, a nonholonomic mechanical system, second-order constraints are used to get constraint forces and the numerical simulation is conducted by using Matlab. The results show that the AGV's movement meets the requirement and the tracking trajectory is exact and perfect. Compared with other approaches, this approach requires very little computation. Through two cases of tracking a circle and a line, how to use Udwadia-Kalaba equation to realize trajectory tracking control is shown in detail.	Journal	j	ip	Article in Press	China	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Force,Mathematical model,Mechanical systems,Trajectory,Turning,Wheels
Fault tolerant autonomous robots using mission performance guided resources allocation	2016	Conference on Control and Fault-Tolerant Systems, SysTol	2016 IEEE.Real long-term, complex and autonomous mission is still a challenge for robotics. This paper presents an efficient approach enhancing the robot with fault tolerance. It uses performance viewpoints to guide hardware and software resources allocation all along the mission according to faults effects and detection. Simulated and experimental results are proposed and analyzed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Vision-based range finder for automated guided vehicle navigation	2016	Proceedings of IEEE Workshop on Advanced Robotics and its Social Impacts, ARSO	2016 IEEE.Automated guided vehicle (AGV) plays an important role in modern factory automation. One basic guidance methodology, magnetic tape guidance has been widely utilized in most AGV systems for more than 20 years. However, in order to adopt the flexible production line changeover, free-ranging AGV is on-demand increasingly. In this study, a vision-based range finder, which includes a line-shaped laser transmitter and image sensor is designed and implemented for AGV navigation. The line-shaped laser transmitter transmits a line-shaped laser, and the image sensor senses the line-shaped laser to output a line-shaped laser image. The distance between object and range finder is estimated according the height position of laser line in line-shaped laser image. The experimental results show that the AGV integrated with the proposed vision-based range finder is able to navigate in a constructed hospital environment. The average location error is less than 1%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A study of time-varying cost parameter estimation methods in automated transportation systems based on mobile robots	2016	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2016 IEEE.Efficient control of systems based on automated guided vehicles requires accurate estimation of cost parameters such as speed, energy, task completion performance, et cetera. These parameters change along time, particularly in battery-operated robots. This work addresses the problem of on-line cost parameter identification and estimation which will be beneficial for proper control decisions of the individual mobile robots and for the system as a whole. Several filtering and estimation methods have been investigated with respect to travelling times, as they are considered key cost parameters. Results show that these parameters depend on the robot, the route and the moment, so they are linked to a particular robot, a region of the floor and a time period (or to a battery level). In fact, differences with static, pre-runtime travelling time computations, either heuristically or by characterization of real robots, are large enough to affect system's performance and overall productivity and efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automated Guided Vehicles,Automated Manufacturing,Cost Parameter Estimation,Internal transportation Systems,Mobile Robots,Multi-Agent Systems,Multi-Robot Systems
An architecture based on IoT and CPS to organize and locate services	2016	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2016 IEEE.The fourth Industrial Revolution, also called Industry 4.0 (I4.0), has been increasing the expectation around productive systems. It is a new concept that has been changing the view and the value chain of enterprises. The I4.0 comprise the smart factory, bringing the emerging concepts of Internet of Things (IoT) and cyber-physical system (CPS) into manufacturing processes in a way to enable the design and creation of smart products, procedures and processes. Although, this scenario needs more investigation by the research and development fields, especially for architectures to guide the I4.0 implementation, mainly because it is in an initial stage and requires a comprehensive understanding to become a consolidated environment. The overall aim of this research is the presentation of an architecture based on IoT and CPS focused on I4.0. The proposal is centered on a hierarchical organization of services to contribute to the communication between machines and products so that products can be automatically guided in the manufacturing processes.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	11	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Cyber-Physical Systems,Industry 4.0,Internet of Things,Productive System,Smart Factory
A simulation-optimisation study for comparison of new logistics systems at le Havre Port	2016	Proceedings of the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Logistics Operations Management, GOL 2016	2016 IEEE.This paper presents a comparison of two logistic systems including an intermediate platform for the collection and delivery of containers with the maritime container terminals in Le Havre Port area. The first one uses a conventional operational organization of a set of rail shuttles. The second one SFM ('Service Ferroviaire Modulaire': modular rail service) is based on the first but with teleoperated railcars able to make local maneuvers in maritime terminals and in logistical centers without requiring a locomotive. We built a simulation model representing the whole system. Several scenarios and management rules are developed with an integrated optimization modules are used to find the correct values of exploitation parameters. The results are reported and analyzed to highlight the efficiency of each logistics system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	container terminal,logistics,multimodal,optimisation,performance,Simulation
A literature review on the full trackload vehicle routing problems	2016	Proceedings of the 3rd IEEE International Conference on Logistics Operations Management, GOL 2016	2016 IEEE.This article presents a literature review of the full truckload vehicle routing problem (FTVRP). In this problem, each vehicle can serve only one order at a time; thereafter, the delivery must be completed before the next request. Our review has considered some papers published between 1983 and 2015 and their classification was based on two main areas: First, the issue discussed with encountered business constraints and the obvious applications in industry. Second, the solution methods, both exact and approached (heuristics and metaheuristics). Some lines for further works are presented as well.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Morocco	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Approached methods,Classification,Exact methods,Full truckload,Survey,Vehicle routing
Tracer robot with a proportional control	2016	MM Science Journal	2016, MM publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.The paper deals with the analysis of the proportional control of a discrete process in a transport robot model. The issue was addressed by determination of relationships between individual external and internal variables and parameters of the process. The gained results provide abetter understanding of the relations which will lead to better results in bigger and more complex processes. Such results can be used in above mentioned algorithms programming for the automatic guided vehicles (AGV) used for logistic purposes and for manipulating with specific materials.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Algorithm,PID,Proportional control,Tracer robot
SVM-based real-time scheduling approach of multi-load carries	2016	Jilin Daxue Xuebao (Gongxueban)/Journal of Jilin University (Engineering and Technology Edition)	2016, Editorial Board of Jilin University. All right reserved.To tackle the real-time scheduling problem of multi-load carriers in automobile assembly lines, a real-time scheduling approach was proposed based on Support Vector Machine (SVM). First, the real-time scheduling problem of multi-load carriers is formally described, and an objective function of assembly line output and the delivery distance is set up. Then, samples are generated by the simulation of the assembly line with material handling system to train an SVM model offline. Finally, the trained SVM model is used in the real-time scheduling process to make “wait” or “deliver” decisions. Experimental results indicate that the proposed approach outperforms the Minimum Batch Size (MBS) approach. It runs fast, performs well and to some degree adapts to the changes in the dynamic environment. It can be effectively used to improve the real-time scheduling of multi-load carries.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Multidisciplinary	Artificial intelligence,Material handling,Multiple-load carriers,Real-time scheduling,Support vector machine (SVM)
Optimization of ship loading operations in the context of containers arriving randomly with truck-to-ship	2016	Dalian Haishi Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Dalian Maritime University	2016, Editorial Office of Journal of Dalian Maritime University. All right reserved.For the characteristics of outbound containers being transported to the terminal randomly, the operation mode of truck-to-ship (namely the external trucks send the containers directly to ship) for the follow-up arrived containers was suggested. A model was established to optimize the loading sequence with the objective to maximize the amount of truck-to-ship subject to balancing the waiting cost of the external trucks as well as the unloading/loading and relay transport cost of the follow-up arrived containers. For the numerical examination, the model was solved by using heuristic algorithm based on the data collected in Jinzhou port. Results show that the yard cost of the outbound containers can be saved obviously and the terminal efficiency will increase by the truck-to-ship mode for the follow-up arrived containers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (miscellaneous),Ocean Engineering	Container terminal,Randomly delivery,Truck-to-ship,Unloading/loading cost,Waiting cost
Logic-based Benders decomposition for planning and scheduling: A computational analysis	2016	Knowledge Engineering Review	2016 Cambridge University Press.Logic-based Benders decomposition (LBBD) has improved the state of the art for solving a variety of planning and scheduling problems, in part by combining the complementary strengths of constraint programming and mixed integer programming (MIP). We undertake a computational analysis of specific factors that contribute to the success of LBBD, to provide guidance for future implementations. We study a problem class that assign tasks to multiple resources and poses a cumulative scheduling problem on each resource. We find that LBBD is at least 1000 times faster than state-of-the-art MIP on larger instances, despite recent advances in the latter. Further, we conclude that LBBD is most effective when the planning and scheduling aspects of the problem are roughly balanced in difficulty. The most effective device for improving LBBD is the inclusion of a subproblem relaxation in the master problem. The strengthening of Benders cuts also plays an important role when the master and subproblem complexity are properly balanced. These findings suggest future research directions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	6	Software,Artificial Intelligence	None
Using Professional Resources for Teaching Embedded SW Development	2016	Revista Iberoamericana de Tecnologias del Aprendizaje	2013 IEEE.In order to prepare the students for their future professional performance, it is necessary to propose complex and realistic practical activities. However, in order to be carried out, this kind of activities typically requires a considerable amount of time, resources, and collateral knowledge. To overcome these difficulties, this paper presents a subject in a Telecommunication Engineering Degree, taught making use of different professional materials. By using these materials, it is easier to transmit information to the students through case-study methodologies. In addition, their use simplifies the preparation of problems and complex projects without generating the perception that the problems proposed are mostly resolved thanks to teaching help instead of student's performance. To demonstrate these ideas, this paper focuses on three experiences covered by the subject: one based on the use of Web resources, one using information from a professional design contest, and the last one focused on technical datasheets and application notes. These experiences have been selected in order to achieve an adequate degree of difficulty and to be attractive for students.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	5	Education,Engineering (all)	Competences,datasheets,design contest,embedded systems education,technical documents
Optimal berth allocation, time-variant quay crane assignment and scheduling with crane setups in container terminals	2016	European Journal of Operational Research	2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.There has been a dramatic increase in world's container traffic during the last thirty years. As a consequence, the efficient management of container terminals has become a crucial issue. In this work we concentrate on the integrated seaside operations, namely the integration of berth allocation, quay crane assignment and quay crane scheduling problems. First, we formulate a mixed-integer linear program whose exact solution gives optimal berthing positions and berthing times of the vessels, along with their crane schedules during their stay at the quay. Then, we propose an efficient cutting plane algorithm based on a decomposition scheme. Our approach deals with berthing positions of the vessels and their assigned number of cranes in each time period in a master problem, and seeks the corresponding optimal crane schedule by solving a subproblem. We prove that the crane scheduling subproblem is NP-complete under general cost settings, but can be solved in polynomial time for certain special cases. Our computational study shows that our new formulation and proposed solution method yield optimal solutions for realistic-sized instances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	31	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Berth allocation,Container terminal management,Crane assignment,Crane scheduling,Integer programming
TIMSPAT – Reachability graph search-based optimization tool for colored Petri net-based scheduling	2016	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2016 Elsevier LtdThe combination of Petri net (PN) modeling with AI-based heuristic search (HS) algorithms (PNHS) has been successfully applied as an integrated approach to deal with scheduling problems that can be transformed into a search problem in the reachability graph. While several efficient HS algorithms have been proposed albeit using timed PN, the practical application of these algorithms requires an appropriate tool to facilitate its development and analysis. However, there is a lack of tool support for the optimization of timed colored PN (TCPN) models based on the PNHS approach for schedule generation. Because of its complex data structure, TCPN-based scheduling has often been limited to simulation-based performance analysis only. Also, it is quite difficult to evaluate the strength and tractability of algorithms for different scheduling scenarios due to the different computing platforms, programming languages and data structures employed. In this light, this paper presents a new tool called TIMSPAT, developed to overcome the shortcomings of existing tools. Some features that distinguish this tool are the collection of several HS algorithms, XML-based model integration, the event-driven exploration of the timed state space including its condensed variant, localized enabling of transitions, the introduction of static place, and the easy-to-use syntax statements. The tool is easily extensible and can be integrated as a component into existing PN simulators and software environments. A comparative study is performed on a real-world eyeglass production system to demonstrate the application of the tool for scheduling purposes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	8	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Colored Petri net,Discrete event system,Flexible manufacturing system,Heuristic search,Reachability graph,Scheduling,Simulation
Approximating behavioral equivalence for scaling solutions of I-DIDs	2016	Knowledge and Information Systems	2015, Springer-Verlag London.Interactive dynamic influence diagram (I-DID) is a recognized graphical framework for sequential multiagent decision making under uncertainty. I-DIDs concisely represent the problem of how an individual agent should act in an uncertain environment shared with others of unknown types. I-DIDs face the challenge of solving a large number of models that are ascribed to other agents. A known method for solving I-DIDs is to group models of other agents that are behaviorally equivalent. Identifying model equivalence requires solving models and comparing their solutions generally represented as policy trees. Because the trees grow exponentially with the number of decision time steps, comparing entire policy trees becomes intractable, thereby limiting the scalability of previous I-DID techniques. In this article, our specific approaches focus on utilizing partial policy trees for comparison and determining the distance between updated beliefs at the leaves of the trees. We propose a principled way to determine how much of the policy trees to consider, which trades off solution quality for efficiency. We further improve on this technique by allowing the partial policy trees to have paths of differing lengths. We evaluate these approaches in multiple problem domains and demonstrate significantly improved scalability over previous approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Artificial Intelligence	Behavioral equivalence,Decision making,Influence diagrams,Multiagent systems
Automated guided vehicle(AGV) for industrial sector	2016	Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Control, ISCO 2016	2016 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is the future drift that provides unmanned transportation-that transports all kinds of products without human intervention in production, logistic, warehouse and distribution environments. The key pro of AGV is that they can operate as a standalone system with higher efficiency. The proposed work has a predominant feature of AGV in which the EPROM is used for holding the data. Taking up the advantage of EPROM (non volatile), the robot can retain and progress with their current execution even when the system comes back to the powered state after a period of power loss at crisis conditions. The AGV's serves many of the industries with greater efficacy compared to the manual functioning. The AGV is implemented using ATMEGA 328 controller which has a remarkable EPROM compared to other controllers. The controller is being assisted by the ultrasonic sensor that enables the obstacle detection capability in the bot. The AGV can be further promoted to the elevation of automation by its artificial intelligence that is being controlled by Bluetooth / Wi-Fi.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	ATMEGA 328 Controller,Bluetooth,EPROM,ultra sonic sensor
Decentralized job creation and allocation for AGVs Dezentrale auftragserzeugung und vergabe für FTF	2016	Logistics Journal	2016 Logistics Journal.KARIS PRO is a modular, decentralized controlled automated guided vehicle system. There is no need for a central master controller as both the warehouse management and the job management is carried out by the vehicles. In this article, we present two of the required components, a decentralized job creation system and a decentralized job allocation system. As the vehicles also carry out the warehouse management, the decentralized job creation system is able to derive jobs from the distribution of stock within the warehouse. It can create jobs without a prior teaching of transport connections between transfer points. This provides additional flexibility in layout changes, because adding, removing, altering or loss of a transfer point does not require a change of transport connections of connected transfer points.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	3	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Conveying system,Decentralized control,Job allocation,Job management
Optimization of Manufacturing Systems Using the Internet of Things	2016	Optimization of Manufacturing Systems Using the Internet of Things	2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.Optimization of Manufacturing Systems Using the Internet of Things extends the IoT (Internet of Things) into the manufacturing field to develop an IoMT (Internet of Manufacturing Things) architecture with real-time traceability, visibility, and interoperability in production planning, execution, and control. This book is essential reading for anyone interested in the optimization and control of an intelligent manufacturing system. As modern manufacturing shop-floors can create bottlenecks in the capturing and collection of real-time field information, and because paper-based manual systems are time-consuming and prone to errors, this book helps readers understand how to alleviate these issues, assisting them in their decision-making on shop-floors. Includes case studies in implementing IoTs for data acquisition, monitoring, and assembly in manufacturing. Helps manufacturers to tackle the growing complexities and uncertainties of manufacturing systems in globalized business environments. Acts as an introduction to using IoT for readers across industrial and manufacturing engineering.	Book	b	bk	Book	China	6	Engineering (all)	None
A Fuzzy PID controller applied in AGV control system	2016	ICARM 2016 - 2016 International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Mechatronics	2016 IEEE.With the rapid progress in science and technology, intelligent AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) is more and more popular in industrial automation. However, since it is very difficult for the traditional proportional-integral-derivative (PID) to strike a balance between the static and dynamic performance of system. In order to make AGV control system more smooth and stable, a fuzzy PID controller to improve the performance of traditional PID control is applied in such system in this paper. Of course, since there are some noise in the physical recognition system, the Kalman filter is also used to reduce the effect of noise. Firstly, on the base of the fuzzy control principle, a fuzzy PID controller is designed, which includes fuzzy language variables, membership function and fuzzy control rules. Secondly, the output fuzzy values through fuzzification, fuzzy control rule and fuzzy decision are fed into conventional PID control system. Thirdly, through the establishment of AGV model, the Kalman filter is utilized to predict the pose of AGV at the next moment by filtering the recognition noise. Finally, simulation results shows its improvement over the conventional PID controller in AGV control system and experiment results of Fuzzy PID with Kalman filter are also given to testify the advantage of the new algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Health (social science),Control and Optimization	None
Automatic recognition about Pallet based on tracking algorithm of ladar and SLAM	2016	ICARM 2016 - 2016 International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Mechatronics	2016 IEEE.In order to improve the recognition accuracy of AGV on the pallet and the whole AGV system efficiency, using the new methods and combined methods is very necessary. With the increase in the amount of business process and business types, moreover, barcode technology has become increasingly prominent disadvantages. This paper introduces a new pallet identification method based on laser radar algorithm and SLAM algorithm. This new method combines the Laser triangulation principle, linear light range measurement principle and monocular vision with two-dimension code scanning technology, and the efficiency and the precision are improved greatly.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Health (social science),Control and Optimization	monocular vision,pallet,SLAM,tracking algorithm of ladar
Automated Guided Car (AGC) for industrial automation	2016	1st International Conference on Emerging Trends in Engineering, Technology and Science, ICETETS 2016 - Proceedings	2016 IEEE.In many companies, it is popular on the use Automated Guided Vehicles for transporting materials, loading and unloading goods and also used as tuggers especially in the manufacturing and Exporting unit. We are using these kinds of Automated Guided Vehicle only for material transportation. But for the supervisors and HR managers, even suppliers and buyers are all have to use Battery Car for visiting the industry which is controlled by human. Now a day's automation enters into almost all fields including hospitals to industries. Our main concern is to introduce automation in almost all fields of industry. So our paper is to propose an unmanned battery car which runs automatically without help of driver and it is commonly known as Automated Guided Car. In this Automated Guided Car the constructional and operational map of the industry is preloaded. So by just selecting a place or location of the unit in the industry, AGC will automatically Guides us to selected spot on its own. This AGC are capable of sensing their environment, navigating and fulfill the human needs. It has also has the capability to explain the basics of operations of each and every unit while crossing that particular unit which are preloaded in it.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Hardware and Architecture,Signal Processing,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	AGC,Automated Guided Car,Industrial Automation,safety in Industries
Indoor localization of transport vehicle using RSSI constraints and UHF transponders installed on planar floor	2016	Proceedings of the 2016 IEEE 11th Conference on Industrial Electronics and Applications, ICIEA 2016	2016 IEEE.In this paper, we have proposed a novel localization algorithm for small size transport vehicle with the Short Range of the UHF RFID technology and the wheels odometry that are fused by Sequential Importance Resampling Particle Filter(SIR PF) Instead of the HF RFID because HF RFID have a problem that is a limitation of the moving speed of the mobile robots, so to solve the such problem we used for Received Signal Strength Indication (RSSI) of the UHF RFID reader. also we show the result through the experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization	Mecanum wheel,Omnidirectional vehicle,RSSI Constraints,SIR PF,UHF RFID Technology
A software tool for the decentralized control of AGV systems	2016	International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies, CoDIT 2016	2016 IEEE.This paper presents a software tool for the simulation of a decentralized control strategy to assign tasks to Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGV) and coordinate their paths to avoid deadlock and collisions. We consider a zone-controlled guidepath network where a set of intelligent vehicles (agents) has to autonomously reach a consensus about the distribution of a set of tasks, i.e., a set of zones to be reached. To this aim, first the agents apply a discrete consensus algorithm in order to locally minimize the global cost for reaching the destination zone, then they move according to a decentralized coordination protocol that is based on a zone-controlled approach with the aim of avoiding deadlock and collisions. The software tool allows the user to define the guidepath network, then randomly generates the positions of AGVs and destinations and runs the two algorithms visually showing their behavior.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	None
Scenario based STPA analysis in Automated Urban Guided Transport system	2016	2016 IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Rail Transportation, ICIRT 2016	2016 IEEE.Beijing Metro plans to open an Automated Urban Guided Transport (AUGT) Line at the end of 2017. The line will follow GOA4 requirements according to IEC62290-2014 and IEC62267-2009. The main difference between the AUGT line and existing line is no driver or attended people on the train. The system will realize the following functions: Ensure safety movement, Driving Supervising guideway, supervising passenger transfer, Operating a train and Ensuring detection and management of emergency situations. Traditionally, HAZOP (Hazard Operability analysis) or FMEA (Failure Mode and Effect Analysis) method will be used to do the hazard analysis. But the main challenge is that most of human operation and behavior are replaced by equipment in AUGT and it is very difficult to deal with emergency condition. Finally, an operational scenario based method has been used to do hazard analysis which combined with STPA (Systems-Theoretic Process Analysis). As we know, STPA is a systematic analysis method from the view of safety control and it is good at human related error and management related analysis. In this paper, STPA has been used to compare with traditional method. The conclusions are: 1) STPA is more focusing on the safety related interaction and we can easily find the main clue by safety constraints compared to HAZOP; 2) Process Model Analysis should be done in each of scenario in order to find detail safety control measures; 3) In order to identify what could cause the unsafe control action or how control actions may not be executed properly, we also can use low layer control process model to do STPA analysis if we find it is still complex. We can regard this means as nested control process model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	7	Transportation,Strategy and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Human Factors and Ergonomics,Automotive Engineering	Automated Urban Guided Transport,safety analysis method,safety constraint,safety hierarchical control structure,systems-Theoretic process analysis (STPA)
Optimising train axle inspection with the implementation of human-robot collaboration: A human factors perspective	2016	2016 IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Rail Transportation, ICIRT 2016	2016 IEEE.Train axle inspection tasks rely on human operators working in and around depots and pits, searching for and identifying defects, with the use of non-destructive testing methods. Characteristics of the working environment and equipment design increase the likelihood of human error due to a variety of issues such as poor lighting, restricted access, awkward postures and limitations associated with the design of equipment interfaces. The purpose of this discussion paper is to encourage debate amongst the rail industry by proposing a new concept for carrying out this task, namely human-robot collaboration. Literature review from comparable domains has identified that human-collaborative robotic systems have been proposed and developed to optimise asset health monitoring. This concept could potentially be applied to train axle inspection with profound implications. At the same time, it is acknowledged that integrating humans and robotic systems within the same workspace will be a significant challenge and will require a holistic human factors approach. To this end, the latest empirical research on the key human factors that need to be considered, at an organisational and individual level, for the successful integration of humans and robots in industrial applications is presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	1	Transportation,Strategy and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Human Factors and Ergonomics,Automotive Engineering	human factors,human-robot collaboration,organisational,train axle inspection,trust
The pilot study of object following for automated guided vehicle	2016	MATEC Web of Conferences	The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2016.This paper aims at the pilot study of the object following for automated guided vehicle (AGV). The proposed approach utilizes the laser range finder (LRF) to detect the distances of all obstacles surrounded in a specified angle range. The AGV can autonomously follow the assigned object according to the rational reflection intensity and range of the object sensed from LRF. The cruise speed control for a moving object depending on the distance between AGV and this object is considered since it is one of the crucial parameters for object following. This paper also discusses the influences of the sensor delay which is an indispensable issue in both control law and control logic. This pilot study employs a down scaled AGV to verify the feasibilities of the steering, accelerating, braking, and object following algorithms developed for AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Production flows scheduling subject to fuzzy processing time constraints	2016	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2016 Taylor & Francis.Effective sequencing and scheduling of material handling systems (MHSs) have a major impact on the productivity of a manufacturing system. Since the main function of a MHS is to supply the right materials at the right locations at the right time, the design of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) fleet-oriented, distributed and scalability-robust control policies ensuring deadlock-free operations is of crucial importance. In this context, a given design of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) where vehicles serve workstations located along different modes of cyclic guided paths in a 3D environment composed of rails/lifts/hoists is considered. Furthermore, fuzzy processing time constraints on transportation operations, a production flows scheduling problem subject to an assumed set of constraints imposed by admissible production routes and schedules of AGV fleet in a given MHS are considered. Since this type of problem can be treated as a fuzzy constraint satisfaction problem, the main objective is to provide analytical formulas enabling the avoidance of time-consuming computer-simulation-based calculations of AGV fleet schedules, as well as vehicles deadlock and collisions, while keeping the throughput at the maximum achievable level. Results of computational experiments assessing the scalability of the proposed method are presented as well.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	18	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	cyclic scheduling,declarative modelling,fleet of AGVs,fuzzy constraint satisfaction problem,production flow scheduling
A contribution to the design of fast code converters for position encoders	2016	International Journal of Electronics	2016 Taylor & Francis.Pseudorandom binary sequences (PRBS) are very useful in many areas of applications. Absolute position encoders based on PRBS have many advantages. However, the pseudorandom code is not directly applicable to the digital electronic systems, hence a converter from pseudorandom to natural binary code is needed. Recently, a fast pseudorandom/natural code converter based on Galois PRBS generator (much faster than previously used converter based on Fibonacci PRBS generator) was proposed. One of the main parts of the Galois code converter is an initial logic. The problem of the design of the initial logic has been solved only for some single values of resolution, but it is still not solved for any value of resolution, which significantly limits the applicability of the fast Galois code converter. This paper solves this problem presenting the solution for the design of the initial logic of the fast Galois pseudorandom/natural code converters used in the pseudorandom position encoders, in general manner, that is for any value of the resolution, allowing for a wide applicability of the fast Galois pseudorandom position encoders. Rigorous mathematical derivation of the formula for the designing of the initial logic is presented. Simulation of the proposed converter is performed in NI MultiSim software. The proposed solution, although developed for pseudorandom position encoders, can be used in many other fields where PRBS are used.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fibonacci PRBS generator,Galois PRBS generator,Position encoders,pseudorandom binary sequences (PRBS),pseudorandom/natural code conversion
Decentralized Control of Multi-AGV Systems in Autonomous Warehousing Applications	2016	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2017 IEEE.In this paper, we present an algorithm for decentralized control of multiple automated guided vehicles performing transportation tasks within industrial and warehousing environments. By running on each vehicle in the system, the algorithm provides vehicles with capabilities for autonomous path planning and motion co-ordination. The path planning part of the algorithm implements a free-ranging motion scheme by determining the shortest feasible paths considering nonholonomic vehicle constraints. The motion co-ordination part of the algorithm ensures safe vehicle motions by reliable detection and resolution of different conflict situations with other vehicles in the shared workspace. Conflict resolution is based on a vehicle priority scheme and results in temporary stopping or removal of the lower priority vehicles taking part in the conflict. Removal action is always performed within the vehicle's private zone, i.e., the pre-allocated local region of the workspace surrounding the vehicle. By encoding information on the vehicle size and its kinematic constraints, the introduced private zone mechanism provides the necessary physical space required for successful execution of every removal action. We also analyze the stability of the presented algorithm and discuss its deadlock-free and livelock-free properties. Algorithm performance has been validated by simulation using ten vehicles and experimentally on two different setups-a laboratory setup comprising five Pioneer 3DX vehicles and by two state-of-the-art autonomous forklifts in industrial-like operating conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Croatia	50	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Decentralized control,flexible manufacturing systems,mobile robots,multi-robot systems,warehousing
Path Planning and scheduling for a fleet of autonomous vehicles	2016	Robotica	2015 Cambridge University Press 2015.This paper presents a new solution approach for managing the motion of a fleet of autonomous vehicles (AVs) in indoor factory environments. AVs are requested to serve a number of workstations (WS) (following a specified desired production plan for materials requirements) while taking into account the safe movement (collisions avoidance) in the shop floor as well as time duration and energy resources. The proposed approach is based on the Bump-Surface concept to represent the 2D environment through a single mathematical entity. The solution of the combined problem of path planning and task scheduling is searched on a higher-dimension B-surface (in our case 3D) in such a way that its inverse image into the robot environment satisfies the given objectives and constraints. Then, a modified Genetic Algorithm (GA) is used to search for a near-optimum solution. The objective of the fleet coordination consists of determining the best feasible paths for the AVs so that all the WS are served at the lowest possible cost. The efficiency of the developed method is investigated and discussed through characteristic simulated experiments concerning a variety of operating environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	9	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Conflicts-free,Logistics,Motion planning,Path planning,Service robots
Hybrid metaheuristics for scheduling of machines and transport robots in job shop environment	2016	Applied Intelligence	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.In real manufacturing environments, the control of some elements in systems based on robotic cells, such as transport robots has some difficulties when planning operations dynamically. The Job Shop scheduling Problem with Transportation times and Many Robots (JSPT-MR) is a generalization of the classical Job Shop scheduling Problem (JSP) where a set of jobs additionally have to be transported between machines by several transport robots. Hence, the JSPT-MR is more computationally difficult than the JSP presenting two NP-hard problems simultaneously: the job shop scheduling problem and the robot routing problem. This paper proposes a hybrid metaheuristic approach based on clustered holonic multiagent model for the JSPT-MR. Firstly, a scheduler agent applies a Neighborhood-based Genetic Algorithm (NGA) for a global exploration of the search space. Secondly, a set of cluster agents uses a tabu search technique to guide the research in promising regions. Computational results are presented using two sets of benchmark literature instances. New upper bounds are found, showing the effectiveness of the presented approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	23	Artificial Intelligence	Genetic algorithm,Holonic multiagent,Hybrid metaheuristics,Robots,Scheduling,Tabu search,Transport
A Novel Route Selection and Resource Allocation Approach to Improve the Efficiency of Manual Material Handling System in 200-mm Wafer Fabs for Industry 3.5	2016	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2016 IEEE.Motivated by realistic needs to enhance the productivity for 200-mm wafer fabs, this paper aims to propose a novel approach for manual material handling system (MMHS) to mimic functionalities of the automated material handling system in the advanced fabs without intensive capital investment to deliver the wafer lots manually and systematically. In particular, a mathematical model is developed to optimize the routing plan with two objectives that minimize the total traveling distance in all routes or minimize the number of manpower needed in all routes. Furthermore, a route planning approach is proposed to utilize the routes that reduce the technician traveling distance and transportation time for implementation. Also, a manpower loading index was developed for evaluating the number of needed technicians in the proposed MMHS. To estimate the validity of the proposed MMHS, we developed a simulation environment based on empirical data with different transportation requirement scenarios for comparison. The results have shown practical viability of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fab economics,Industry 3.5,manpower allocation,manual material handling system (MMHS),productivity,route planning
A study on localization methods for autonomous vehicle based on particle filter using 2D laser sensor measurements and road features	2016	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2016.This paper presents a study of localization methods based on particle filter using 2D laser sensor measurements and road feature map information, for autonomous vehicles. In order to navigate in an urban environment, an autonomous vehicle should be able to estimate the location of the ego-vehicle with reasonable accuracy. In this study, road features such as curbs and road markings are detected to construct a grid-based feature map using 2D laser range finder measurements. Then, we describe a particle filter-based method for accurate positional estimation of the autonomous vehicle in real-time. Finally, the performance of the proposed method is verified through real road driving experiments, in comparison with accurate DGPS data as a reference.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	2D laser sensor,Autonomous vehicle,Grid map,Localization,Particle filter,Road feature information
A novel method for deadlock prevention of AMS by using resource-oriented Petri nets	2016	Information Sciences	2015 Elsevier Inc.Based on the systems of simple sequential processes with resources (S3PR) model, the existing methods involve prohibitive computation to synthesize a deadlock prevention controller for automated manufacturing systems (AMS). To reduce the computation, this work studies this problem by using a resource-oriented Petri net (ROPN) model. By revealing the relationship between the bad markings and structural properties of an ROPN, it presents a method such that a deadlock prevention controller can be obtained by simple calculation. By such a controller, for each strongly connected subnet in an ROPN, only one control place is needed such that it is structurally very simple. Furthermore, a condition is given under which a maximally permissive controller can be efficiently obtained, which was never seen before. Examples are used to show the application and performance of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	22	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Automated manufacturing system,Deadlock prevention,Petri net
A visual weld edge recognition method based on light and shadow feature construction using directional lighting	2016	Journal of Manufacturing Processes	2016 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersFor the efficient and effective detection in automatic non-destructive testing (NDT) of weld defects, the NDT probe must stay aligned with the welds. It is essential to detect the deviation between the seam and the probe by means of weld recognition, in order to adjust the relative position between the workpiece and the probe. The traditional weld recognition method is suitable for real-time seam tracking when the geometric feature of the groove is distinct; however, it may fail when applied to the formed weld recognition. Other methods proposed by researchers are unsatisfactory in the signal-to-noise ratio of imaging, separation degree of visual features and efficiency of the processing algorithm. To solve these problems, this paper proposes a novel visual weld recognition method using two directional lights. The directional lights are projected onto the edges of the seam to produce the distinct man-made “light and shadow” (LS) features. In this paper, we first study the principles and sensing requirements of the LS features; then a stroboscopic circuit is established to lighten the two directional lights alternatively and meanwhile synchronizes the camera to capture images when each light is on. Afterwards, we propose an image processing algorithm based on thresholding and edge extraction to calculate the accurate edges of the seam. Finally, a weld detection platform is established and experiments on weld recognition and deviation correction are conducted. The experiment results show that the proposed detection method can recognize the edges of the seam effectively in 0.023 mm accuracy. The time cost of the image processing algorithm is not more than 13 ms. The proposed method is suitable for weld detection where the reinforcements of the seams are as low as 1 mm. It expected to be applied to the automatic vision-guided NDT of weld defects.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Directional lighting,Image Processing,Light and shadow feature,Visual detection,Weld recognition
Think-globally-act-locally approach with weighted arcs to the synthesis of a liveness-enforcing supervisor for generalized Petri nets modeling FMSs	2016	Information Sciences	2015 Elsevier Inc.This paper proposes a general approach, called a think-globally-act-locally method with weighted arcs (TGALW), which can be used to compute a liveness-enforcing supervisor (LES) for the Petri net (PN) model of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) prone to deadlocks. Compared with siphon-based deadlock prevention policies that are usually rather conservative, the method is especially effective for generalized PN classes such as S4R and S4PR and also leads to optimal or near optimal LESs while maintaining the necessary computations simple. An original PNM is first transformed into a net that is behaviorally equivalent to it. A global sink/source place (GP) is used temporarily in the design steps and is finally removed when the liveness of the system is achieved. At each iteration step, bad markings are identified and then controlled by monitors through an established place-invariant based method. A condition of the optimal controllability of a bad marking is proposed, i.e., if all bad markings are optimally controlled at each iteration step, the TGALW method can find an optimal LES. Redundancy of monitors is checked. Typical examples existing in the literature are used to demonstrate applicability and the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	13	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Deadlock,Discrete event system,Flexible manufacturing system,Liveness enforcing,Petri net
A Generalized Stochastic Petri Net Approach for Modeling Activities of Human Operators in Intermodal Container Terminals	2016	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2016 IEEE.This paper proposes a Petri net (PN) representation of the activities performed by the key human operators for unloading/loading containers in an intermodal maritime container terminal (CT) with a low level of automation. These processes are the core of the export, import, and transshipment cycles executed in the terminal. The aim of this paper is to consider both the human component and the material handling resources, e.g., cranes and transporters, by defining an accurate model, which describes how to coordinate humans and use the system resources necessary for serving mother or feeder ships. The developed generalized stochastic PN-based model is of limited complexity and represents a complete, unambiguous, and readable model of the target process before coding it in the target simulation tool. The modular integrated model is tested and validated by the simulation of typical and perturbed scenarios of the Taranto CT, a real terminal that is taken as a case study for its complexity and similarity to CTs with multiple transport modes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete-event systems (DESs),generalized stochastic Petri nets (GSPNs),intermodal container terminal (CT),modeling,performance evaluation,simulation
A survey of siphons in Petri nets	2016	Information Sciences	2015 Elsevier Inc.Petri nets have gained increasing usage and acceptance as a basic model of asynchronous concurrent systems since 1962. As a class of structural objects of Petri nets, siphons play a critical role in the analysis and control of systems modeled with Petri nets. This paper surveys the state-of-the-art siphon theory of Petri nets including basic concepts, computation of siphons, controllability conditions, and deadlock control policies based on siphons. Some open problems on siphons are discussed, such as the maximally permissive supervisor design problems based on siphons and the application of siphons to robust supervisory control. This survey is expected to serve as a reference source for the growing number of Petri net researchers and practitioners.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	29	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Concurrent system,Deadlock,Petri net,Siphon,Supervisor
Unique Material Handling and Automated Metrology Systems Provides Backbone of Accurate Final Assembly Line for Business Jet	2016	SAE Technical Papers	Copyright  2016 SAE International.Figure 1Global 7000 Business Jet. Photo credit: Robert Backus. The customer's assembly philosophy demanded a fully integrated flexible pulse line for their Final Assembly Line (FAL) to assemble their new business jets. Major challenges included devising a new material handling system, developing capable positioners and achieving accurate joins while accommodating two different aircraft variants (requiring a "flexible" system). An additional requirement was that the system be easily relocated to allow for future growth and reorganization. Crane based material handling presents certain collision and handover risks, and also present a logistics challenge as cranes can become overworked. Automated guided vehicles can be used to move large parts such as wings, but the resulting sweep path becomes a major operational limitation. The customer did not like the trade-offs for either of these approaches. A unique conveyance system (ATLAS) based on in-floor rails was developed to offer a solution that provides highly controlled, low risk and accurate moves that allow workers and tools to remain in the assembly area. Positioners were developed, some of which include a driven passive axis (DP axis), useful in certain conditions for driving positioners in their passive axis. Accurate and rapid joins required an advanced metrology solution. Integrating this automated metrology based positioning system posed a challenge. The accuracy requirement meant that the system had to measure and accommodate slight differences between the incoming parts i.e., be an "adaptive" system. A Human Machine Interface (HMI) was developed to enable de-skilled automated metrology and to communicate with the metrology and PLC systems. The HMI presents a virtual task checklist and restricts the user from deviating from the order of operations or omitting any tasks. Established tolerances must be achieved before proceeding to the next task. A robust architecture allows failed tasks to be re-attempted without restarting the join process, resulting in a forgiving and flexible process. Integrated supervisor-override privileges make it possible to execute alignment adjustments if dictated by engineering or circumstance.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Simultaneous calibration and mapping for mobile robot with non-holonomic constraint	2016	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	2016 IEEE.In this paper, a simultaneous calibration and mapping algorithm for mobile robot is proposed. The concept of expectation maximization (EM) are applied. Two main processes, mapping and calibration, are executed iteratively until converged. Graph SLAM are applied in mapping. For calibration, an innovative algorithm is proposed to decouple the whole problem into several sub-steps. And non-holonomic constraint of the mobile robot kinematics is utilized to speed up the computation. Experiment on an Autonomous Guided Vehicle (AGV) system are conducted to validate our algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	None
Design and HIL setup of an autonomous vehicle for crowded environments	2016	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	2016 IEEE.Within the last decade, we are witnessing the introduction of intelligent vehicles on our roadways. There is a similar need of intelligent transportation vehicles inside buildings such as airports or shopping malls. These intelligent vehicles can transfer elderly, disabled, or people with heavy luggage. This paper describes an intelligent vehicle that can autonomously transport people in indoor and outdoor areas where pedestrians exist. During operation along pedestrians, detecting them and updating trajectories to avoid collision is not always feasible. In some cases, this leads to a vehicle that is unable to move. In literature, this problem is labeled as the freezing robot problem. This paper proposes an approach to solve this problem by interaction with pedestrians. In order to validate the approach, Simulink simulations and hardware in the loop simulations are performed with different environment scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Software	None
Precision aquaculture drone algorithm for delivery in sea cages	2016	Proceedings of 2nd IEEE International Conference on Engineering and Technology, ICETECH 2016	2016 IEEE.Peninsular India, with its vast and unexplored marine water spread, promises a thriving future for cage farming industry. Nevertheless, the remoteness of cage sites and the characteristic oceanographic upheavals of tropical Indian Ocean, demands several engineering interventions that can ease the level of effort and cost required for farming in the open sea. Labor cost for the daily maintenance of farm especially that for the feeding activity, forms a major share of the working cost of the entire culture activity. Automation of the feeding activity using a drone technology can assure regular feeding. This also ensures that feed is distributed uniformly in the cages so that all animals are equally fed and also minimal loss of feed. The system can also be customized to deliver other farm inputs like medicines, vaccines and fertilizers. The introduction of robotics in the aquaculture can create a revolution by optimizing the precision and effort and thereby increasing the production and profit.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	11	Computer Networks and Communications	GPS,Mariculture,Quadrotor,RFID
Digital Underwater Acoustic Communications	2016	Digital Underwater Acoustic Communications	2017 China Ocean Press. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.Digital Underwater Acoustic Communications focuses on describing the differences between underwater acoustic communication channels and radio channels, discusses loss of transmitted sound in underwater acoustic channels, describes digital underwater acoustic communication signal processing, and provides a comprehensive reference to digital underwater acoustic communication equipment. This book is designed to serve as a reference for postgraduate students and practicing engineers involved in the design and analysis of underwater acoustic communications systems as well as for engineers involved in underwater acoustic engineering. Introduces the basics of underwater acoustics, along with the advanced functionalities needed to achieve reliable communications in underwater environment Identifies challenges in underwater acoustic channels relative to radio channels, underwater acoustic propagation, and solutions Shows how multi-path structures can be thought of as time diversity signals Presents a new, robust signal processing system, and an advanced FH-SS system for multimedia underwater acoustic communications with moderate communication ranges (above 20km) and rates (above 600bps) Describes the APNFM system for underwater acoustic communication equipment (including both civil and military applications), to be employed in active sonar to improve its performance.	Book	b	bk	Book	China	5	Engineering (all),Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Optimizing machine assignment and loop layout in tandem AGV workshop by co-evolutionary methodology	2016	Proceedings of the 2016 IEEE 20th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, CSCWD 2016	2016 IEEE.This paper proposed a co-evolutionary methodology to optimize the layout of a practical tandem automated guided vehicles (AGV) workshop aiming to reduce the costs for material transporting in manufacturing process. This methodology provided a fresh line to address the machine assignment, internal and external loop layout, as well as the loops arrangement on the floor synthetically, the transfer station setting was also considered. This methodology is not like the previous method that solved these contents in sequence. Genetic algorithm (GA) was herein applied for the iteration after these contents were ascertained. A mathematical model was also established for this methodology. The optimization result illustrated the efficiency of proposed co-evolutionary methodology in decreasing the material transporting costs comparing with the non co-evolutionary method. The workshop layout design can apply our methodology, which involved an overall consideration, as guidance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Management Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	co-evolutionary methodology,layout design,machine assignment,tandem AGV System,transports cost
Vision-based path construction and maintenance for indoor guidance of autonomous ground vehicles based on collaborative smart cameras	2016	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2016 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).In this paper, we present a guidance and coordination of autonomous ground vehicles in indoor environment. The solution is based on a set of distributed ceiling-mounted smart cameras with overlapping field-of-view for global coordination. A mean shift based algorithm is implemented to extract a map of the environment. This map is used for a distributed routing of autonomous-guided-vehicles from source to destination. Shortest paths will be calculated and updated in real-time. Our approach fits the requirements of decentralized coordination, real-time environmental changes, as it is the case in production facilities, and portability to other fields of application. First, tests in a test-bench showed satisfying results in terms of reliability, validity and performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	6	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Distributed camera network,Path planning,Robot navigation,Vision based navigation
Research on an omni-directional AGV with differential wheels	2016	2016 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, IEEE ICMA 2016	2016 IEEE.In this paper, a new omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system is designed. In mechanical structure, differential MY3 wheel is installed on the chassis which can achieve the parts transportation with maximum load 50kg. In control system, the real-time processor and FPGA are used to ensure the real-time system. The infrared module and the ultrasonic range-finding module are installed to achieve automatic guided movement and automatic obstacle avoidance. In order to visualize the real-time operation and provide a better HIC experience, the AGV is equipped with a wireless communication module and a digital image acquisition module. Field experiments show that the system can accomplish the expected automatic guided movement and obstacle avoidance function with minimum errors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Software	AGV,control system,MY3,Omni-directional
Predictive path following with arrival time awareness for waterborne AGVs	2016	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2015 Elsevier LtdLarge ports are seeking innovative logistical ways to improve their competitiveness world-wide. This article proposes waterborne AGVs, inspired by conventional automated guided vehicles and autonomous surface vessels, for transport over water. A predictive path following with arrival time awareness controller is proposed for such waterborne AGVs. The controller is able to achieve smooth tracking and energy efficiency with arrival time awareness for transport oriented applications. Tracking errors are conveniently formulated with vessel dynamics modeled in connected reference path coordinate systems and a coordinate transformation at switching coordinate systems. Binary decision variables and logic constraints based on an along-track state are proposed for modeling switches in the framework of Model Predictive Control (MPC) so that overshoots are avoided. Moreover, timing-aware along-track references are generated by a two-level double integrator scheme. The lower level is embedded in online MPC optimizations for smooth tracking. The higher level solves a mixed-integer quadratic programming problem considering distance-to-go and time-to-go before each MPC optimization. References over the next prediction horizon are generated being aware of the requirements on arrival time. Furthermore, successive linearizations of nonlinear vessel dynamics about a shifted previous optimal system trajectory are implemented to maintain a trade-off between computational complexity and optimality. Simulation results of two industrially relevant Inter Terminal Transport case studies illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed modeling and control design for waterborne AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	33	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Arrival time awareness,Inter terminal transport,Model predictive control,Path following,Waterborne AGVs
Realization of drill rectifying control for coal shearer based on an improved PID algorithm	2016	2016 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, IEEE ICMA 2016	2016 IEEE.During the coal cutting process in mines, the drill stem is easy to be deflected in virtue of the complicated geological conditions. The deviation control of drill stems is of great significance for the production efficiency and service life of drill stems. Based on analyzing influence factors of the deflection of drills, this paper builds up a model to describe deflecting forces of the coal seam. Utilizing MPU6050, a three axis gyroscope, to get the deviation angles, an improved PID control algorithm is employed to guarantee directional drilling of the coal mining machine by applying electrohydraulic servo valves to rectify the deflective drill.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Software	Coal shearer,Drill rectifying control,PID algorithm
LIPS: A light intensity-based positioning system for indoor environments	2016	ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks	2016 ACM.This article presents a Light Intensity-based Positioning System (LIPS) for indoor environments. The system uses off-the-shelf light-emitting diode lamps as signal sources and light sensors as signal receivers. The design is inspired by the observation that a light sensor has deterministic sensitivity to both the distance and incident angle of a light signal, an under-utilized feature of photodiodes now widely found on mobile devices. We develop a stable and accurate light intensity model to capture the phenomenon, based on which a new positioning principle, Multi-Face Light Positioning, is established that uses three collocated sensors to uniquely determine the receiver's position, assuming merely a single source of light. We have implemented a prototype on both dedicated embedded systems and smartphones. Experimental results show average positioning accuracy within 0.4m across different environments, with high stability against interferences from obstacles, ambient lights, temperature variation, and so on.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	38	Computer Networks and Communications	Indoor positioning,LED sensor,Light intensity,Smartphones
Estimation of flight path deviations for sar radar installed on UAV	2016	Metrology and Measurement Systems	2016 Polish Academy of Sciences.The paper presents a method of calculation of position deviations from a theoretical, nominally rectilinear trajectory for a SAR imaging system installed on board of UAV. The UAV on-board system consists of a radar sensor, an antenna system, a SAR processor and a navigation system. The main task of the navigation part is to determine the vector of differences between the theoretical and the measured trajectories of UAV center of gravity. The paper includes chosen results of experiments obtained during ground and flight tests.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Global navigation satellite system,Inertial measurement unit,Synthetic aperture radar,Unmanned aerial vehicle
Autonomous pallet localization and picking for industrial forklifts based on the line structured light	2016	2016 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, IEEE ICMA 2016	2016 IEEE.This paper proposed an autonomous pallet handing method for industrial forklifts based on the line structured light sensor. The method mainly include two aspects. First, the design of the line structured light sensor based on embedded image processing board that contains a FPGA and a DSP. We solved the problem that Hessian matrix decomposition based light stripe center extraction cannot run in real time. Second, we installed the structured light sensor onto the automatic forklift, and the forklift detected and located the pallet using the geometry character of the pallets, then the controller drived the forklift docking in front of the pallet using position-based visual servoing and picking up the pallet at last. The line structured light sensor was designed using C6000 series visual processing boards developed by our research group. The experiment of the autonomous pallet localization and picking for industrial forklifts verifies the practicability and effectiveness of our proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Software	Embedded vision,Pallet,Structured light,Visual servo
Implementation of an adaptive fuzzy compensator for coupled tank liquid level control system	2016	Measurement: Journal of the International Measurement Confederation	2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.In this paper, an adaptive fuzzy control (AFC) system is proposed to realize level position control of two coupled water tanks, often encountered in practical process control. The fuzzy control system includes an adaptive model identifier and controller. The gains of AFC are obtained by using the fuzzy identifier model which is defined by real system outputs and control inputs. The parameters of fuzzy identifier model are adjusted online by using recursive least square algorithm. Because the controller has a recursive form it treats model uncertainties and external disturbances in an implicit way. Thus there is no need to specify uncertainty and disturbances for this controller design in advance. A well-tuned conventional proportional integral (PI) controller is also applied to the two coupled tank system for comparison with the AFC system. Experimentation of the coupled tank system is realized in two different configurations, namely configuration #1 and configuration #2 respectively. In configuration #1, the water level in the top tank is controlled by a pump. In configuration #2, the water level in the bottom tank is controlled by the water flow coming out of the top tank. Experimental results prove that the AFC shows better trajectory tracking performance than PI controller in that the plant transient responses to the desired output changes have shorter settling time and smaller magnitude overshot/undershoot. Robustness of the AFC with respect to water level variation and capability to eliminate external disturbances are also achieved. Experimental results show that AFC is a strong and a practical choice for liquid level control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	15	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive control,Fuzzy control,Nonlinear control,Process control
Reliability of pulse measurements in videoplethysmography	2016	Metrology and Measurement Systems	2016 Polish Academy of Sciences.Reliable, remote pulse rate measurement is potentially very important for medical diagnostics and screening. In this paper the Videoplethysmography was analyzed especially to verify the possible use of signals obtained for the YUV color model in order to estimate the pulse rate, to examine what is the best pulse estimation method for short video sequences and finally, to analyze how potential PPG-signals can be distinguished from other (e.g. background) signals. The presented methods were verified using data collected from 60 volunteers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Image processing,Smart glasses,Video processing,Videoplethysmography,Vital signs measurements
A sensor fusion method based on an integrated neural network and Kalman Filter for vehicle roll angle estimation	2016	Sensors (Switzerland)	2016 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This article presents a novel estimator based on sensor fusion, which combines the Neural Network (NN) with a Kalman filter in order to estimate the vehicle roll angle. The NN estimates a “pseudo-roll angle” through variables that are easily measured from Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) sensors. An IMU is a device that is commonly used for vehicle motion detection, and its cost has decreased during recent years. The pseudo-roll angle is introduced in the Kalman filter in order to filter noise and minimize the variance of the norm and maximum errors’ estimation. The NN has been trained for J-turn maneuvers, double lane change maneuvers and lane change maneuvers at different speeds and road friction coefficients. The proposed method takes into account the vehicle non-linearities, thus yielding good roll angle estimation. Finally, the proposed estimator has been compared with one that uses the suspension deflections to obtain the pseudo-roll angle. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed NN and Kalman filter-based estimator.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	19	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Linear kalman filter,Neural network,Roll angle estimation,Sensor fusion
Semiconductor FAB layout design analysis with 300-mm FAB data: “Is minimum distance-based layout design best for semiconductor FAB design?”	2016	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2016 Elsevier LtdIn this paper, one of the most common layout design approaches in general factory design – minimum flow-weighted distance (min-distance) layout – is verified for semiconductor fabrication facility (FAB) design. In min-distance layout design, machines or workstations with high flow rates are allocated close to each other to minimize the total distance of the material flow. This approach is widely used in various industries including semiconductor manufacturing. However, some research also discusses the drawbacks of this approach due to flow congestions and heavy traffic in material handling systems. We validate the min-distance approach with actual data from a modern 300-mm DRAM FAB. We logically generate 18 different cases with different layouts, overhead hoist transport track configurations, and production scenarios. The effectiveness and drawbacks of the min-distance approach in FAB design is investigated with these cases. From the simulation analysis using the Design of Experiments method, we logically show that the performance of material delivery is sensitive to the production volume in the min-distance layout. Also, the performance of the min-distance layout is significantly degraded when the volume is heavy; however, performance can be improved considerably with a few modifications to the bays. We also provide practical tips for an effective layout design method from the insight gained from the simulation analysis. This paper contributes to the critical analysis of the conventional layout design method and the identification of its effectiveness and limitations by using actual FAB data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	11	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AMHS,Factory layout design,Material flow design,Semiconductor FAB design
Robust composite nonlinear feedback path-following control for independently actuated autonomous vehicles with differential steering	2016	IEEE Transactions on Transportation Electrification	2015 IEEE.This paper investigates utilizing the front-wheel differential drive-assisted steering (DDAS) to achieve the path-following control for independently actuated (IA) electric autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs), in the case of the complete failure of the active front-wheel steering system. DDAS, which is generated by the differential torque between the left and right wheels of IA electric vehicles, can be utilized to actuate the front wheels as the sole steering power when the regular steering system fails, and thus avoids dangerous consequences for AGVs. As an inherent emergency measure and an active safety control method for the steering system of electric vehicles, DDAS strategy is a valuable fault-tolerant control approach against active steering system failure. To improve the transient performance of the fault-tolerant control with the DDAS, a novel multiple-disturbance observer-based composite nonlinear feedback (CNF) approach is proposed to realize the path-following control for IA AGVs considering the tire force saturations. The disturbance observer is designed to estimate the external multiple disturbances with unknown bounds. CarSim-Simulink joint simulation results indicate that the proposed controller can effectively achieve the fault-tolerant control and improve the transient performance for path following in the faulted-steering situation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	34	Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs),Composite nonlinear feedback (CNF),Differential drive-assisted steering (DDAS),Disturbance observer,Path following
Identification and characterization of the hydraulic unit in an anti-lock brake system	2016	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part D: Journal of Automobile Engineering	Institution of Mechanical Engineers.The present paper identifies single-input single-output linear minimum-order models for the hydraulic unit of an anti-lock brake system in the increase mode and the decrease mode. The input variable and the output variable in the models for the increase mode and the decrease mode are the pressure of master cylinder and the pressure of the brake caliper respectively. In the process of model identification, excitation signals are designed by introducing a novel method to change the states of the solenoid supply valve and the solenoid discharge valve and to generate different operating modes. It is shown that the excitation signals are persistently exciting of a certain order and cover the bandwidth of the system. In this study, the structure models (the output error model, the autoregressive with exogenous input model, the autoregressive moving-average with exogenous input model and the box Jenkins model) are identified for the increase mode and the decrease mode by employing the experimental data of a test automobile and using the ordinary least-squares method and the prediction error method. After validation of the model outcome by comparison with the experimental results, the best models are presented for the increase mode and the decrease mode of the hydraulic unit in a test automobile.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	3	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Anti-lock brake system,hydraulic unit,input design,model identification
Lesion strength control by automatic temperature guided retinal photocoagulation	2016	Journal of Biomedical Optics	2016 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE).Laser photocoagulation is an established treatment for a variety of retinal diseases. However, when using the same irradiation parameter, the size and strength of the lesions are unpredictable due to unknown inter- and intraindividual optical properties of the fundus layers. The aim of this work is to investigate a feedback system to generate desired lesions of preselectable strengths by automatically controlling the irradiation time. Optoacoustics were used for retinal temperature monitoring. A 532-nm continuous wave Nd:YAG laser was used for photocoagulation. A 75-ns/523-nm Q-switched Nd:YLF laser simultaneously excited temperature-dependent pressure transients, which were detected at the cornea by an ultrasonic transducer embedded in a contact lens. The temperature data were analyzed during the irradiation by a LabVIEW routine. The treatment laser was switched off automatically when the required lesion strength was achieved. Five different feedback control algorithms for different lesion sizes were developed and tested on rabbits in vivo. With a laser spot diameter of 133 μm, five different lesion types with ophthalmoscopically visible diameters ranging mostly between 100 and 200 μm, and different appearances were achieved by automatic exposure time control. The automatically controlled lesions were widely independent of the treatment laser power and the retinal pigmentation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Biomaterials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Biomedical Engineering	automatic dosimetry,laser,optoacoustics,retina,temperature
BDD-Based Synthesis of Fail-Safe Supervisory Controllers for Safety-Critical Discrete Event Systems	2016	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.Sophisticated hardware/software and harsh environment in safety-critical discrete event systems may cause system failures that can lead to catastrophic consequences. Therefore, keeping the system in a safe mode even after the occurrence of a fault is critically important. This paper addresses the problem by first extending net condition/event systems with uncontrollable transitions that allows one to well represent controllable and uncontrollable events and cater for modeling normal and abnormal events in safety-critical systems. A binary decision diagram-based symbolic supervisor synthesis method is proposed to ensure time and space efficiency when dealing with a practical supervisory control problem. As a case study, a high-speed railway station is used to illustrate the proposed concepts and method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	binary decision diagram,Fail-safe supervisor,net condition/event system,safety-critical discrete event system
An effective discrete differential evolution algorithm for scheduling uniform parallel batch processing machines with non-identical capacities and arbitrary job sizes	2016	International Journal of Production Economics	2016 Elsevier B.V.Batch processing machines (BPMs) simultaneously process multiple jobs in a batch, which are commonly used in many industrial systems. This paper studies the scheduling problem of uniform parallel batch processing machines with arbitrary job sizes. These batch processing machines have non-identical capacities and different speeds. The objective is to minimize the makespan (or maximize the machine utilization). We formulate this problem as a mixed integer programming model. Since the problem is strongly NP-hard, an effective differential evolution-based hybrid algorithm is proposed for solving large-scale problems. Firstly, in this algorithm, individuals in the population are represented as discrete job sequences, and novel mutation and crossover operators are designed based on this representation. Next, a heuristic is developed to form batches and schedule the resulting batches on the uniform parallel machines. Then, the performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated by comparing its results to a commercial solver (CPLEX), a random keys genetic algorithm (RKGA) and a particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm in terms of solution quality and robustness, especially for large-scale instances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	32	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Batch processing machines (BPMs),Discrete differential evolution algorithm,Non-identical capacities,Scheduling,Uniform parallel machines
Polynomially Complex Synthesis of Distributed Supervisors for Large-Scale AMSs Using Petri Nets	2016	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	2015 IEEE.Due to the competition for limited resources by many concurrent processes in large-scale automated manufacturing systems (AMSs), one has to resolve any deadlock issue in order to reach their production goals without disruption and downtime. Monolithic resolution is a conventional approach for optimal or acceptable solutions, but may suffer from computational difficulty. Some decentralized methods are more efficient in finding approximate solutions, but most are application dependent. By modeling AMSs as Petri nets, we develop an innovative distributed approach, which can create a trajectory leading to a desired goal and is adaptable to different kinds of applications. Control strategies are applied to processes locally such that they can proceed concurrently and efficiently. Global goals are always reachable through the local observation, control, and execution of processes without knowing external and extra information. Polynomially complex are designed to find distributed controllers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	23	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),discrete event systems,distributed control,Petri nets,supervisor synthesis
Artificial neural network applications in the calibration of spark-ignition engines: An overview	2016	Engineering Science and Technology, an International Journal	2016 Karabuk UniversityEmission legislation has become progressively tighter, making the development of new internal combustion engines very challenging. New engine technologies for complying with these regulations introduce an exponential dependency between the number of test combinations required for obtaining optimum results and the time and cost outlays. This makes the calibration task very expensive and virtually impossible to carry out. The potential use of trained neural networks in combination with Design of Experiments (DoE) methods for engine calibration has been a subject of research activities in recent times. This is because artificial neural networks, compared with other data-driven modeling techniques, perform better in satisfying a majority of the modeling requirements for engine calibration including the curse of dimensionality; the use of DoE for obtaining few measurements as practicable, with the aim of reducing engine calibration costs; the required flexibility that allows model parameters to be optimized to avoid overfitting; and the facilitation of automated online optimization during the engine calibration process that eliminates the need for user intervention. The purpose of this review is to give an overview of the various applications of neural networks in the calibration of spark-ignition engines. The identified and discussed applications include system identification for rapid prototyping, virtual sensing, use of neural networks as look-up table surrogates, emerging control strategies and On-Board Diagnostic (OBD) applications. The demerits of neural networks, future possibilities and alternatives were also discussed.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	31	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Civil and Structural Engineering,Biomaterials,Mechanical Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes,Computer Networks and Communications,Metals and Alloys	Applications,Artificial neural networks,Calibration,Spark-ignition engines
AGV conveyance control based on Taxi system and ant colony optimization	2016	Proceedings of 2016 Asia-Pacific Conference on Intelligent Robot Systems, ACIRS 2016	2016 IEEE.In FMS, the importance of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) is increasing because they can respond flexibly to changes in facilities and factory layouts. We propose an autonomous conveyance system for AGVs based on taxi transportation strategies to solve indefinite and accidental problems. The system focuses on applying traffic engineering knowledge regarding a flexible taxi system. A taxi is a transport unit in a traffic system involving high flexibility in traveling routes and at arrival/departure points. In this report, we suggest a decision method using the concept of the ant colony. As a result, we found that we could reduce the possibility of an accident, which is a drawback of the AGV system, by introducing ant colony optimization.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV,ant colony optimization,mimetic solution,taxi
Track model regression using genetic expression programming for visual-based path-following of mobile robots	2016	Proceedings of 2016 Asia-Pacific Conference on Intelligent Robot Systems, ACIRS 2016	2016 IEEE.Path-following is an important task in the applications of autonomous robots. This paper presents a new control method for the control of visual path-following of mobile robots. Visual path-following of mobile robots is rephrased as a regression problem which takes the visual positions of tracks as the input and produces control signals as output. In this paper, the technique of Gene Expression Programming (GEP) is employed for discovering such regression models. With the regression models, path-following can be done with simpler control rules with less processing time. Our proposed method is implemented and integrated with a two-wheeled service robot carrying a simple CCD camera and is validated for visual path-following in real environments. The experimental results show that the proposed method is able to produce simple and precise control rules and improves the robot's performance for path-following.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	gene expression programming,mobile robots,path-following,regression,visual sensors
Navigation framework for autonomous mobile robots	2016	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2016 ACM.The need for the emergent navigation behaviors is necessary to perform the task without any supervision or manual intervention (trigger), particularly when the robots are employed in risky missions in an unknown environment. To undergo a decision in an emergent situation, the domain knowledge and the awareness of the current environment state is essential. The proposed framework dictates a set of mission behaviors to the robot, using them in combinations, to address the emergent situations autonomously.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Mobile robot navigation,Sensor fusion algorithms,Trajectory prediction
A coloured Petri net-based hybrid heuristic search approach to simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles	2016	International Journal of Production Research	2015 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.To achieve a significant improvement in the overall performance of a flexible manufacturing system, the scheduling process must consider the interdependencies that exist between the machining and transport systems. However, most works have addressed the scheduling problem as two independent decision making problems, assuming sufficient capacity in the transport system. In this paper, we study the simultaneous scheduling (SS) problem of machines and automated guided vehicles using a timed coloured Petri net (TCPN) approach under two performance objectives; makespan and exit time of the last job. The modelling approach allows the evaluation of all the feasible vehicle assignments as opposed to the traditional dispatching rules and demonstrates the benefits of vehicle-controlled assignments over machine-controlled for certain production scenarios. In contrast with the hierarchical decomposition technique of existing approaches, TCPN is capable of describing the dynamics and evaluating the performance of the SS problem in a single model. Based on TCPN modelling, SS is performed using a hybrid heuristic search algorithm to find optimal or near-optimal schedules by searching through the reachability graph of the TCPN with heuristic functions. Large-sized instances are solved in relatively short computation times, which were a priori unsolvable with conventional search algorithms. The algorithm’s performance is evaluated on a benchmark of 82 test problems. Experimental results indicate that the proposed algorithm performs better than the conventional ones and compares favourably with other approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	25	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicles,flexible manufacturing systems,hybrid heuristic search,Petri nets,simultaneous scheduling,simultaneous scheduling of machines and AGVs,timed coloured Petri nets
An error correction method with adaptive time slot for AGV's magnet-induced marker sensor	2016	IEEE CITS 2016 - 2016 International Conference on Computer, Information and Telecommunication Systems	2016 IEEE.Accumulative error which derived from spurious triggering, improper handling or exceptional cases with magnet-induced marker sensor could be parsed as erroneous marker commands. To ensure the extremely high reliability and real-time operation performance of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), an error correction method with adaptive time slot along with operation speed was applied to AGV's marker command analysis task. Experiments and tests shown that the opposed method have guaranteed safety in working operations and swiftly decreased the marker sensor's error rate.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems	adaptive time slot,automated guided vehicle,Error correction,magnet-induced marker,marker command analysis task,sensor
Indoor navigation for an automatic guided vehicle with beacon based relative distance estimation	2016	International Conference on Ubiquitous and Future Networks, ICUFN	2016 IEEE.When an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) rotates its direction in a narrow indoor environment, overlapped zone or dead zone may happen depending on either sensing multiple landmarks or no sensing landmark. We present a self-localization of an AGV based on artificial beacons. With this approach, the position of an AGV is determined by its relative distance to a beacon, whose location is known in advance. A promising range of acquiring the best beacon signal strength should be known to us and thus this reliable location information will be used to control the AGV more precisely.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture	AGV,Beacon,BLE,Bluetooth,Low Energy,RSSI
A novel cloud-based service robotics application to data center environmental monitoring	2016	Sensors (Switzerland)	2016 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This work presents a robotic application aimed at performing environmental monitoring in data centers. Due to the high energy density managed in data centers, environmental monitoring is crucial for controlling air temperature and humidity throughout the whole environment, in order to improve power efficiency, avoid hardware failures and maximize the life cycle of IT devices. State of the art solutions for data center monitoring are nowadays based on environmental sensor networks, which continuously collect temperature and humidity data. These solutions are still expensive and do not scale well in large environments. This paper presents an alternative to environmental sensor networks that relies on autonomous mobile robots equipped with environmental sensors. The robots are controlled by a centralized cloud robotics platform that enables autonomous navigation and provides a remote client user interface for system management. From the user point of view, our solution simulates an environmental sensor network. The system can easily be reconfigured in order to adapt to management requirements and changes in the layout of the data center. For this reason, it is called the virtual sensor network. This paper discusses the implementation choices with regards to the particular requirements of the application and presents and discusses data collected during a long-term experiment in a real scenario.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	7	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cloud robotics,Data center,Energy management,Environmental monitoring,Service robotics
What does intralogistics looks like in the future?: Commissioning supported by sensorbased automated guided vehicles Wie sieht die Intralogistik der Zukunft aus?: Kommissionierung unterstützt durch sensorbasierte fahrerlose transportfahrzeuge	2016	ZWF Zeitschrift fuer Wirtschaftlichen Fabrikbetrieb	Carl Hanser Verlag, München.This paper introduces a new concept for commissioning within a warehouse. The main focus is an overall approach which on the one hand improves the transport by automated guided vehicles and on the other hand includes the human and supports them actively at work.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Engineering (all),Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	None
Reliability modelling of automated guided vehicles by the use of failure modes effects and criticality analysis, and fault tree analysis	2016	OpenAccess Series in Informatics	Rundong Yan, Sarah J. Dunnett, and Lisa M. Jackson.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are being increasingly used for intelligent transportation and distribution of materials in warehouses and auto-production lines. In this paper, a preliminary hazard analysis of an AGV's critical components is conducted by the approach of Failure Modes Effects and Criticality Analysis (FMECA). To implement this research, a particular AGV transport system is modelled as a phased mission. Then, Fault Tree Analysis (FTA) is adopted to model the causes of phase failure, enabling the probability of success in each phase and hence mission success to be determined. Through this research, a promising technical approach is established, which allows the identification of the critical AGV components and crucial mission phases of AGVs at the design stage.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	3	Geography, Planning and Development,Modeling and Simulation	Automated guided vehicles,Fault tree analysis,FMECA,Reliability
Selection of Filtration Methods in the Analysis of Motion of Automated Guided Vehicle	2016	Measurement Science Review	2016 Dobrzańska Magdalena et al., published by De Gruyter Open.In this article the issues related to mapping the route and error correction in automated guided vehicle (AGV) movement have been discussed. The nature and size of disruption have been determined using the registered runs in experimental studies. On the basis of the analysis a number of numerical runs have been generated, which mapped possible to obtain runs in a real movement of the vehicle. The obtained data set has been used for further research. The aim of this paper was to test the selected methods of digital filtering on the same data set and determine their effectiveness. The results of simulation studies have been presented in the article. The effectiveness of various methods has been determined and on this basis the conclusions have been drawn.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Instrumentation	automated guided vehicle,Filtration,Gaussian regression filter,odometry,position error,spline filter
Composite rules based multi-objective scheduling approach for interbay material handling system	2016	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2016, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To meet the global optimization requirement of Interbay material handling system in semiconductor wafer fabrication systems, a multi-objective scheduling approach for Interbay material handling system based on composite rule was proposed. By considering constraints between various transport equipment, the multi-objective scheduling model of Interbay material handling system was established. To generate composite rules, a method based on genetic programming was proposed, in which several attributes of wafer lots were encoded with four basic arithmetic symbols in binary tree structure, and the composite scheduling rules with the best fitness were obtained by using selection, crossover, mutation and d-best policy based λ-Interchange local search method. To quickly evaluate a large number of individuals, the calculation formulas of individuals' fitness were derived based on From-To table. The results of discrete event simulations showed that, compared to the scheduling methods for Interbay system in literature, these composite rules generated by the proposed algorithm achieved better comprehensive optimization on average cycle time, average delivery time and average due date satisfaction rate of wafer lots, and meanwhile had better robustness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Genetic programming,Interbay material handling system,Multi-objective,Scheduling
Parallel autonomous guided vehicle assembly line for a semi-continuous manufacturing system	2016	Assembly Automation	Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose - This paper aims to propose a parallel automated assembly line system to produce multiple products in a semi-continuous system. Design/methodology/approach - The control system developed in this research consists of a manufacturing system for two-level hierarchical dynamic decisions of autonomous/automated/automatic-guided vehicles (AGVs) dispatching/next station selection and machining schedules and a station control scheme for operational control of machines and components. In this proposed problem, the assignment of multiple AGVs to different assembly lines and the semi-continuous stations is a critical objective. AGVs and station scheduling decisions are made at the assembly line level. On the other hand, component and machining resource scheduling are made at the station level. Findings - The proposed scheduler first decomposes the dynamic scheduling problems into a static AGV and machine assignment during each short-term rolling window. It optimizes weighted completion time of tasks for each short-term window by formulating the task and resource assignment problem as a minimum cost flow problem during each short-term scheduling window. A comprehensive decision making process and heuristics are developed for efficient implementation. A simulation study is worked out for validation. Originality/value - Several assembly lines are configured to produce multiple products in which the technologies of machines are shared among the assembly lines when required. The sequence of stations is pre-specified in each assembly line and the components of a product are kept in machine magazine. The transportation between the stations in an assembly line (intra assembly line) and among stations in different assembly lines (inter assembly line) are performed using AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assembly sequence planning,Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Automation,Flexible manufacturing
Adaptive feedback linearization together with a computed torque controller for the path tracking of a non-holonomic mobile robot	2016	ICIC Express Letters, Part B: Applications	2016 ICIC International.Mobile robots have attracted considerable attention for their common applications in a wide field. In any application, the high motion accuracy is essential to guarantee the security and availability for these robots. Many studies have focused on the development of control law for these robots to address the non-holonomic issues based on the kinematic model. However, the control inputs designed based on the kinematics are just the velocities which are not the forces for the actual drivers. In this paper, to improve the motion accuracy, we propose a double closed-loop control system for the robot based on the kinematics and dynamics together. Firstly, to deal with the unknown disturbances considering the non-holonomic issues, an adaptive feedback linearization controller is proposed based on kinematic model. The kinematics based controller can generate the given velocities for the robot to achieve precise steering. Then, a computed torque controller is proposed based on the dynamic model to generate the torques for the actual drivers to accomplish the tracking of given velocities. Finally, path and trajectory tracking simulations are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Computer Science (all)	Adaptive feedback linearization,Computed torque controller,Mobile robot,Non-holonomic constraint,Unknown disturbances
Optimization method for number of logistics servicer stations in cigarette production based on queuing theory	2016	Tobacco Science and Technology	2016, Editorial Office of Tobacco Science & Technology. All right reserved.To optimize the number of automatic guided vehicle (AGV) servicer stations under different cigarette production modes, on the basis of the stochastic service system described by M/G/∞ queuing model, by establishing unit queuing system and taking into account the additivity of Poisson distribution, the formula for calculating the optimal number of servicer stations at different customer source scales was derived. Simulation test and paired comparison indicated that the accuracy of number of AGV servicer stations optimized by M/G/∞ queuing model reached 90%; the model overestimated the actual needs by one service station when customer source scale was small. Adopting the proposed method could estimate the optimal number of servicer stations at different production scales and promote the running efficiency of logistics system for cigarette production effectively.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (miscellaneous)	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Cigarette production,Handling efficiency,Poisson distribution,Queuing model,Servicer
The maximum flow problem for oriented flows	2016	OpenAccess Series in Informatics	S. Schade and M. Strehler.In several applications of network flows, additional constraints have to be considered. In this paper, we study flows, where the flow particles have an orientation. For example, cargo containers with doors only on one side and train coaches with 1st and 2nd class compartments have such an orientation. If the end position has a mandatory orientation, not every path from source to sink is feasible for routing or additional transposition maneuvers have to be made. As a result, a source-sink path may visit a certain vertex several times. We describe structural properties of optimal solutions, determine the computational complexity, and present an approach for approximating such flows.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Modeling and Simulation	Approximation,Container logistics,Graph expansion,Network flow with orientation,Train routing
Global Calibration Method of a Camera Using the Constraint of Line Features and 3D World Points	2016	Measurement Science Review	2016 Guan Xu et al., published by De Gruyter Open.We present a reliable calibration method using the constraint of 2D projective lines and 3D world points to elaborate the accuracy of the camera calibration. Based on the relationship between the 3D points and the projective plane, the constraint equations of the transformation matrix are generated from the 3D points and 2D projective lines. The transformation matrix is solved by the singular value decomposition. The proposed method is compared with the point-based calibration to verify the measurement validity. The mean values of the root-mean-square errors using the proposed method are 7.69×10-4, 6.98×10-4, 2.29×10-4, and 1.09×10-3 while the ones of the original method are 8.10×10-4, 1.29×10-2, 2.58×10-2, and 8.12×10-3. Moreover, the average logarithmic errors of the calibration method are evaluated and compared with the former method in different Gaussian noises and projective lines. The variances of the average errors using the proposed method are 1.70×10-5, 1.39×10-4, 1.13×10-4, and 4.06×10-4, which indicates the stability and accuracy of the method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Instrumentation	Calibration method,Gaussian noises,measurement validity,projective lines
Sequencing twin automated stacking cranes in a block at automated container terminal	2016	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2016 Elsevier Ltd.In the considered automated container terminal (ACT) that is designed for Shanghai Yangsha Terminal, two automated stacking cranes (ASCs) are configured for each block and they interact with automated lifting vehicles (ALVs) at the two ends of a block individually. To increase the capacity, container yards with multiple rows of blocks perpendicular to the terminal's shoreline are considered. To utilize the yard spaces, the twin ASCs are devised to share the same tracks installed at the two sides of a block, while interferences between the ASCs challenge the routing and sequencing operations. To isolate the control and simplify the coordination of the two ASCs, the interference between ASCs is formulated by analyzing the minimal temporal intervals between any two tasks. Three models are then established to sequence the container handling tasks under the minimization of the makespan. An exact algorithm and a genetic algorithm are designed to solve the problem. Numerical experiments show that the algorithms are competitive comparing to on-the-shelf solvers. Practical implications are investigated based on the formulations and experimental results. The managerial implications and technological aspects of applying the formulations and algorithms to practical situations to real-world ACTs are discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	23	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminal,Automated stacking crane,Container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Logistics management,Maritime logistics
Robust feature recognition and precise path tracking for vision-guided AGV	2016	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2016, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.An approach of robust feature recognition and precise path tracking based on two visual field windows was proposed for an AGV to identify multi-branch paths and station point reliably, and to follow guide paths accurately. The whole visual field was used as a pattern recognition window, in which a recognition method based on kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) and BP neural network was developed. Path features were mapped to a high-dimensional space by using the kernel function and then their dimensionalities were reduced by using PCA. After dimensionality reduction, the sample matrices were recognized by utilizing a BP neural network. Besides, a scaling window method based on a vertical view angle and a tilt installation angle of a camera was suggested for a guidance scanning window. In this window, guide paths were simplified according to a linear model and fitted by using the least square method. Path deviations with respect to the fitted straight line were estimated for AGV guidance. Experimental results show that the KPCA-BP approach improves the real-time performance and robustness of path feature recognition significantly, the average correct rate of which is 99.5% for six types of landmark feature, and that the guidance scanning window decreases the computing error resulted from linear fitting of guide paths effectively, the tracking error of which is no more than 3 mm for linear path and 30 mm for curvilinear path.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	13	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Back propagation neural network,Feature recognition,Kernel principal component analysis,Path tracking,Vision guidance
Novel intersection type recognition for autonomous vehicles using a multi-layer laser scanner	2016	Sensors (Switzerland)	2016 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.There are several types of intersections such as merge-roads, diverge-roads, plus-shape intersections and two types of T-shape junctions in urban roads. When an autonomous vehicle encounters new intersections, it is crucial to recognize the types of intersections for safe navigation. In this paper, a novel intersection type recognition method is proposed for an autonomous vehicle using a multi-layer laser scanner. The proposed method consists of two steps: (1) static local coordinate occupancy grid map (SLOGM) building and (2) intersection classification. In the first step, the SLOGM is built relative to the local coordinate using the dynamic binary Bayes filter. In the second step, the SLOGM is used as an attribute for the classification. The proposed method is applied to a real-world environment and its validity is demonstrated through experimentation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Intersections,Local coordinate,Multi-laser scanner,Occupancy grid map,Recognition,Static map
Using fast model-based fault localisation to aid students in self-guided program repair and to improve assessment	2016	Annual Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education, ITiCSE	Computer science instructors need to manage the rapid improvement of novice programmers through teaching, self-guided learning, and assessment. Appropriate feedback, both generic and personalised, is essential to facilitate student progress. Automated feedback tools can also accelerate the marking process and allow instructors to dedicate more time to other forms of tuition and students to progress more rapidly. Massive Open Online Courses rely on automated tools for both self-guided learning and assessment. Fault localisation takes a significant part of debugging time. Popular spectrum-based methods do not narrow the potential fault locations sufficiently to assist novices. We therefore use a fast and precise model-based fault localisation method and show how it can be used to improve self-guided learning and accelerate assessment. We apply this to a large selection of actual student coursework submissions, providing more precise localisation within a sub-second response time. We show this using small test suites, already provided in the coursework management system, and on expanded test suites, demonstrating scaling. We also show compliance with test suites does not predictably score a class of "almost correct" submissions, which our tool highlights.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	5	Management of Technology and Innovation,Education	Assessment,Debugging,Model-based fault localisation,Self- Training,Student code submissions
Scheduling problem of unidirectional material handling system with short-cut	2016	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	2016, The Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation. All right reserved.Unidirectional circulation-type material handling system on a single loop with a shortcut is a typical and basic unit in a flexible manufacturing system or logistics system. It is widely used in semiconductor wafer fabrication system. Superposition efficiency of the basic unit often determines the one of the whole system. Different scheduling rules impact the interference between AGVs and then have an important effect on the efficiency of the whole system. To decrease the interference and improve performance of the system, a mathematical model of this system was made, analyzing this system by simulation and comparing the merits and demerits under the different scheduling rules. Simulation results show that the Order rule is better than the Random rule under the condition of same processing time. Under the condition of different processing time, the SPT-Order rule not only makes congestion (interference time) decrease but also achieves the optimal performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Material handling system,Optimization,Scheduling,Short-cut
Path-planning modules for Autonomous Vehicles: Current status and challenges	2016	ICAMIMIA 2015 - International Conference on Advanced Mechatronics, Intelligent Manufacture, and Industrial Automation, Proceeding - In conjunction with Industrial Mechatronics and Automation Exhibition, IMAE	2015 IEEE.A detailed survey of the available literature on path planning of Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV) is conducted, including the overview of single-robot control architectures, different path-planning approaches, analyses of current sensor systems and different velocity estimation techniques. In order to achieve the full autonomous operation of a mobile robot, path or motion planning, i.e., the planning of a collision-free path from a start to goal position through a collection of obstacles, is the fundamental task in the field of autonomous control systems. As AGVs are used in a wide variety of applications to perform autonomous tasks, organising their intelligence plays a key role in successfully programming a robot for a particular application and applying the right control architecture makes the autonomous control problem easier to solve. For autonomous vehicles, sensors play an important role in acquiring different attributes of the working environment and, by extracting meaningful information from these data, the autonomous system can acquire knowledge about its environment. Moreover, different velocity estimation techniques are reviewed in the context of dealing with the dynamic obstacles. A brief review of the available literature on path-planning approaches and techniques is provided.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	7	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Simple and robust localization system using ceiling landmarks and infrared light	2016	IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA	2016 IEEE.The development and implementation of an indoor localization system has been a long-established goal in autonomous navigation research. A variety of solutions has been proposed during the last three decades. In particular, landmark-based localization has been applied widely within indoor systems. Focusing in providing a simpler, more flexible and robust solution, this paper proposes a variation of a ceiling landmark-based localization system by using infrared light in which the mentioned characteristics are especially taken into account.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Fingers gestures early-recognition with a unified framework for RGB or depth camera	2016	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2016 ACM.This paper presents a unified framework computer vision approach for finger gesture early recognition and interaction that can be applied on sequences of either RGB or depth images without any supervised skeleton extraction. Either RGB or time-of-flight cameras can be used to capture finger motions. The hand detection is based on a skin color model for color images or distance slicing for depth images. A unique hand model is used for the finger detection and identification. Static (fingerings) and dynamic (sequence and/or combination of fingerings) patterns can be early-recognized based on one-shot learning approach using a modified Hidden Markov Models approach. The recognition accuracy is evaluated in two different applications: musical and robotic interaction. In the first case standardized basic piano-like finger gestures (ascending/descending scales, ascending/descending arpeggio) are used to evaluate the performance of the system. In the second case, both standardized and user-defined gestures (driving, waypoints etc.) are recognized and used to interactively control an automated guided vehicle.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Computer vision,Early recognition,Finger motion patterns,Standardized interaction,Unified framework,User-defined interaction
A QFD-based expert system for industrial truck selection in manufacturing organizations	2016	Journal of Manufacturing Technology Management	Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose - Availability of accurate quantity of materials, at correct place and at right time is extremely critical for increasing production effectiveness of any manufacturing organization. This can be achieved through employing an appropriate material handling equipment (MHE) capable of performing the desired operation. Therefore, choosing a right MHE from the available options is a key concern for the success, growth and competitiveness of a manufacturing organization. The purpose of this paper is to describe the design and development of an expert system based on quality function deployment (QFD) methodology in Visual Basic 6.0 for selecting the most appropriate industrial truck which is a commonly practiced MHE in any manufacturing organization. Design/methodology/approach - A QFD-based approach is adopted to incorporate customers' needs into the evaluation criteria on the basis of which industrial truck selection is carried out. The applicability of the developed expert system in solving industrial truck selection problems is demonstrated using two illustrative examples. Findings - While applying this QFD-based model, CPCD 80x manufactured by Heli is recognized as the most suitable forklift truck for transporting unitized loads within a manufacturing unit with some spatial constraints, and for loading/unloading packages/boxes/cartons and place them at the desired locations in a manufacturing unit, ETV 216 manufactured by Jungheinrich evolves out as the most suitable reach truck. Originality/value - Till date, numerous research articles have been published suggesting the applications of various mathematical models, multi-criteria decision-making methods and knowledgebased systems for solving MHE selection problems, and it is intriguing to note that none of the previously adopted methods has proposed a systematic procedure for selection of the evaluation criteria and interrelated the needs of customers with the technical specifications of MHEs while identifying the best alternative for performing a specified operation. These issues can be addressed through application of this developed QFD-based expert system, which can translate customers' needs into organizational functions that are implementable in the decision-making/selection procedure.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	9	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated materials handling,Computer applications,Decision making,Quality function deployment
Automated transportation of auxiliary resources in a semiconductor manufacturing facility	2016	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2016 IEEE.In this paper, we study the design of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) transport system for the main auxiliary resource, the mask (also called reticle), in the photolithography area of a semiconductor wafer fabrication facility. We propose two approaches: A static approach based on a simple formula and a dynamic approach relying on a discrete-event simulation model. All the elements of the proposed transport system are characterized. Different layouts and dispatching rules are evaluated and compared using Key Performance Indicators such as the number of performed transport requests, and the assignment and delivery times. Based on these indicators, we show that dispatching rules have a significant impact on the number of required vehicles to perform all the transport requests and that layouts affect the assignment and delivery times. Finally, we have been able to define the adequate transport system that can absorb the transport demand and fits the production environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	4	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
An image enhancement method for non-uniform illumination with illumination constraints for vision-guided AGV	2016	International Conference on Advanced Mechatronic Systems, ICAMechS	2016 IEEE.To reduce the non-uniform illumination and high light caused by the coaxial annular LED array light used for vision-based automated guided vehicle, an image enhancement method for non-uniform illumination with illumination constraints is proposed, Firstly, the illumination model of the coaxial annular LED array light is established, the parameters of the model are estimated by using the nonlinear least squares Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm for the monochromatic diffuse reflection template image. Another method based on irradiance average normalization is proposed to remove the influence of non-uniform illumination. In order to reduce the high light, the chrominance of color image that should be enhanced is complemented. The experimental results show that the proposed method can effectively improve the robustness of image enhancement for vision guidance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	automated guided vehicle,illumination model,image enhancement,non-uniform illumination
A deep belief networks adaptive Kalman filtering algorithm	2016	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Software Engineering and Service Sciences, ICSESS	2016 IEEE.Deep belief networks (DBN) which is an important method in deep learning has a good learning ability to get the characteristics from data. By using DBN to learn the consistency of the innovation sequence in Kalman filtering (KF), the accuracy and robustness of KF can be improved. Through the simulation of the positioning system in Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), the new algorithm that combines KF with DBN has good adaptability to the statistical properties of noise system, which can improve the positioning accuracy and prevent filter divergence.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software	Automated Guided Vehicle,deep belief networks,Kalman filtering,positioning
Decentralized dispatching for blocking avoidance in automate material handling systems	2016	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2016 IEEE.Advancements in communication and computing technologies have made promising the decentralized control of automated material handling systems (AMHS) to alleviate blocking and congestion of production flows and raise productivity in an automated large-scale factory. With the growing availability of edge computing and low-cost mobile communications, either among vehicles (V2V) or between vehicles and machines (V2M), decentralized vehicle control may exploit frequent and low latency exchanges of neighborhood information and local control computation to increase AMHS operation efficiency. In this study, a decentralized control algorithm design, BALI (blocking avoidance by exploiting location information) algorithm, exploits V2X exchanges of local information for transport job matching, blocking inference, and job exchange for vehicle dispatching in AMHS. Performance evaluation of the BALI algorithm by discrete-event simulation shows that the BALI algorithm can significantly reduce blocking and congestion in production flows as compared to commonly used Nearest Job First rule-based heuristics.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Enriching Simheuristics with Petri net models: Potential applications to logistics and supply chain management	2016	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2016 IEEE.Some classic and complex problems in Operations Research consist of simplified versions of real logistic and supply chain management applications. One common and successful, but approximated approach for coping with these problems considers the system of interest isolated from its environment. In such a case, the links to the real world may be reduced to a set of parameters associated with probabilistic distributions. Simheuristics is a solving methodology able to provide efficiently near-optimal solutions for these constrained problems. This paper presents a methodology combining Simheuristics with a Petri net model, describing the environment of a logistic system. An extended version of the capacitated vehicle routing problem with stochastic demands is stated adding a Petri net model. Petri nets are widely used for modeling parallelism and concurrency, providing a realistic description of this environment, which may change the behavior of the isolated system and the scope of the decision-making.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	3	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Traffic simulation model for port planning and congestion prevention	2016	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2016 IEEE.Effective management of land-side transportation provides the competitive advantage to port terminal operators in improving services and efficient use of limited space in an urban port. We present a hybrid simulation model that combines traffic-flow modeling and discrete-event simulation for land-side port planning and evaluation of traffic conditions for a number of what-if scenarios. We design our model based on a real-world case of a bulk cargo port. The problem is interesting due to complexity of heterogeneous closed-looped internal vehicles and external vehicles traveling in spaces with very limited traffic regulation (no traffic lights, no traffic wardens) and the traffic interactions with port operations such as loading and unloading cargos. Our simulation results show interesting decision-support scenarios for decision makers to evaluate future port planning possibilities and to derive regulation policies governing the port traffic.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	4	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Ultra-wideband aided precision parking for wireless power transfer to electric vehicles in real life scenarios	2016	IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference	2016 IEEE.Ultra-wideband wireless positioning technologies based on IEEE 802.15.4a have gained attention for various use cases requiring highly precise localization. In this paper an ultra-wideband based approach is proposed and validated for a vehicular use case requiring highly precise local positioning in a dedicated parking lot. For efficient power transfer in wireless charging of electric vehicles scenarios, an accurate alignment of the coils of vehicle and ground is essential. The specific challenge addressed in this paper is that the proposed approach achieves the required lateral accuracy with only two groundbased anchor nodes in combination with one vehicle-based node. For the in-depth validation of the proposed system concept, two experiments are performed: the first one is conducted with an electric vehicle representing a real park-to-charge-case, whereas the second experiment is executed in a controlled environment to allow for further alignment error analysis. The experiments show, that an error lower than 10 cm can be achieved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	7	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Electric vehicle (EV),Precision parking,Ultra-wideband (UWB),Vehicle to infrastructure (V2I),Wireless power transfer (WPT)
Handling errors in dynamic production environments	2016	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN)	2016 IEEE.For future manufacturing systems with a high variety in products and a dynamic production environment, concepts for adapting production are becoming more important. Errors in processes need to be detected quickly and a fast reaction is necessary to prevent failures. Minimizing production stops and swiftly getting back to production is one main goal. Manufacturing systems have to become more intelligent to be able to autonomously react on errors. We propose an approach for explicitly modeling error handling steps in production workflows and using these models to influence the production process. Depending on the type of error, different strategies for resolving the error are executed. The error handling is embedded into an autonomous planning architecture for adaptable manufacturing systems. The approach is evaluated using an experimental setup that is designed for educational purposes. The results are presented and discussed in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	None
Effectively manifesting concurrency bugs in android apps	2016	Proceedings - Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference, APSEC	2016 IEEE.Smartphones are indispensable in people's daily lives. As smartphone apps are being increasingly concurrent, developers are increasingly unable to tackle the complexity and to avoid subtle concurrency bugs. To better address this issue, we propose a novel approach to manifesting concurrency bugs in Android apps based on the fact that one can simultaneously generate input events and their schedules for an app. We conduct static-dynamic hybrid analysis to find potentially conflicting resource accesses in an app. The app is then automatically pressure-tested by guided event and schedule generation. We implemented the prototype tool AATT and evaluated it over thirteen popular real-world open-source apps. AATT successfully found 9 concurrency bugs out of which 7 were previously unknown.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	8	Software	Concurrency Bugs,Conflicting Resource Accesses,Event Generation,Hybrid Analysis
Automated guided vehicle navigation with obstacle avoidance in normal and guided environments	2016	11th International Conference on Industrial and Information Systems, ICIIS 2016 - Conference Proceedings	2016 IEEE.The paper presents techniques for navigation by Automated Guided Vehicle in two different environments to reach its destination. The environments are, a) Normal(unguided) and b) Guided. An artificial potential function is defined to seek out for goal in normal environment. Initial calculation of optimal path out of several paths from source to destination and traversing the chosen path through nodes (RF-ID tags) is the technique for guided environment. Obstacles hinder the desired movement in both the environments. Attractive and repulsive forces approach helps in avoiding obstacles in unguided environment and leads to point of minimum potential for stabilization. The reverse tracking to the previous node is the technique proposed while facing the obstacle in guided environment. On reaching the previous node, it recalculates optimal path barring the current one if obstacle is still present on that path. The results obtained show the efficacy of techniques in trajectory tracking avoiding the obstacles for both the environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	7	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Artificial Potential Function(APF),Automated Guided Vehicle(AGV),Guided Environment,Node,Optimum Path,Unguided Environment
Trajectory tracking by automated guided vehicle using GA optimized sliding mode control	2016	11th International Conference on Industrial and Information Systems, ICIIS 2016 - Conference Proceedings	2016 IEEE.The current state-of-Art trajectory tracking control for four wheel differential driven vehicle is found to be unreliable in certain cases. The vehicle motion needs to be controlled using optimization algorithms in order to follow the desired trajectory satisfactorily. Sliding mode controller (SMC) is employed for such non-linear systems to make trajectory tracking robust taking into account all surrounding uncertainties. The algorithm obtains an intermediate sliding surface for the vehicle such that the error between actual and desired trajectory is minimum. In this paper, Genetic Algorithm has been used to tune SMC gain parameters. The mathematical model of the vehicle has been developed in the paper for generating desired control actions. The conventional PID control is also applied separately for trajectory tracking by the vehicle. A comparative analysis between two controllers is presented in this paper. The results obtained show the tracking efficiency of SMC even in the presence of disturbances.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	7	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Automated Guided vehicle(AGV),Genetic Algorithm(GA),PID control,Sliding Mode Control(SMC),Trajectory Tracking
An Active RFID Tag-Enabled Locating Approach with Multipath Effect Elimination in AGV	2016	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2016 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have been largely used in manufacturing and supply chain management. With the development of Auto-ID technologies like radio frequency identification (RFID), AGVs' positioning could be enhanced. This paper demonstrates using magnetic field lines in the AGVs for precise coverage locating based on the errors' suppression positioning method. Dolph-Chebyshev antenna array is used to enable AGVs with more precise location implementation. It is observed that the far-field active RFID system positioning accuracy is higher, the movement is more stable, and the fluctuating rate is smaller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Active radio frequency identification (RFID),automated guided vehicle (AGV),magnetic field lines,positioning
Measurement-based wireless network planning, monitoring, and reconfiguration solution for robust radio communications in indoor factories	2016	IET Science, Measurement and Technology	The Institution of Engineering and Technology.Nowadays, the harsh industrial environment remains one of the vital challenges for an effective deployment of wireless technologies in factories to promote the industrial upgrade. In this study, a complete solution is proposed for robust radio communications in indoor factories. Herein, measurement setups are integrated with industrial mobile facilities, e.g. an automated guided vehicle and a mobile robot. Calibration is advised for accurately revealing an industrial radio environment. A hybrid sequential design strategy is used to enhance the efficiency of the measurement campaign. This further leads to a surrogate modelling based radio environment map, which facilitates a holistic view and evaluation of the radio quality of service over the target shop floor. In addition, an over-dimensioning heuristic is proposed to guarantee that every target location can be wirelessly covered by at least two access points (APs). Moreover, the smart switch mechanism dynamically powers on/off the over-dimensioned APs, so as to ensure full coverage even at the presence of physical disturbance. The investigation on two real factories and the coverage prediction tool WHIPP further demonstrates the solution's effectiveness. Eventually, a rich outlook is drawn for the roadmap towards an artificially intelligent system for robust industrial wireless communications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	10	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Optimal path estimation and tracking for an automated vehicle using ga optimized fuzzy controller	2016	11th International Conference on Industrial and Information Systems, ICIIS 2016 - Conference Proceedings	2016 IEEE.Proper path estimation and then tracking it accurately is challenging task for any Automated Vehicle(AV) on industry floor. The paper proposes an algorithm which uses computer vision along with fuzzy control to estimate and track the path for any orientation and position. The computer vision techniques are used to detect and locate the target in the neighborhood environment. The optimal path between initial and final target with specific orientation requirements of vehicle is considered to be governed by cubic curve fitting technique. The fuzzy inference based control system effectively tracks down the estimated path which eliminates iterative updates and heavy computations. Genetic algorithm is implemented to select optimal input and output membership functions. The path tracking uses Mamdani fuzzy inference model which performs smoothly with very less computational complexity. The results obtained from experiments demonstrate that the algorithm is simple to implement yet effective in target tracking in complex environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Automated vehicle(av),Computer vision,Fuzzy inference system(fis),Genetic algorithm(ga),Path estimation,Path tracking,Target detection,Target localization
A study on the lot production management in a thin-film-transistor liquid-crystal display fab	2016	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2016 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Because of their higher processing priority, hot lots often interrupt the production of regular lots in a Thin-Film-Transistor Liquid-Crystal Display (TFT-LCD) fab. As a result, how to manage the production of hot lots so that their production demand can be met and their negative effects on regular lots minimized is a very important issue. In this paper, we identity three problems - the lot selection of interbay AGVs, the lot selection of intrabay machines, and the photo bay selection of lots - that can affect the production of hot lots and regular lots and propose methods for them. A fuzzy-based dynamic bidding (FBDB) method is proposed for the first two problems. The bidding functions in this FBDB method consider several attributes of the current system to obtain the true values of bids. An earliest possible time (EPT) method that also considers several attributes of the current system is proposed for the third problem. These two methods are compared with methods used by a Taiwanese TFT-LCD fab through computer simulations. The effects of hot lot ratios on the performance of these methods are also analyzed. Six performance measures are adopted to measure the throughput and tardiness performance of all lots, regular lots and hot lots. The simulation results show applying the FBDB and EPT methods to the three problems studied here can result in very good results in all performance measures.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Lot production management,Lot selection,Photo bay selection
Object tracking with movement prediction algorithms	2016	11th International Conference on Industrial and Information Systems, ICIIS 2016 - Conference Proceedings	2016 IEEE.The task of tracking an object becomes tedious when the object moves through a dynamic background and the camera also has a random motion. This type of problem has three main aspects-object detection, prediction of object motion and compensation of the camera motion. In this paper, we have developed three algorithms using three different object detection algorithms, namely background subtraction, template matching and Speeded Up Robust Features (SURF). Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF) algorithm has been devised for the motion prediction of the moving object as well as to compensate for the camera movement. The proposed algorithms have been validated through extensive simulations performed on several video datasets and an analytical study has also been presented. Through the simulation results, performance of the proposed algorithms are compared.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	background subtraction,Object tracking,SURF,template matching,Unscented Kalman Filter
Research on scheduling and optimization under uncertain conditions in panel block production line in shipbuilding	2016	International Journal of Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering	2016 Society of Naval Architects of Korea. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V.Based on non-completely hybrid flow line scheduling of panel block in shipbuilding, several uncertain factors influencing the problem were analyzed in a real environment, and a nonlinear integer programming model was built for each sub-scheduling problem. To narrow the difference between theory and application, rolling horizon and rescheduling methods are proposed. Moreover, with respect to the uncertainty of processing time, arriving time and due time, we take the minimizing of the early and delayed delivery costs as the objective, and establish an evaluation with a global penalty function. Finally, numerical experiments and a simulation analysis were undertaken to demonstrate the effectiveness of the model and algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Ocean Engineering	Flow line,Non-completely hybrid,Panel block,Rescheduling,Rolling horizon
High level classification recommended decision making for Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV)	2016	Journal of Computational and Theoretical Nanoscience	An Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV) should be capable of self-navigating through various terrains based on priori data as well as self-configuring and optimizing its motion on the basis of sensed data. Research is in progress to improve terrain perception for planning, execution, and control of desired motion of an AGV. During the perception phase multiple classification techniques are used depending on underlying sensing technology. Obstacle detection in case of a compositetyped terrain is a challenging task because in order to apply classification the image has to be known as a single type. Image segmentation and then classifying each image-segment separately can help AGV proceed in the same direction (by selecting another path) even if it detects an obstacle in the image. This paper proposes a fuzzy classification scheme for terrain identification and obstacle detection to improve self-organization according to terrain type. In order to take an accurate decision, classified objects coming from the perception phase of different sensors need to be fused into a single accurate representation for both the environment and the obstacle. Moreover, we provide means for intelligent decision making in the selection of sensors, fusion of sensor data, assessment of obstacle state and direction. Finally, the evaluation of a recommended decision has been performed for the vehicle speed and direction.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	1	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Condensed Matter Physics,Computational Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous Ground Vehicle,Classification,Fusion,Fuzzy Rules,Kalman Filter
Integrated navigation and local mapping system for a single-axis wheeled module	2016	Gyroscopy and Navigation	2016, Pleiades Publishing, Ltd.The paper considers a design of integrated navigation system of a single-axis wheeled module used to perform various functions in airdrome infrastructure. The core of the integrated navigation system is a strapdown inertial navigation system integrated with a video camera and dynamic model of a single-axis wheeled module with nonholonomic contact with underlying surface. The integrated navigation system simultaneously estimates the module navigation parameters and the coordinates of the landmarks observed by the video camera. The system is shown to determine the navigation parameters and to construct the structural map of landmarks over rather long periods without external aiding.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Russian Federation	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Heading Estimation Based on Magnetic Markers for Intelligent Vehicles	2016	Journal of Dynamic Systems, Measurement and Control, Transactions of the ASME	2016 by ASME.This paper presents a new real-time heading estimation method for an all-wheel steered single-articulated autonomous vehicle guided by a magnetic marker system. To achieve good guidance control for the vehicle, precise estimation of the position and heading angle during travel is necessary. The main concept of this study is to estimate the heading angle from the relative orientations of the magnetic markers and the vehicle motion. To achieve this, a kinematic model of the all-wheel steered vehicle is derived and combined with the motion of a magnetic ruler mounted near each axle underneath the vehicle. The position coordinates and polarities of the magnetic markers, which are provided a priori, are used to determine the vehicle position at every detection instance. A gyroscope is employed to assist real-time heading estimation at sample times when there are no marker detection data. The proposed method was tested on a real vehicle and evaluated by comparing the experimental results with those of the differential global positioning system (DGPS) in real-time kinematics (RTK) mode. Experimental results show that the proposed method exhibits good performance for heading estimation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Instrumentation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Squirrel-Cage Induction Generator System Using Wavelet Petri Fuzzy Neural Network Control for Wind Power Applications	2016	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics	1986-2012 IEEE.A wavelet Petri fuzzy neural network (WPFNN) controller is proposed to control squirrel-cage induction generator (SCIG) system with an ac/dc power converter and a dc/ac power inverter for grid-connected wind power applications. First, the ac/dc power converter and the dc/ac power inverter are developed to deliver the electric power generated by a three-phase SCIG to power grid. Moreover, the ac/dc power converter and the dc/ac power inverter are mainly designed to control the mechanical rotor speed, dc-link voltage, and reactive power output of the SCIG system, respectively. Furthermore, since the varying active power outputs of the dc/ac power inverter seriously affect the tracking control of the dc-link voltage, a novel intelligent WPFNN controller is proposed to replace the traditional proportional-integral controller for the tracking control of the dc-link voltage in this study. In addition, the network structure and the online learning algorithm of the proposed WPFNN are described in detail. Finally, some experimental results are provided to show the effectiveness of the intelligent controlled-SCIG system using the proposed WPFNN controller for grid-connected wind power applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	27	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Indirect field-oriented mechanism,Squirrel-cage induction generator,Wavelet Petri fuzzy neural network
Aerial swarms as asymmetric threats	2016	2016 International Conference on Unmanned Aircraft Systems, ICUAS 2016	2016 IEEE.Despite being unmatched on the battlefield or at home, low-cost, asymmetric threats have proven dangerous for U.S. military forces and homeland security. The proliferation of improvised explosive devices of all types in the Iraqi and Afghan theaters has demonstrated that inexpensive, commercial off-the-shelf technology and some electronics knowledge can be combined to significantly impact high-tech operations. Autonomous GPS-guided and semi-autonomous unmanned aerial vehicles will change the paradigm in their employment in the very near future. While a single attack might be insignificant, a swarm of robotic devices could prove a credible threat. In this paper we discuss the impact and limitations of commercially off-the-shelf drones and what measures might be used to counter these devices. We back up our findings with flight tests and observations on systems commonly used for research but also easily available to adversaries and bad actors. Finally, we present some speculation on the potential implementation of swarms using these vehicles as a continuation to the discussion.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Aerospace Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Qualitative tracking of objects in a smart home: A passive RFID approach based on decision trees	2016	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	Copyright 2016 is held by the owner/author(s).This paper presents a novel Indoor Tracking System (IT- S) based on passive radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology. The new ITS exploits decision trees built from one dataset per room of a smart home. The datasets are built using a bottle equipped with four class 3 RFID tags and by dividing each room into qualitative zones. The paper discusses how to exploit positioning from decision trees to implement real-time tracking. The long term goal of this ITS is to extract qualitative spatial information to improve recognition of daily living activities' granularity. The results obtained are very encouraging as the average accuracy of the trajectories recognized is over 75%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	1	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Decision Trees,RFID,Smart home,Tracking
Future farming - Robotic delivery system Jackbot Mark i	2016	2016 IEEE Conference on Wireless Sensors, ICWiSE 2016	2016 IEEE.In Agriculture, farming is an important process to provide us foods. The production of farming is increasing due to the world population increased. Scientists and Engineers are working on it in order to increase the productions and reduce the time required. Hence, planting and harvest technologies are improved significantly. However, the farming delivering process also is a very important process to make sure the foods are fresh and in good condition, which is not highly emphasized by the people yet. The problem is the process of the traditional delivery system is too slow. Jackbot Mark I is a solution to this problem. Jackbot Mark I is a robot that has the ability to move and carry loads. It is a robotic delivery system that is applicable in farming warehouses. The robot was built to be fully automatic with onboard sensors to obtain information about the surrounding environment when the switches are on. A microcontroller-Raspberry Pi 2 is used to control the robot. The robot move using line-follower concept. The robot will move the desired destination decided by the user and stop when it reach the destination. In short, the robot helps people reduce time in the farming delivering process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications	Delivering System,Farming,Line-Follower,Robot,Sensors
A design of fuzzy control for line following together with distance keeping on wheel robot	2016	Proceedings of 2015 International Conference on Orange Technologies, ICOT 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper presents a controller design of line following together with distance keeping based on fuzzy logic for application of automatic guided vehicle. We implement the design in wheel robots. The line following detection sensor is an array of infrared light sensor. The distance detection sensor is an ultrasonic ranging finder. The line-following control and distance-keeping control are directly combined to drive the servomotor of wheel robot. Performance is examined on an Stype orbit.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Social Psychology,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	Distance Control,Fuzzy Control,Line Follow,Wheel Robot
Resource planning of intermodal terminals using timed Petri nets	2016	2016 13th International Workshop on Discrete Event Systems, WODES 2016	2016 IEEE.In this paper we show how timed Petri nets can be efficiently used to solve problems related to resource planning in intermodal freight transport terminals. In particular, the tackled issues regard the strategic planning of the number of facilities used to transfer the intermodal transport units and the capacity/frequency of the transportation means. A real case study is considered, namely a rail-road terminal located in southern Italy. Monte Carlo simulations based on the timed Petri net model of the terminal are carried out considering various scenarios, including both the regular behavior based on real data, and situations of potential congestion resulting from increase in the commercial flows.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	None
Backward conflict free systems with resources and their distributed control using Petri nets	2016	2016 13th International Workshop on Discrete Event Systems, WODES 2016	2016 IEEE.One of the major concerns facing the modern engineering community is the development of efficient deadlock control policies for manufacturing systems, primarily because of the non-tractability and non-scalability of most existing control policies. Aiming to bring all active process instances to completion, this paper focuses on distributed control of systems integrating assembly operations with flexible routes. Each step's execution depends on the search of a feasible event sequence, leading the currently-active process instance from its current place to its nearest global critical place. In the context of this search, feedback information on the current resource allocation status, combined with information about future process resource requirements, are used to keep the currently-active process instance away from deadlock states. As we shall see in the following, such an on-line and real-time predictive control policy makes improvements on many perspectives such as computational complexity and system performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	None
A model for storage facility design with energy costs	2016	2016 6th International Conference on Computers Communications and Control, ICCCC 2016	2016 IEEE.The design of a warehouse or distribution center (DC) has become an essential tool for the optimization of the supply chain in most industries. Energy consumption in this type of facilities is an important issue which has not received much attention in the scientific community which has focused instead in two-dimensional routing optimization. In this paper the problem of designing a rectangular warehouse in a fully or partially automated factory or distribution center is addressed. In these facilities the movement is performed either by an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) or by automated robotics equipment of Cartesian movement attached to the storage racks. In the literature there exist works with formulas to design shelves in two and three dimensions buy they do not adequately consider the problem of movement in the Z-axis, thereby giving inefficient results with very high shelves and ignoring energy consumption and costs. This occurs because the known approaches consider the movement only on the X-Y plane as expensive as in height movement, which in general does not hold in actual facilities. The problem is exacerbated for heavy materials due to greater energy waste. In this paper the above problem is solved by a model with an extra component for the cost of movement in height. With the model and derived formulas, lower shelves with less energy consumption are generated. The formulas developed are optimal with respect to travel distances and they are obtained from solving a nonlinear optimization problem with linear constraints through a Lagrange transformation. The paper contribution is to optimize warehouse design for reduced energy consumption and pollution both relevant aspects in sustainable engineering systems. A practical application in a distributor of MRO items is presented along with measured energy cost impacts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Chile	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	Energy optimization,green supply chains,integrated facility design
Priority based optimal path routing for automated guided vehicle	2016	2015 IEEE Workshop on Computational Intelligence: Theories, Applications and Future Directions, WCI 2015	2015 IEEE.The AGV system for industries needs to be efficient in terms of time, labour and cost. One way of achieving it is to make path routing algorithm optimal. From industrial point of view, there can be numerous locations of loading, unloading and disposal. The AGV must perform material handling by visiting different locations. Therefore, to make the routed path optimal, the paper proposes priority based implementation which can be adopted in industrial environment and the AGV can be made to follow the optimal path. The main focus of the method is to prioritize the locations to be visited and plan an optimal path for visiting locations in the same order of priority.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Logic	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Optimal Path Routing,Priority Based Implementation
Vision based obstacle avoidance and recognition system	2016	2015 IEEE Workshop on Computational Intelligence: Theories, Applications and Future Directions, WCI 2015	2015 IEEE.Automation techniques have been applied in almost every field in past few years. Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) are most often used in industries and inventories for object management. Obstacle avoidance being a necessary requirement for navigation in any vehicle, still faces many challenges in the field of automation due to uncertain nature of the surrounding environment. This paper presents the implementation of an obstacle avoidance method on an AGV using stereoscopic vision by creating a disparity map and measuring the relative distances of the objects in the scene. Not only it avoids collision but it also classifies the object into one of the specified categories using supervised learning algorithm. The integration of image classification with stereovision can allow the AGV to understand which objects to pick up and which ones to leave behind.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Logic	AGV,Disparity Map,K-Mean Clustering,Stereoscopic Vision,SVM
Trajectory tracking control method and experiment of AGV	2016	2016 IEEE 14th International Workshop on Advanced Motion Control, AMC 2016	2016 IEEE.Aiming at the trajectory tracking control of AGV in aeronautical manufacturing and automated warehouse, a novel trajectory tracking control method was proposed. Firstly, the kinematic model and trajectory tracking control model of AGV were established. After analysing the reversing problem of AGV in practical situation and the limitations of classic trajectory tracking control method, and based on the similarity between the forward mode and reversing mode of AGV, a novel trajectory tracking control rule was designed and its stability was proved. The trajectory tracking control rule had simpler, less amount of calculation and improved the flexibility and handling efficiency of AGV. Finally, the trajectory tracking control experiments of sinusoid and path consisting of segments and arcs were done on experimental platform. The experiment results verified that the trajectory tracking control method were effective and feasible. The method could meet the requirements of autonomous handing for AGV in aeronautical manufacturing and automated warehouse.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Lyapunov,Revering,Trajectory tracking control
Vision-based decision tree controller design method sensorless application by using angle knowledge Görü Tabanli Açi Bilgisi Kullanarak Karar Agaci Metodu ile Kontrolör Tasarimi ve Sensör Bagimsiz Uygulamasi	2016	2016 24th Signal Processing and Communication Application Conference, SIU 2016 - Proceedings	2016 IEEE.In this study, a new control model for differential drive mobile robots was developed by using image-based decision tree method(DTM). Developed mobile robot control model was designed in an obstacle-free environment. The wheel encoder sensor was designed as a controller capable of independent positioning by using real-time images from overhead cameras on the bird's eye view. In this new method, a virtual triangular area between the target and the robot was created. These triangular base angles were calculated on the image. Decision tree controller was determined as the difference between the base angles by branching. Decision Tree leaves control determines the left and right wheel speeds depending on the difference model design was carried out. The developed new controller model was tested on Khepera IV robot. In practice, the robot's speed and angle of the body was carried uncensored control and it was observed to find the target in different applications. Application of the results and performance of the system was shown.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	6	Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	Decision trees controller model,Khepera IV,Overhead camera,Sensorless control
Dispatching rules considering transport-related restrictions during failure scenarios - A use case: FA: Factory automation	2016	2016 27th Annual SEMI Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference, ASMC 2016	2016 IEEE.Integration of transport system information into Manufacturing Execution System (MES) dispatching rules is not yet standard practice. Yet, it could be helpful in several areas of a semiconductor fabrication plant. For example, to react to system failures. Even in fully-automated manufacturing facilities, the MES dispatches production material with consideration of tool utilization and lowest cycle-time. Transport-related restrictions are not reflected in the dispatching rules. The new system logic presented in this paper (called Vehicle Area Controller - VAC) proposes to overcome this limitation, and presents an initial example, which shows that this combination has the potential to minimize throughput loss for production, during AMHS failure scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	Automated Material Handling System,Semiconductor Fabrication Plant,Vehicle Allocation
Estimation of number of PGV for a 450mm fab: FA: Factory automation	2016	2016 27th Annual SEMI Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference, ASMC 2016	2016 IEEE.A mathematical method is proposed to estimate the minimum number of PGV (Person Guided Vehicle) for a 450mm wafer fab. As with the transition from 300mm to 450mm, the drive for 450mm wafers is primarily based on the economic benefits achieved by having a larger number of chip area on a substrate. This effort has begun at SUNY Polytechnic Institute Colleges of Nanoscale Science + Engineering, driven by the Global 450mm Consortium (G450C). The focus of G450C is to be a public-private partnership (CNSE, Intel, TSMC, Samsung, IBM and GLOBALFOUNDRIES) that develops cost effective test wafer fabrication infrastructure, equipment prototypes and high-volume tools to enable a coordinated semiconductor industry transition to the next silicon wafer size [1]. In the current paper, we propose a three-phase approach to obtain the required PGV number in a 450mm wafer fab. The objective is to calculate the minimum number of PGV for a 450mm fab located in Albany New York. In our methodology, we collected the fab layout, cleanroom space, from-to table, loading ratio, and other tool parameters as the input data of the model. Then we developed a mathematical model to calculate the number of PGV for a 450mm fab. This approach considered the total loaded vehicle travel time and the total empty vehicle travel time. Finally, decision makers can quickly obtain the minimum number of PGV under the different transport scenarios which are affected by a new tool move-in, tool relocation, and fab loading ratio change. In addition, this approach can be directly applicable to obtaining an initial estimate of the number of 450mm OHT (Overhead Hoist Transport) in a production fab.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	450mm,AMHS,OHT,PGV
Algorithmic safety measures for intelligent industrial co-robots	2016	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2016 IEEE.In factories of the future, humans and robots are expected to be co-workers and co-inhabitants in the flexible production lines. It is important to ensure that humans and robots do not harm each other. This paper is concerned with functional issues to ensure safe and efficient interactions among human workers and the next generation intelligent industrial co-robots. The robot motion planning and control problem in a human involved environment is posed as a constrained optimal control problem. A modularized parallel controller structure is proposed to solve the problem online, which includes a baseline controller that ensures efficiency, and a safety controller that addresses real time safety by making a safe set invariant. Capsules are used to represent the complicated geometry of humans and robots. The design considerations of each module are discussed. Simulation studies which reproduce realistic scenarios are performed on a planar robot arm and a 6 DoF robot arm. The simulation results confirm the effectiveness of the method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	17	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A multistage controller with smooth switching for Autonomous Pallet Picking	2016	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2016 IEEE.This paper addresses the problem of pallet picking by an Articulated-Frame-Steering (AFS) hydraulic machine. We propose a macro-micro visual mobile manipulation architecture, where a smooth switching logic navigates the robot to pick an object. The state space is divided into several regions depending on the accuracy of the vision and robot's degrees of freedom. The control architecture benefits from the following phenomena: at distance, when the location of the object of interest is detected, its orientation may not be reliably estimated; at some closer distances, orientations also become available; and because pallets are wide with small height, yaw angle estimation are more accurate than pitch is. The switching logic is devised to control the corresponding degree of freedom of the mobile manipulator in each region. Moreover, in different regions, we employ different coordinate frames, namely an earth-fixed frame or an object-local frame, which is more natural for the problem in that region. We show that the architecture accomplishes the following: 1) it eliminates the need for replanning as the accuracy of pose estimation improves; and 2) it provides the mobile base with a longer corridor to steer toward the pallet and align its heading. We also incorporate a robust, accurate solution based on fiducial markers for object manipulation in unstructured outdoor environments and unfavorable weather conditions, which relies solely on a monocular camera for pallet detection. The presented experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the method, as the model starts following the target even when the pallet is still 6m away from the vehicle.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Learning deep control policies for autonomous aerial vehicles with MPC-guided policy search	2016	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2016 IEEE.Model predictive control (MPC) is an effective method for controlling robotic systems, particularly autonomous aerial vehicles such as quadcopters. However, application of MPC can be computationally demanding, and typically requires estimating the state of the system, which can be challenging in complex, unstructured environments. Reinforcement learning can in principle forego the need for explicit state estimation and acquire a policy that directly maps sensor readings to actions, but is difficult to apply to unstable systems that are liable to fail catastrophically during training before an effective policy has been found. We propose to combine MPC with reinforcement learning in the framework of guided policy search, where MPC is used to generate data at training time, under full state observations provided by an instrumented training environment. This data is used to train a deep neural network policy, which is allowed to access only the raw observations from the vehicle's onboard sensors. After training, the neural network policy can successfully control the robot without knowledge of the full state, and at a fraction of the computational cost of MPC. We evaluate our method by learning obstacle avoidance policies for a simulated quadrotor, using simulated onboard sensors and no explicit state estimation at test time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	105	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Toward real-time 3D ultrasound registration-based visual servoing for interventional navigation	2016	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2016 IEEE.While intraoperative imaging is commonly used to guide surgical interventions, automatic robotic support for image-guided navigation has not yet been established in clinical routine. In this paper, we propose a novel visual servoing framework that combines, for the first time, full image-based 3D ultrasound registration with a real-time servo-control scheme. Paired with multi-modal fusion to a pre-interventional plan such as an annotated needle insertion path, it thus allows tracking a target anatomy, continuously updating the plan as the target moves, and keeping a needle guide aligned for accurate manual insertion. The presented system includes a motorized 3D ultrasound transducer mounted on a force-controlled robot and a GPU-based image processing toolkit. The tracking accuracy of our framework is validated on a geometric agar/gelatin phantom using a second robot, achieving positioning errors of on average 0.42-0.44 mm. With compounding and registration runtimes of up to total around 550 ms, real-time performance comes into reach. We also present initial results on a spine phantom, demonstrating the feasibility of our system for lumbar spine injections.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	9	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Robust object recognition in wearable eye tracking system	2016	Proceedings - 3rd IAPR Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition, ACPR 2015	2015 IEEE.Object recognition is a versatile capability. Automatic guided tours and augmented reality are just two examples. Humans seem to do it subconsciously - unaware of the extensive processing required for it - while it is a complex task for machines. Methods based on SIFT features have proven to be robust for recognition. However, a prior detection step is required to limit confusion, caused by, e.g., scene clutter. We present an attention-guided method that offloads this to humans through eye tracking. Gaze data is used to extract candidate patches to recognize afterwards. It improves upon previous work by automatically selecting the dynamic size of said patch, instead of fixed large local region. Therefore increasing robustness and independence compared to fixed window size technique.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
Research on precise positioning technology by multi-window and real-time measurement for visual navigation AGV	2016	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	2016, Science Press. All right reserved.In order to improve the positioning accuracy of visual navigation for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), one type of precise positioning technology based on multi-windows and real-time distance measure is proposed. The approach realizes the positioning identifier by rounding the location point. Firstly, a visual real-time distance measure model is formulated by using the on-board visual system. By combining the geometric feature of ellipse image and the curvature angle estimation, the ellipse margin is identified precisely. Secondly, the least squares is applied to fit a straight line for obtaining the ellipse center. Finally, the accurate positioning is achieved by utilizing multi-window image processing which divides the positioning process into multi-steps and adopts step by step approximation. The experimental results show that the proposed approach can improve the AGV positioning accuracy to 2 mm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Instrumentation	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Precise recognition,Real-time distance measure,Visual navigation
Low-complexity UWB-based collision avoidance system for automated guided vehicles	2016	ICT Express	2016 The Korean Institute of Communications Information SciencesThis paper describes a low-complexity collision avoidance system for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) based on active ultra-wide band (UWB) modules. In particular, we consider an industrial warehouse where all the AGVs and target nodes (TNs) (e.g., people) are equipped with active UWB modules. A communication session between a pair of UWB modules permits the exchange of information and the estimation of the distance between them. The UWB module positioned on an AGV is connected to an on-board computer; whenever the UWB module on an AGV receives a message from a TN, it communicates all the received data to the on-board computer that can decide to stop the AGV if the range estimate is below a given threshold. This prevents undesired collisions between the AGV and the TN. In this paper, we present the experimental results of the proposed collision avoidance system obtained using the UWB modules, PulsON 410 ranging and communication modules (P410 RCMs), produced by Time Domain.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	7	Software,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Collision avoidance,Ultra-wide band (UWB)
Container Inspection Utilizing 14 MeV Neutrons	2016	IEEE Transactions on Nuclear Science	2016 IEEE.A proposal for an autonomous and flexible ship container inspection system is presented. This could be accomplished by the incorporation of an inspection system on various container transportation devices (straddle carriers, yard gentry cranes, automated guided vehicles, trailers). The configuration is terminal specific and it should be defined by the container terminal operator. This enables that no part of the port operational area is used for inspection. The inspection scenario includes container transfer from ship to transportation device with the inspection unit mounted on it. The inspection is performed during actual container movement to the container location. A neutron generator without associated alpha particle detection is used. This allows the use of higher neutron intensities (5 × 109-1010 n/s in 4\pi). The inspected container is stationary in the 'inspection position' on the transportation device while the 'inspection unit' moves along its side. The following analytical methods will be used simultaneously: neutron radiography, X-ray radiography, neutron activation analysis, (n, γ) and (n,n'γ) reactions, neutron absorption. and scattering, X-ray backscattering. The neutron techniques will utilize 'smart collimators' for neutrons and gamma rays, both emitted and detected. The inspected voxel is defined by the intersection of the neutron generator and the detectors solid angles. The container inspection protocol is based on identification of discrepancies between the cargo manifest, elemental 'fingerprint' and radiography profiles. In addition, the information on container weight is obtained during the container transport and screening by measuring of density of material in the container.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Croatia	3	Nuclear and High Energy Physics,Nuclear Energy and Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Activation analysis,container inspection,gamma ray spectra,neutron absorption,neutron scattering,neutrons,radiography,X-ray backscattering
Navigation Scheme with Priority-Based Scheduling of Mobile Agents: Application to AGV-Based Flexible Manufacturing System	2016	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	2015, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.This paper proposes a new navigation approach for mobile agents in AGV (Autonomous Guided Vehicles)-based flexible manufacturing system. The navigation scheme combines a scheduled motion planner and a priority-based negotiation. The scheduled motion planner ensures the product transportation while choosing the appropriate resource among several. The priority policy is designed using a negotiation process to solve conflicts when agents navigate close to each other or towards the same resource. Some simulations are provided in order to show the pertinence of the proposed scheme as well as its feasibility when the number of mobile agents increases. They highlight the cooperation scheme, the appropriate selection of the resource during the navigation as well as the flexibility of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	8	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing systems,Mobile agents,Motion planning,Navigation
Hybrid heuristic algorithm for integrated scheduling in flexible Job Shops	2016	Zhejiang Daxue Xuebao (Gongxue Ban)/Journal of Zhejiang University (Engineering Science)	2016, Zhejiang University Press. All right reserved.The non-linear programming model was developed with an objective of minimizing system Makespan to solve the integrated scheduling problem of processing and handling in flexible job shops effectively. A greedy heuristic strategy based variable neighborhood search algorithm (GRS-RVNS) was put forward. The greedy heuristic strategy was designed with the combination of the just in time (JIT) and balanced production ideas, in order to get initial solution rapidly. An effective neighbor was constructed based on the disjunctive graph representations of the feasible solutions and properties and theorems of the disjunctive graph scheduling. The neighbor was used in the random variable neighborhood search algorithm. Finally, the experiments were designed for the proposed algorithm. Results indicate that the computing time of the proposed algorithm is short and the scheduling method is promising.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Flexible job shops,Handling,Heuristic algorithm,Scheduling,Variable neighborhood search algorithm
Improved ant colony algorithm for the optimal-quality-path routing problem with multi-constraints	2016	Xi'an Dianzi Keji Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Xidian University	2016, The Editorial Board of Journal of Xidian University. All right reserved.As the traffic congestion becomes more and more serious, the public evaluation standard for the road quality during driving changes greatly. How to avoid congestion to find the best way to travel has become an important scientific issue and social issue urgent to address in the context of building a smart city. Thus this paper first defines the novel concept of optimal path with multi-constraints and models it. Then, in order to solve the proposed model more efficiently, we improve the state transition rules of the heuristic function and pheromone update operator based on the classical ant colony algorithm by increasing the path optimization algorithm's awareness of real-time path quality information, such as traffic conditions, resulting in the strong dynamic adjustment ability of our proposed path optimization algorithm to path information. Simulation results show that our proposed ant colony algorithm can find the optimal path with multi-constraints more accurately and more quickly than other ant colony algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ant colony algorithm,Heuristic function,Multi-constraint path routing,Optimal quality path,Pheromone update
A Path Construction Algorithm for Translation Validation Using PRES+ Models	2016	Parallel Processing Letters	2016 World Scientific Publishing Company.Multi-core and multi-processor architectures have predominated the domain of embedded systems permitting easy mapping of concurrent applications to such architectures. The programs, in general, are subjected to significant optimizing and parallelizing transformations, automated and also human guided, before being mapped to an architecture. Modelling parallel behaviour and formally verifying that their functionality is preserved during synthesis are challenging tasks. Untimed PRES+ models are found to be suitable for the specification of parallel behaviour. Path cover oriented equivalence checking methods have been found to be quite effective for sequential behaviour. Path construction for parallel behaviour, however, is significantly more complex than that for sequential behaviour due to all possible interleavings of the parallel operations. Identification of the path covers depends upon choosing appropriate cut-points. In this paper, the need for introducing cut-points dynamically has been underlined and a mechanism to achieve this task is proposed. Details on how to construct a path cover using dynamic cut-points is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	5	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Hardware and Architecture	dynamic cut-points,equivalence checking,Formal verification,path cover,PRES+ models
A Path Construction Algorithm for Translation Validation Using PRES+ Models	2016	International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools	2016 World Scientific Publishing Company.Multi-core and multi-processor architectures have predominated the domain of embedded systems permitting easy mapping of concurrent applications to such architectures. The programs, in general, are subjected to significant optimizing and parallelizing transformations, automated and also human guided, before being mapped to an architecture. Modelling parallel behaviour and formally verifying that their functionality is preserved during synthesis are challenging tasks. Untimed PRES+ models are found to be suitable for the specification of parallel behaviour. Path cover oriented equivalence checking methods have been found to be quite effective for sequential behaviour. Path construction for parallel behaviour, however, is significantly more complex than that for sequential behaviour due to all possible interleavings of the parallel operations. Identification of the path covers depends upon choosing appropriate cut-points. In this paper, the need for introducing cut-points dynamically has been underlined and a mechanism to achieve this task is proposed. Details on how to construct a path cover using dynamic cut-points is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Artificial Intelligence	dynamic cut-points,equivalence checking,Formal verification,path cover,PRES+ models
Large-scale microscopic simulation of taxi services. Berlin and Barcelona case studies	2016	Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing	2016, The Author(s).The paper presents research on large-scale microscopic simulation of taxi services in Berlin and Barcelona based on floating car data collected by local taxi fleets. Firstly, Berlin’s and Barcelona’s taxi markets are shortly described and the demand and supply data obtained from FCD analysed. Secondly, the online taxi dispatching problem formulation for this specific case is given, followed by the definition of two real-time rule-based heuristics used to dispatch taxis dynamically within the simulation. Finally, the simulation setup in MATSim is described, and the results obtained with both heuristics are analysed and compared in terms of dispatching performance, proving the effectiveness of the second strategy at different demand and supply scales. This paper is an extended version of Maciejewski and Bischoff 2015, where only the Berlin case study was presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	14	Computer Science (all)	Barcelona,Berlin,Dynamic vehicle routing,Floating car data,MATSim,Microscopic simulation,Online taxi dispatching
A new meta-heuristics for optimum design of loop layout in flexible manufacturing system with integrated scheduling	2016	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.Flexible manufacturing system is the inception of an innovative manufacturing revolution that will credibly lead the manufacturing trade to levels of automation which is to be taken granted currently in the process-related industries. This paper speaks about multi-objective optimization related to flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) scheduling which act as a constraint in configuring the loop layout in optimum manner by various algorithms, i.e., meta-heuristics like genetic algorithm (GA), simulated annealing (SA), etc. The various loop layout problems are tested for enactment of objective function with respect to computational time and number of iterations involved in GA and SA. A simulation code is generated using programming language and executed using integrated development environment (IDE) tool. A comparative analysis of simulation results of different meta-heuristics with literature results has been done. The performance of this GA is proved to be the best among all the algorithms considered for this work.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems,Genetic algorithm,IDE tool,Loop layout,Simulated annealing
Comparison of two injection techniques for intra-articular hip injections	2016	Journal of Ultrasound in Medicine	2016 by the American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine.Objectives - Intra-articular hip joint injections have traditionally relied on the use of image guidance to confirm intra-articular needle placement. Musculoskeletal ultrasound (US) has emerged as a popular tool to aid the clinician in performing intra-articular hip injections. Modern automated injection delivery systems are commercially available and may offer the potential to optimize clinical efficiency while limiting procedural morbidity. The purpose of this study was to compare patient-reported outcomes and clinical efficiency between two US-guided intra-articular hip injection techniques. The hypothesis was that the use of an automated delivery system for US-guided intra-articular hip joint injections would show superiority in clinical efficiency over traditional syringe injections. Methods - This study was a level 1 randomized prospective postmarket clinical evaluation. Forty patients were randomly assigned to undergo a single intra-articular corticosteroid injection of the hip using either an automated delivery system (Navigator Delivery System; Carticept Medical, Inc, Alpharetta, GA) or a traditional syringe injection. Enrolled patients were prospectively followed at 1, 6, and 12 weeks after injection. A battery of patient-reported outcomes were collected at baseline and again at 1, 6, and 12 weeks after injection. Preparation times were documented for all injections. Results - Forty patients met inclusion criteria and were enrolled. Twenty patients were randomly assigned to receive US guided intra-articular hip injections using the automated system (group A), and 20 patients were treated with standard syringe injections (group B). Body mass index, smoking history, symptom duration, baseline patient-reported outcomes, and demographic data were similar between groups. Improvements from baseline scores were noted at all time points for all patient-reported outcomes regardless of the injection technique used. However, no significant differences were noted at any time point for any of the patient-reported outcomes based on which injection delivery system was used. Statistically significant differences were noted at 6 and 12 weeks for the subjective global assessment score, which favored the use of the automated delivery system over the standard injection technique (6 weeks, P = .029; 12 weeks, P = .028). Between the two injection procedures, there was no difference in pain experienced by the patient (mean Visual Analog Scale pain score ± SEM: group A, 34.9 ± 6.49; group B, 34.5 ± 5.99; P = .960). Body mass index did not influence pain associated with an intra-articular hip injection (P = .870); however, younger patient age was found to be an independent predictor of increased pain associated with injection (P = .011). Although there were no differences among male or female patients in hip injection pain based on the delivery method, statistically significant differences were encountered between male and female patients, irrespective of treatment assignment (male/female: group A, 25.1/41.4; group B, 26.7/46.1; P = .049). Among patients with a smoking history, large differences were noted for injection pain when data for both groups were pooled, regardless of the delivery method (no history, 30.0 ± 4.86; smoking history, 40.8 ± 9.94). Clinical efficiency (as measured by injection preparation time) was found to be inferior for the automated system compared to traditional syringe injection (P < .0001). Conclusions - Use of an automated delivery system for US-guided intra-articular hip injections did not show superior efficiency or patient comfort over traditional syringe injections. Intra-articular corticosteroid injections led to clinically and statistically significant improvements in pain and function for patients with intra-articular hip pain, irrespective of the delivery method. Smoking history and female sex were independent predictors of increased pain associated with intra-articular hip joint injections.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Radiological and Ultrasound Technology,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	Automated delivery system,Hip injection,Musculoskeletal ultrasound
Sea container terminals: New technologies and or models	2016	Maritime Economics and Logistics	2016 Macmillan Publishers Ltd.Owing to a rapid growth in world trade and a large increase in the flow of containerized goods, sea container terminals play a vital role in globe-spanning supply chains. Container terminals should be able to handle large ships, with large call sizes within the shortest time possible, and at competitive rates. In response, terminal operators, shipping lines and port authorities are investing in new technologies to improve container handling and operational efficiency. Container terminals face challenging research problems that have received much attention from the academic community. The focus of this article is on highlighting recent developments in container terminals, which can be categorized into two areas: (i) innovative container terminal technologies and (ii) new OR directions and models for existing research areas. By choosing this focus, we complement existing reviews on container terminal operations.	Journal	j	re	Review	Netherlands	55	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	container terminal,heuristic,literature review,optimization,simulation
Modified hungarian algorithm and fuzzy logic control-based scheduling method for interbay material handling system	2016	Shanghai Jiaotong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Shanghai Jiaotong University	2016, Shanghai Jiao Tong University Press. All right reserved.In order to fulfill the multi-objective and real-time demands of the Interbay material handling system, an intelligent dispatching method based on modified Hungarian algorithm and fuzzy logic control was proposed. First, a multi-objective cost function was calculated with the weighted sum of four factors, i.e., wafer lots' delivery time, waiting time, due date, and production factor. Then, the weights were dynamically adjusted by using fuzzy logic control, and thus wafer lots' multi-objective cost was calculated in real-time. Finally, a modified Hungarian algorithm was proposed to get the assignment scheme between multiple wafer lots and vehicles to minimize the total cost. The simulation results show that the proposed intelligent dispatching method improves the system efficiency in terms of mean delivery time, mean waiting time and so on. Meanwhile, compared with several conventional dispatching approaches, the proposed dispatching method efficiently reduces the average delivery time and cycle time and has a better comprehensive performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	Fuzzy logic,Hungarian algorithm,Interbay material handling system,Multi-objective,Scheduling
Optimal Design and Tuning of PID-Type Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Controllers for Delta Parallel Robots	2016	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	2016 Author(s).In this work, we propose a new method for the optimal design and tuning of a Proportional-Integral-Derivative type (PID-type) interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller (IT2 FLC) for Delta parallel robot trajectory tracking control. The presented methodology starts with an optimal design problem of IT2 FLC. A group of IT2 FLCs are obtained by blurring the membership functions using a variable called blurring degree. By comparing the performance of the controllers, the optimal structure of IT2 FLC is obtained. Then, a multi-objective optimization problem is formulated to tune the scaling factors of the PID-type IT2 FLC. The Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm (NSGA-II) is adopted to solve the constrained nonlinear multi-objective optimization problem. Simulation results of the optimized controller are presented and discussed regarding application in the Delta parallel robot. The proposed method provides an effective way to design and tune the PID-type IT2 FLC with a desired control performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Blurring Degree,Multi-objective Optimization,NSGA-II,PID-type IT2 FLC,Scaling Factors
Influence of the junction capacitance of the secondary rectifier diodes on output characteristics in multi-resonant converters	2016	Conference Proceedings - IEEE Applied Power Electronics Conference and Exposition - APEC	2016 IEEE.Multi-resonant converters like the CLLLC topology are known for their outstanding efficiency and high power density. Little information has however been published about the influences of secondary side diode junction capacitances on the output characteristics of the resonant converter. This paper presents a detailed analysis of these influences in the inductive working range and reviews practical design considerations of the converter. Therefore, experimental results of an inductive power transfer system, using a CLLLC resonant topology, are compared to theoretical time domain solution, showing significant effects of different semiconductor materials and devices on output power. These effects will be discussed and explained in detail by using measured key waveforms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	CLLLC resonant converter,diode junction capacitance,output rectifier,Parasitic components,time domain solution,transistor output capacitance
The Preemptive Stocker Dispatching Rule of Automatic Material Handling System in 300 mm Semiconductor Manufacturing Factories	2016	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	The integrated circuit (IC) manufacturing industry is one of the biggest output industries in this century. The 300mm wafer fabs is the major fab size of this industry. The automatic material handling system (AMHS) has become one of the most concerned issues among semiconductor manufacturers. The major lot delivery of 300mm fabs is used overhead hoist transport (OHT). The traffic jams are happened frequently due to the wide variety of products and big amount of OHTs moving in the fabs. The purpose of this study is to enhance the delivery performance of automatic material handling and reduce the delay and waiting time of product transportation for both hot lots and normal lots. Therefore, this study proposes an effective OHT dispatching rule: preemptive stocker dispatching (PSD). Simulation experiments are conducted and one of the best differentiated preemptive rule, differentiated preemptive dispatching (DPD), is used for comparison. Compared with DPD, The results indicated that PSD rule can reduce average variable delivery time of normal lots by 13.15%, decreasing average variable delivery time of hot lots by 17.67%. Thus, the PSD rule can effectively reduce the delivery time and enhance productivity in 300 mm wafer fabs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	300 mm Semiconductor manufacturing,AMHS,OHT,Stocker
IEC 61131-3-based holonic control of a reconfigurable manufacturing subsystem	2016	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2015 Taylor & Francis.Researchers in reconfigurable manufacturing systems (RMSs) have generally used the agent-based control (ABC). Due to the industrys hesitance to adopt ABC, this paper evaluates the reconfigurability of a control system developed with the industry-accepted technologies, i.e. IEC 61131-3 programming languages, a Beckhoff embedded PC and Beckhoffs programming software, TwinCAT. The evaluation focuses on a station controller that controls a reconfigurable subsystem in an RMS. The control system, implemented in an ADACOR-based holonic architecture, was evaluated by conducting reconfiguration experiments using a laboratory case study. This paper shows that a reconfigurable station controller can be implemented using IEC 61131-3 and industry-accepted technologies if a hardware platform is used that allows multiple virtual programmable logic controllers to be run in individual threads. The control approach presented here can be used to create station control systems that offer optimised cycle times, the benefits of an RMS and the benefits of industry-accepted technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Africa	6	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Beckhoff PLC,Holonic manufacturing system (HMS),IEC 61131,Reconfigurable manufacturing system (RMS)
An automated guided mechatronic tractor for path tracking of heavy-duty robotic vehicles	2016	Mechatronics	2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Nowadays, a large number of AGVs are needed to carry out repeating transport tasks in many manufacturing and warehouse industries. Their extensive application is influenced by several critical factors of equipment expense, vehicle maneuverability, energy efficiency and configuration flexibility, especially in a large-scale AGV system. In order to attain high dynamics and energy conservation while retaining low cost and flexible reconfiguration, mechatronics techniques are introduced to combine high-performance microcontrollers, low-power motors and short-range sensors with a light-weighted chassis, which results in a swift mechatronic tractor for automated guidance of a heavy-duty robotic vehicle on fixed guide paths. Analysis of load carrying for different wheels shows the tractor only carries a partial weight of the whole vehicle by using its suspension layer. Kinematics and dynamics properties of the vehicle actuated by the tractor are investigated, which explains the reasons why low-power motors and short-range sensors can be used for automated guidance of heavy-duty vehicles. When this tractor is equipped with different guiding sensors, such as a magnetic sensor or a camera, the corresponding magnetic or visual guided vehicle can be conveniently developed only by configuring tractors and other passive wheels within a vehicle frame. For instance, a low-cost magnetic sensor is used for the tractor and a magnetic guided vehicle prototype is developed based on it. Experiments of load carrying and path tracking are conducted by using this prototype. The experiment results show the tractor can actuate the heavy-duty vehicle with low power consumption and track its target paths with a fast dynamic response, which provides a possibility of decreasing cost and consumption still preserving maneuverability and flexibility by using mechatronics techniques.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guidance,Load carrying,Mechatronics design,Path tracking,Robotic vehicle
Research on scheduling problem of multi-load AGV at automated container terminal	2016	Dalian Ligong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Dalian University of Technology	2016, Editorial Office of Journal of Dalian University of Technology. All right reserved.Multi-load AGV (automated guided vehicle) is a kind of level work equipment for automated container terminals. It can carry multiple containers at the same time and is capable of reducing the scale of AGV flow, while increasing utilization rate of AGV. In order to improve the operation efficiency of automated container terminal, layouts of vertical shore-type container yards are taken into account, minimal total operational cost is regarded as planning target, operational restrictions, length of time window and load balance are viewed as constraint conditions, and scheduling policy driven by events is applied as research method to establish a mixed-integer programming model for the scheduling of multi-load AGV. Meanwhile, GUROBI and genetic algorithm are applied to solve the total operational costs and empty-loading ratio of multi-load AGV. Furthermore, a comparison with the total operational cost and empty-loading ratio of single-load AGV is made to verify the superiority of multi-load AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Engineering (all),Physics and Astronomy (all),Applied Mathematics	Event-driven AGV scheduling,Genetic algorithm,Mixed-integer programming,Multi-load AGV,Time window
Design and development of a transmission system for an all terrain vehicle	2016	International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Technology	IAEME Publication.The main function of a transmission system is to transfer the required torque and power generated by the engine to the wheels as and when required by the driver. In automobiles this is done with the help of a gearbox and a final drive alternative. The objective of this work is to design and develop a transmission system which is reliable, safe and cost effective. It should be able to transmit sufficient power and torque to generate the required traction at the wheels at any particular rpm. As the vehicle under consideration is an All-Terrain Vehicle (ATV), which is subjected to varying and rugged road conditions, the power transmission should be constant and uninterrupted. This is done with the help of a Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT) and a customized two stage speed reducer of the required reduction ratio. The main criteria such as tractive effort, acceleration performance, grade-ability, max speed of the vehicle are evaluated, based on which the reduction ratio is calculated. The two stage speed reducer and its components are designed based on this reduction ratio. Important parameters like the centre distance and diametral pitch and how they affect the design has been discussed. The design is validated using Finite Element Analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	10	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	CVT,Reduction Ratio,Tractive Effort,Transmission System,Two Stage Speed Reducer
Optimal Multi-Criteria Waypoint Selection for Autonomous Vehicle Navigation in Structured Environment	2016	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	2015, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.This paper deals with autonomous navigation of unmanned ground vehicles (UGV). The UGV has to reach its assigned final configuration in a structured environments (e.g. a warehouse or an urban environment), and to avoid colliding neither with the route boundaries nor any obstructing obstacles. In this paper, vehicle planning/set-points definition is addressed. A new efficient and flexible methodology for vehicle navigation throughout optimal and discrete selected waypoints is proposed. Combining multi-criteria optimization and expanding tree allows safe, smooth and fast vehicle overall navigation. This navigation through way-points permits to avoid any path/trajectory planning which could be time consuming and complex, mainly in cluttered and dynamic environment. To evaluate the flexibility and the efficiency of the proposed methodology based on expanding tree (taking into account the vehicle model and uncertainties), an important part of this paper is dedicated to give an accurate comparison with another proposed optimization based on the commonly used grid map. A set of simulations, comparison with other methods and experiments, using an urban electric vehicle, are presented and demonstrate the reliability of our proposals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	10	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicle navigation,Localization under uncertainties,Multi-criteria optimization,Optimal planning,Vehicle’s kinematic constraints,Waypoints generation
A research survey: Review of flexible job shop scheduling techniques	2016	International Transactions in Operational Research	2016 The Authors.In the last 25 years, extensive research has been carried out addressing the flexible job shop scheduling (JSS) problem. A variety of techniques ranging from exact methods to hybrid techniques have been used in this research. The paper aims at presenting the development of flexible JSS and a consolidated survey of various techniques that have been employed since 1990 for problem resolution. The paper comprises evaluation of publications and research methods used in various research papers. Finally, conclusions are drawn based on performed survey results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	109	Business and International Management,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation	Flexible job shop,Heuristics,Metaheuristics,Partial flexibility,Scheduling,Total flexibility
Vision based object follower automated guided vehicle using compressive tracking and stereo-vision	2016	2015 IEEE Bombay Section Symposium: Frontiers of Technology: Fuelling Prosperity of Planet and People, IBSS 2015	2015 IEEE.Integration of a visual sensing system plays a vital role in automated navigation by providing a sensing ability of the surrounding environment. The problem of object following is challenging due to changes in appearance that can occur due to motion, pose, illumination and occlusion. The real-time implementation of a computer vision based object following system is presented in this paper. The position of the object to be followed is determined by processing a real time image feed from a calibrated stereo-camera. The method incorporates compressive tracking and stereo-vision based disparity mapping boosted with relocation of the tracking window using Speeded Up Robust Features (SURF). The proposed algorithm runs in real-time and performs favorably in terms of computational efficiency, accuracy and robustness.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	8	Biomedical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Networks and Communications	AGV,Compressive Tracking,Disparity,Stereo-vision,SURF
Assessment of resting-state brain networks in young and older adults by automatic voxel classification with atlas-guided diffuse optical tomography	2016	Optics InfoBase Conference Papers	OSA 2016.We implemented an automatic voxel classification algorithm so that atlas-guided DOT and graph theory analysis can be jointly used to assess hemodynamic resting-state brain networks in young and older adults.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Mechanics of Materials	None
Affordable, easy-to-use robotic arm used in hardware description languages teaching	2016	2015 International Symposium on Computers in Education, SIIE 2015	2015 IEEE.Practical activities are critical teaching mechanisms since they enable the acquisition of professional competences while involving and motivating the students. Thus, it is necessary to organize realistic and sufficiently complex activities that, at the same time, can be easily understood and correctly performed by the students. In this context the disposal of physical systems that enables students to interact with the real world are very interesting. However, limitations in the cost and complexity of the systems can present problems. To overcome these limitations, the paper presents an affordable robotic arm that has been used to support the teaching of VHDL language to students of the second-year Telecommunications degree. As a result, students have been able to design, simulate and implement different components creating a final, real system with a motivating practical result.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Education	competences,computing engineering education,hardware description languages,robotic arm,VHDL
Using professional design contests for the development of realistic teaching activities in embedded systems design	2016	2015 International Symposium on Computers in Education, SIIE 2015	2015 IEEE.Complex, realistic activities can provide a powerful support for the acquisition of professional competences since they make students face the challenges they will find in the real world. However, the development of this kind of activities is usually a difficult task. First, making students solve motivating and challenging tasks with certain autonomy requires large efforts from the teachers. Additionally, in order to maintain the realistic flavour, it is interesting to dispose of professional resources where students can find the information they need to solve the problems without depending on the teachers inputs. As a solution to overcome these problems, the paper proposes using the resources provided by professional design contests in the development of teaching activities. To show that idea, the paper presents the results of the application of the materials from a conference design contest in an embedded design course.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Education	competences,design contest,embedded system education,technical documents
Multimodal processes optimization subject to fuzzy operation time constraints: declarative modeling approach	2016	Frontiers of Information Technology and Electronic Engineering	2016, Journal of Zhejiang University Science Editorial Office and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.We present an extension of the resource-constrained multi-product scheduling problem for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) served flow shop, where multiple material handling transport modes provide movement of work pieces between machining centers in the multimodal transportation network (MTN). The multimodal processes behind the multi-product production flow executed in an MTN can be seen as processes realized by using various local periodically functioning processes. The considered network of repetitively acting local transportation modes encompassing MTN’s structure provides a framework for multimodal processes scheduling treated in terms of optimization of the AGVs fleet scheduling problem subject to fuzzy operation time constraints. In the considered case, both production takt and operation execution time are described by imprecise data. The aim of the paper is to present a constraint propagation (CP) driven approach to multi-robot task allocation providing a prompt service to a set of routine queries stated in both direct and reverse way. Illustrative examples taking into account an uncertain specification of robots and workers operation time are provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	3	Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Fuzzy constraints,Multimodal process,Optimization,Scheduling
Multi-objective reasoning of customer requirements based on bayes-nash equilibrium	2016	Jisuanji Fuzhu Sheji Yu Tuxingxue Xuebao/Journal of Computer-Aided Design and Computer Graphics	2016, Institute of Computing Technology. All right reserved.For balancing customer satisfaction and enterprise product cost in product configuration under the circumstance of incomplete requirement information, a multi-objective reasoning method based on customer requirements was proposed. The equilibrium model among product multi-domain nodes was established based on Bayes-Nash equilibrium. Enterprise product cost and customer satisfaction were used as game payoff function, and strategy set of the game was determined by seeking the maximum similarity of structure, performance and cost domain. Nash equilibrium solution was solved by simulated annealing algorithm (SA), and the product configuration scheme meeting the interest of the games was obtained. As a result, configuration reasoning of a workshop automated guided vehicle (AGV) was taken as the example to prove the effectiveness of the method proposed in this paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Incomplete information of requirements,Model of Bayes-Nash equilibrium,Multi-domain similarity,Simulated annealing algorithm
The indoor positioning method based on ultrasonic/INS information fusion	2016	Yadian Yu Shengguang/Piezoelectrics and Acoustooptics	2016, Sichuan Institute of Piezoelectric and Acoustooptic Technology. All right reserved.The low-cost inertial navigation system(INS) positioning error will be accumulated with the increase of the time and distance in the indoor positioning method, other methods are needed to restrain the error accumulation. GPS can't work at the indoor environment, thus the suppression of the INS error will ineffective. An indoor positioning method based on ultrasonic/INS information fusion has been proposed in this paper. Using the automated guided vehicle (AGV) as the positioning terminal, the AGV's position and velocity informations were gained through the ultrasonic positioning technology and nonholonomics constraint conditions, and the informations were used to aid AGV inertial navigation system, the information fusion was carried out through Kalman filter, thus inhibiting the error divergence problem. The proposed indoor positioning method was simulated and verified by using Matlab. The results show that using the ultrasonic/INS information fusion can suppress the INS error within a certain range, and is suitable for indoor real-time positioning of moving object.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Acoustics and Ultrasonics,Materials Chemistry	Indoor positioning,Inertial navigation system(INS),Kalman filter,Ultrasonic positioning technology
Trajectory tracking and fault detection algorithm for automatic guided vehicle based on multiple positioning modules	2016	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2016, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.This paper presents an implementation and experimental validation of trajectory tracking and fault detection algorithm for sensors and actuators of Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) system based on multiple positioning modules. Firstly, the system description and the mathematical modeling of the differential drive AGV system are described. Secondly, a trajectory tracking controller based on the backstepping method is proposed to track the given trajectory. Thirdly, a fault detection algorithm based on the multiple positioning modules is proposed. The AGV uses encoders, laser scanner, and laser navigation system to obtain the position information. To understand the characteristics of each positioning module, their modeling are explained. The fault detection method uses two or more positioning systems and compares them using Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) to detect an unexpected deviation effected by fault. The pairwise differences between the estimated positions obtained from the sensors are called as residue. When the faults occur, the residue value is greater than the threshold value. Fault isolation is obtained by examining the biggest residue. Finally, to demonstrate the capability of the proposed algorithm, it is applied to the differential drive AGV system. The simulation and experimental results show that the proposed algorithm successfully detects the faults when the faults occur.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	16	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicle,extended Kalman filter,fault detection,multiple positioning
An Iterative Approach for Collision Free Routing and Scheduling in Multirobot Stations	2016	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.This work is inspired by the problem of planning sequences of operations, as welding, in car manufacturing stations where multiple industrial robots cooperate. The goal is to minimize the station cycle time, i.e., the time it takes for the last robot to finish its cycle. This is done by dispatching the tasks among the robots, and by routing and scheduling the robots in a collision-free way, such that they perform all predefined tasks. We propose an iterative and decoupled approach in order to cope with the high complexity of the problem. First, collisions among robots are neglected, leading to a min-max Multiple Generalized Traveling Salesman Problem (MGTSP). Then, when the sets of robot loads have been obtained and fixed, we sequence and schedule their tasks, with the aim to avoid conflicts. The first problem (min-max MGTSP) is solved by an exact branch and bound (B&B) method, where different lower bounds are presented by combining the solutions of a min-max set partitioning problem and of a Generalized Traveling Salesman Problem (GTSP). The second problem is approached by assuming that robots move synchronously: a novel transformation of this synchronous problem into a GTSP is presented. Eventually, in order to provide complete robot solutions, we include path planning functionalities, allowing the robots to avoid collisions with the static environment and among themselves. These steps are iterated until a satisfying solution is obtained. Experimental results are shown for both problems and for their combination. We even show the results of the iterative method, applied to an industrial test case adapted from a stud welding station in a car manufacturing line.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Computer aided manufacturing,multirobot systems,path planning,robot scheduling
Modelling of integrated vehicle scheduling and container storage problems in unloading process at an automated container terminal	2016	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Effectively scheduling vehicles and allocating storage locations for containers are two important problems in container terminal operations. Early research efforts, however, are devoted to study them separately. This paper investigates the integration of the two problems focusing on the unloading process in an automated container terminal, where all or part of the equipment are built in automation. We formulate the integrated problem as a mixed-integer programming (MIP) model to minimise ship's berth time. We determine the detailed schedules for all vehicles to be used during the unloading process and the storage location to be assigned for all containers. A series of experiments are carried out for small-sized problems by using commercial software. A genetic algorithm (GA) is designed for solving large-sized problems. The solutions from the GA for the small-sized problems are compared with the optimal solutions obtained from the commercial software to verify the effectiveness of the GA. The computational results show that the model and solution methods proposed in this paper are efficient in solving the integrated unloading problem for the automated container terminal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	19	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated container terminal,Container storage,Container unloading,Integer programming,Vehicle scheduling
Optimization of integrated scheduling of handling and storage operations at automated container terminals	2016	WMU Journal of Maritime Affairs	2015, World Maritime University.Increasing demand for containerization compels container terminals to improve their performance. Uncoordinated scheduling of operations is one of the main factors accounting for poor performance at automated container terminals (ACTs). To increase land utilization efficiency and lower operational times, a new storage system called the split-platform automated storage/retrieval system (SP-AS/RS) has been introduced for temporary storage of containers. This paper describes a multi-objective mixed-integer programming (MIP) model that is based on a combination of multiple interacting sub-tasks. It is aimed at optimizing the integrated scheduling of handling and storage operations in ACTs. The MIP model objective function is to minimize delays in the loading/unloading tasks of the cranes and the travel time of vehicles and platforms in the SP-AS/RS. At the same time, a simulated annealing algorithm (SAA) that provides near-optimal solutions for the problem in a reasonable computation time is appraised. The results of this study show that the objective function of the MIP model is, on average, 58 % lower than that of the non-integrated scheduling method. On the other hand, the best objective function values obtained by the SAA indicate only a 3.7 % disadvantage in comparison with optimal values determined by the MIP model, demonstrating that the SAA is able to provide near-optimal solutions for the integrated scheduling of handling and storage operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	3	Human Factors and Ergonomics,Transportation,Safety Research,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Automated guided vehicles,Integrated scheduling,Mixed-integer programming,Quay cranes,Simulated annealing algorithm,Split-platform automated storage/retrieval system
Computer-aided design and simulation of strip layout for progressive die planning using Petri nets	2016	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2016.Planning of strip layout is one of the important activities of progressive die design in sheet metal industries. The optimum and economical die design mainly depends on the design of strip layout. Many methodologies are used to determine optimum strip layout, but there is no literature available for strip-layout simulation. Petri net is one of the most suitable methodologies for simulation of strip layout. In this article, two research contributions are described (1) to apply the visual Petri net to simulate the sequential workstations in the strip layout of part and (2) to integrate the parametric design of strip layout and simulation using Petri-net technique. To demonstrate the present research contribution, two case studies are also discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	3	Mechanical Engineering	Petri net,Progressive die,Sheet metal,Strip layout
A hyper-heuristic approach with dynamic decision blocks for inter-cell scheduling	2016	Zidonghua Xuebao/Acta Automatica Sinica	Copyright  2016 Acta Automatica Sinica. All rights reserved.In this paper, the inter-cell scheduling problem with a transportation capacity constraint is analyzed. An ant colony optimization (ACO)-based hyper-heuristic with dynamic decision blocks is proposed, which selects appropriate heuristic rules for production and transportation simultaneously. On the basis of traditional hyper-heuristics, a dynamic decision block strategy is proposed, in which several entities are grouped into a decision block under the guidance of pheromones, and appropriate heuristic rules are selected for each decision block. Comparisons between the proposed method and other hyper-heuristics with different decision block strategies are conducted. Computational results show a satisfying performance of the proposed method in minimizing total weighted tardiness with less computational costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Ant colony optimization (ACO),Dynamic decision block,Hyper-heuristic,Inter-cell scheduling
A hybrid collaborative algorithm to solve an integrated wood transportation and paper pulp production problem	2016	Journal of the Operational Research Society	2016 Operational Research Society Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper proposes a hybrid algorithm to tackle a real-world problem arising in the context of pulp and paper production. This situation is modelled as a production problem where one has to decide which wood will be used by each available processing unit (wood cooker) in order to minimize the variance of wood densities within each cooker for each period of the planning horizon. The proposed hybrid algorithm is built around two distinct phases. The first phase uses two interacting heuristic methods to identify a promising reduced search space, which is then thoroughly explored in the second phase. This hybrid algorithm produces high-quality solutions in reasonable computation times, especially for the largest test instances. Extensive computational experiments demonstrated the robustness and efficiency of the method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	3	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	heuristics,hybrid algorithms,linear programming,paper pulp production,variance minimization
Automatic identification of constraints and improvement actions in production systems using multi-objective optimization and post-optimality analysis	2016	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2016 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers.Manufacturing companies are operating in a severely competitive global market, which renders an urgent need for them to explore new methods to enhance the performance of their production systems in order to retain their competitiveness. Regarding the performance of a production system, it is not sufficient simply to detect which operations to improve, but it is imperative to pinpoint the right actions in the right order to avoid sub-optimizations and wastes in time and expense. Therefore, a more accurate and efficient method for supporting system improvement decisions is greatly needed in manufacturing systems management. Based on research in combining simulation-based multi-objective optimization and post-optimality analysis methods for production systems design and analysis, a novel method for the automatic identification of bottlenecks and improvement actions, so-called Simulation-based Constraint Identification (SCI), is proposed in this paper. The essence of the SCI method is the application of simulation-based multi-objective optimization with the conflicting objectives to maximize the throughput and minimize the number of required improvement actions simultaneously. By using post-optimality analysis to process the generated optimization dataset, the exact improvement actions needed to attain a certain level of performance of the production line are automatically put into a rank order. In other words, when compared to other existing approaches in bottleneck detection, the key novelty of combining multi-objective optimization and post-optimality analysis is to make SCI capable of accurately identifying a rank order for the required levels of improvement for a large number of system parameters which impede the performance of the entire system, in a single optimization run. At the same time, since SCI is basically built atop a simulation-based optimization approach, it is capable of handling large-scale, real-world system models with complicated process characteristics. Apart from introducing such a method, this paper provides some detailed validation results from applying SCI both in hypothetical examples that can easily be replicated as well as a complex, real-world industrial improvement project. The promising results compared to other existing bottleneck detection methods have demonstrated that SCI can provide valuable higher-level information to support confident decision-making in production systems improvement.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	10	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
FPGA–DSP co-processing for feature tracking in smart video sensors	2016	Journal of Real-Time Image Processing	2014, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Motion estimation in videos is a computationally intensive process. A popular strategy for dealing with such a high processing load is to accelerate algorithms with dedicated hardware such as graphic processor units (GPU), field programmable gate arrays (FPGA), and digital signal processors (DSP). Previous approaches addressed the problem using accelerators together with a general purpose processor, such as acorn RISC machines (ARM). In this work, we present a co-processing architecture using FPGA and DSP. A portable platform for motion estimation based on sparse feature point detection and tracking is developed for real-time embedded systems and smart video sensors applications. A Harris corner detection IP core is designed with a customized fine grain pipeline on a Virtex-4 FPGA. The detected feature points are then tracked using the Lucas–Kanade algorithm in a DSP that acts as a co-processor for the FPGA. The hybrid system offers a throughput of 160 frames per second (fps) for VGA image resolution. We have also tested the benefits of our proposed solution (FPGA + DSP) in comparison with two other traditional architectures and co-processing strategies: hybrid ARM + DSP and DSP only. The proposed FPGA + DSP system offers a speedup of about 20 times and 3 times over ARM + DSP and DSP only configurations, respectively. A comparison of the Harris feature detection algorithm performance between different embedded processors (DSP, ARM, and FPGA) reveals that the DSP offers the best performance when scaling up from QVGA to VGA resolutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Information Systems	Co-processing,DSP,Embedded systems,Feature tracking,FPGA,Real-time processing
Cutting process-based optimization model of machining feature for cloud manufacturing	2016	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.Cloud manufacturing (CMfg), as a new service-oriented manufacturing paradigm, has experienced rapid development and has been paid wide attention all over the world in recent years. In order to realize the full-scale sharing, free circulation and transaction, and on-demand use of manufacturing resources and capabilities with making use of different kinds of cloud manufacturing service platforms in modern manufacturing enterprises, there are plenty of works that should be done; how to provide high-quality manufacturing service for consumers in cloud manufacturing system is a crucial issue. This paper presents the optimization approach of cutting process based on the analysis of the key factors of cutting process, e.g., surface integrity, tool failure, chip control, and cutting stability. Within this approach, the machining methods are determined first according to the machining features and the machining requirements. Then, the optimization model outputs the cutting tools, cutting parameters, and conditions under the boundary condition linking the user databases, cutting tool database, and machining condition database. Here, the databases related to cutting quality are utilized by the optimization algorithms, e.g., genetic algorithms (GA) and ant colony optimization. A cutting parameter optimization is as an example shown by a GA approach. Finally, a prototype of the system is developed to implement the optimization approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cloud manufacturing (CMfg),Cutting process,Genetic algorithms,Machining feature,Optimization model
A Timed Petri Nets Model for Performance Evaluation of Intermodal Freight Transport Terminals	2016	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.This paper presents a general modeling framework for Intermodal Freight Transport Terminals (IFTTs). The model allows simulating and evaluating the performance of such key elements of the intermodal transportation chain. Hence, it may be used by the decision maker to identify the IFTT bottlenecks, as well as to test different solutions to improve the IFTT dynamics. The proposed modeling framework is modular and based on timed Petri Nets (PNs), where places represent resources and capacities or conditions, transitions model inputs, flows, and activities into the terminal and tokens are intermodal transport units or the means on which they are transported. The model is able to represent the different types of existing IFTTs. Its effectiveness is tested first on an example from the literature and then on a real case study, the railroad inland terminal of a leading Italian intermodal logistics company, showing its ease of application. In the real case study, using the proposed formalism we test the as-is IFTT performance and evaluate alternative possible to-be improvements in order to identify and eliminate emerging criticalities in the terminal dynamics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete-event systems,intermodal freight transport,modeling,performance evaluation,simulation,timed Petri nets
Rapid data quality oriented laser scan planning for dynamic construction environments	2016	Advanced Engineering Informatics	2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.In construction environments, laser-scanning technologies can perform rapid spatial data collection to monitor construction progress, control construction quality, and support decisions about how to streamline field activities. However, even experienced surveyors cannot guarantee comprehensive laser scanning data collection in the field due to its constantly changing environment, wherein a large number of objects are subject to different data-quality requirements. The current practice of manually planned laser scanning often produces data of insufficient coverage, accuracy, and details. While redundant data collection can improve data quality, this process can also be inefficient and time-consuming. There are many studies on automatic sensor planning methods for guided laser-scanning data collection in the literature. However, fewer studies exist on how to handle exponentially large search space of laser scan plans that consider data quality requirements, such as accuracy and levels of details (LOD). This paper presents a rapid laser scan planning method that overcomes the computational complexity of planning laser scans based on diverse data quality requirements in the field. The goal is to minimize data collection time, while ensuring that the data quality requirements of all objects are satisfied. An analytical sensor model of laser scanning is constructed to create a "divide-and-conquer" strategy for rapid laser scan planning of dynamic environments wherein a graph is generated having specific data quality requirements (e.g., levels of accuracy and detail of certain objects) in terms of nodes and spatial relationships between these requirements as edges (e.g., distance, line-of-sight). A graph-coloring algorithm then decomposes the graph into sub-graphs and identifies "local" optimal laser scan plans of these sub-graphs. A solution aggregation algorithm then combines the local optimal plans to generate a plan for the entire site. Runtime analysis shows that the computation time of the proposed method does not increase exponentially with site size. Validation results of multiple case studies show that the proposed laser scan planning method can produce laser-scanning data with higher quality than data collected by experienced professionals, and without increasing the data collection time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	30	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Data quality,Geometric data collection,Inspection automation,Laser scanning,Level of detail (LOD),Sensor planning
A novel search algorithm based on waterweeds reproduction principle for job shop scheduling problem	2016	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.Along with the mushroom development of new information technology, scheduling plays an increasing important role in manufacturing systems. A new search algorithm which imitates reproduction principle of waterweeds in searching for water sources is proposed for solving the job shop scheduling problems (JSSPs). Inspired by the swarm intelligence in waterweeds’ collaborative behavior and inheriting their strong survivability, the new waterweeds (WW) algorithm with few user-defined parameters and simple structure shows remarkable performance in solving continuous unconstrained optimization problems, which is proved by two experiments against five well-known benchmark functions. Furthermore, according to special needs of JSSPs solving, a series of modifications are introduced into original WW algorithm and the computational experiments on a set of problem instances indicate that the new discrete WW algorithm has competitive effectiveness and efficiency in comparison with other classical JSSPs solving methods in the literature. Successful application of WW algorithm in solving JSSPs illustrates its bright prospect in manufacturing field and other related optimization areas.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Job shop scheduling problem,Manufacturing scheduling,Numerical optimization,Swarm intelligence,Waterweeds algorithm,Waterweeds reproduction principle
Advances in combinatorial optimization: Linear programming formulations of the traveling salesman and other hard combinatorial optimization problems	2016	Advances in Combinatorial Optimization: Linear Programming Formulations of the Traveling Salesman and Other Hard Combinatorial Optimization Problems	2016 by World Scientific Publishing Co. Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.Combinational optimization (CO) is a topic in applied mathematics, decision science and computer science that consists of finding the best solution from a non-exhaustive search. CO is related to disciplines such as computational complexity theory and algorithm theory, and has important applications in fields such as operations research/management science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and software engineering. Advances in Combinatorial Optimization presents a generalized framework for formulating hard combinatorial optimization problems (COPs) as polynomial sized linear programs. Though developed based on the 'traveling salesman problem' (TSP), the framework allows for the formulating of many of the well-known NP-Complete COPs directly (without the need to reduce them to other COPs) as linear programs, and demonstrates the same for three other problems (e.g. the 'vertex coloring problem' (VCP)). This work also represents a proof of the equality of the complexity classes "P" (polynomial time) and "NP" (nondeterministic polynomial time), and makes a contribution to the theory and application of 'extended formulations' (EFs). On a whole, Advances in Combinatorial Optimization offers new modeling and solution perspectives which will be useful to professionals, graduate students and researchers who are either involved in routing, scheduling and sequencing decision-making in particular, or in dealing with the theory of computing in general.	Book	b	bk	Book	United States	2	Mathematics (all),Computer Science (all)	None
Wireless Charging Technologies: Fundamentals, Standards, and Network Applications	2016	IEEE Communications Surveys and Tutorials	1998-2012 IEEE.Wireless charging is a technology of transmitting power through an air gap to electrical devices for the purpose of energy replenishment. The recent progress in wireless charging techniques and development of commercial products have provided a promising alternative way to address the energy bottleneck of conventionally portable battery-powered devices. However, the incorporation of wireless charging into the existing wireless communication systems also brings along a series of challenging issues with regard to implementation, scheduling, and power management. In this paper, we present a comprehensive overview of wireless charging techniques, the developments in technical standards, and their recent advances in network applications. In particular, with regard to network applications, we review the static charger scheduling strategies, mobile charger dispatch strategies and wireless charger deployment strategies. Additionally, we discuss open issues and challenges in implementing wireless charging technologies. Finally, we envision some practical future network applications of wireless charging.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	362	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	A4WP,energy beamforming,energy harvesting,inductive coupling,Magnetic MIMO,PMA,Qi,resonance coupling,RF/Microwave radiation,simultaneous wireless information and power transfer (SWIPT),Wireless Charging,wireless power transfer,wireless powered communication network (WPCN),Witricity
A performance analytical model of automated material handling system for semiconductor wafer fabrication system	2016	International Journal of Production Research	2015 Taylor & Francis.To effectively analyse and evaluate the performances of closed-loop automated material handling system (AMHS) with shortcut and blocking in semiconductor wafer fabrication system, a modified Markov chain model (MMCM) has been proposed. The system characteristics, such as vehicle blockage and systems shortcut configuration, are well considered in the MMCM. The state space explosion problem and computational challenge due to the increase of AMHS scale can be effectively eliminated. With production data from Interbay material handling system of a 300-mm semiconductor wafer fabrication line, the proposed MMCM is compared with simulation analysis model. The results demonstrate that the proposed MMCM is an effective modelling methodology for AMHSs performance analysis at system design stage.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated material handling system,Markov chain,performance analysis,semiconductor manufacturing
Scheduling co-operating stacking cranes with predetermined container sequences	2016	Discrete Applied Mathematics	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.With the proliferation of multi-gantry automated stacking cranes, the already difficult crane scheduling problem in container terminals has become even more challenging. In this paper we present an efficient algorithm that can solve a sub-problem that arises in this context, namely the prioritization of crane gantry movements once transportation tasks have been assigned. We tackle this problem for both, twin crane setting and crossover crane setting, and develop graphical models and strongly polynomial algorithms accordingly. A series of experiments is carried out where it is shown that the method can produce optimum solutions with exceptionally small run times.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	24	Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics,Applied Mathematics	Automated stacking cranes,Container terminals,Efficient algorithm,Scheduling,Shortest path representation
Vision-based steering control, speed assistance and localization for inner-cityvehicles	2016	Sensors (Switzerland)	2016 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Autonomous route following with road vehicles has gained popularity in the last few decades. In order to provide highly automated driver assistance systems, different types and combinations of sensors have been presented in the literature. However, most of these approaches apply quite sophisticated and expensive sensors, and hence, the development of a cost-efficient solution still remains a challenging problem. This work proposes the use of a single monocular camera sensor for an automatic steering control, speed assistance for the driver and localization of the vehicle on a road. Herein, we assume that the vehicle is mainly traveling along a predefined path, such as in public transport. A computer vision approach is presented to detect a line painted on the road, which defines the path to follow. Visual markers with a special design painted on the road provide information to localize the vehicle and to assist in its speed control. Furthermore, a vision-based control system, which keeps the vehicle on the predefined path under inner-city speed constraints, is also presented. Real driving tests with a commercial car on a closed circuit finally prove the applicability of the derived approach. In these tests, the car reached a maximum speed of 48 km/h and successfully traveled a distance of 7 km without the intervention of a human driver and any interruption.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	11	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic steering control,Computer vision,Driver assistance vision-based system,Partial automation,Positioning,Road vehicles,Speed assistance,Vision sensor,Vision-based control
Design and validation of a slender guideway for Maglev vehicle by simulation and experiment	2016	Vehicle System Dynamics	2016 Taylor and Francis.Normally, Maglev (magnetic levitation) vehicles run on elevated guideways. The elevated guideway must satisfy various load conditions of the vehicle, and has to be designed to ensure ride quality, while ensuring that the levitation stability of the vehicle is not affected by the deflection of the guideway. However, because the elevated guideways of Maglev vehicles in South Korea and other countries fabricated so far have been based on over-conservative design criteria, the size of the structures has increased. Further, from the cost perspective, they are unfavourable when compared with other light rail transits such as monorail, rubber wheel, and steel wheel automatic guided transit. Therefore, a slender guideway that does have an adverse effect on the levitation stability of the vehicle is required through optimisation of design criteria. In this study, to predict the effect of various design parameters of the guideway on the dynamic behaviour of the vehicle, simulations were carried out using a dynamics model similar to the actual vehicle and guideway, and a limiting value of deflection ratio of the slender guideway to ensure levitation control is proposed. A guideway that meets the requirement as per the proposed limit for deflection ratio was designed and fabricated, and through a driving test of the vehicle, the validity of the slender guideway was verified. From the results, it was confirmed that although some increase in airgap and cabin acceleration was observed with the proposed slender guideway when compared with the conventional guideway, there was no notable adverse effect on the levitation stability and ride quality of the vehicle. Therefore, it can be inferred that the results of this study will become the basis for establishing design criteria for slender guideways of Maglev vehicles in future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	12	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mechanical Engineering	EMS Maglev vehicle,mode superposition method,multibody dynamics,slender guideway
Methodology on Investigating the Influences of Automated Material Handling System in Automotive Assembly Process	2016	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.A case study was selected as a method to collect data in actual industry situation. The study aimed to assess the influences of automated material handling system in automotive industry by proposing a new design of integration system through simulation, and analyze the significant effect and influence of the system. The method approach tool will be CAD Software (Delmia & Quest). The process of preliminary data gathering in phase 1 will collect all data related from actual industry situation. It is expected to produce a guideline and limitation in designing a new integration system later. In phase 2, an idea or concept of design will be done by using 10 principles of design consideration for manufacturing. A full factorial design will be used as design of experiment in order to analyze the performance measured of the integration system with the current system in case study. From the result of the experiment, an ANOVA analysis will be done to study the performance measured. Thus, it is expected that influences can be seen from the improvement made in the system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	3	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Photoelectric scanning-based method for positioning omnidirectional automatic guided vehicle	2016	Optical Engineering	2016 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE).Automatic guided vehicle (AGV) as a kind of mobile robot has been widely used in many applications. For better adapting to the complex working environment, more and more AGVs are designed to be omnidirectional by being equipped with Mecanum wheels for increasing their flexibility and maneuverability. However, as the AGV with this kind of wheels suffers from the position errors mainly because of the frequent slipping property, how to measure its position accurately in real time is an extremely important issue. Among the ways of achieving it, the photoelectric scanning methodology based on angle measurement is efficient. Hence, we propose a feasible method to ameliorate the positioning process, which mainly integrates four photoelectric receivers and one laser transmitter. To verify the practicality and accuracy, actual experiments and computer simulations have been conducted. In the simulation, the theoretical positioning error is less than 0.28 mm in a 10 m × 10 m space. In the actual experiment, the performances about the stability, accuracy, and dynamic capability of this method were inspected. It demonstrates that the system works well and the performance of the position measurement is high enough to fulfill the mainstream tasks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Engineering (all)	automatic guided vehicle,measurement,photoelectric scanning,Positioning
Flow path design for automated transport systems in container terminals considering traffic congestion	2016	Industrial Engineering and Management Systems	2016 KIIE.A design method of the network for automated transporters mounted on rails is addressed for automated container terminals. In the network design, the flow directions of some path segments as well as routes of transporters for each flow requirement must be determined, while the total transportation and waiting times are minimized. This study considers, for the design of the network, the waiting times of the transporters during the travel on path segments, intersections, transfer points below the quay crane (QC), and transfer points at the storage yard. An algorithm, which is the combination of a modified Dijkstra's algorithm for finding the shortest time path and a queuing theory for calculating the waiting times during the travel, is proposed. The proposed algorithm can solve the problem in a short time, which can be used in practice. Numerical experiments showed that the proposed algorithm gives solutions better than several simple rules. It was also shown that the proposed algorithm provides satisfactory solutions in a reasonable time with only average 7.22% gap in its travel time from those by a genetic algorithm which needs too long computational time. The performance of the algorithm is tested and analyzed for various parameters.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	6	Social Sciences (all),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all)	Automated transport system,Congestion,Container terminals,Network design
Neural extended Kalman filter for monocular SLAM in indoor environment	2016	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part C: Journal of Mechanical Engineering Science	Institution of Mechanical Engineers 2015.The extended Kalman filter (EKF) has become a popular solution for the simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). This paper presents the implementation of the EKF coupled with a feedforward neural network for the monocular SLAM. The neural extended Kalman filter (NEKF) is applied online to approximate an error between the motion model of the mobile robot and the real system performance. Inadequate modeling of the robot motion can jeopardize the quality of estimation. The paper shows integration of EKF with feedforward neural network and simulation analysis of its consistency and implementation of the NEKF with a mobile robot, laboratory experimental environment, and a simple USB camera. The simulation and experimental results show that integration of neural network into EKF prediction-correction cycle results in improved consistency and accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	5	Mechanical Engineering	extended Kalman filter,feedforward neural network,inverse depth,Mobile robot,monocular camera
Self-adaptive calibration of hybrid visual sensor networks for pedestrian detection	2016	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	2016, Science Press. All right reserved.The calibration of hybrid visual sensor networks (HVSNs) is the key and premise to realize precise pedestrian detection, tracking, recognition and activity analysis, which has great significance to public security and intelligent security. This paper proposes a self-adaptive calibration method of hybrid visual sensor networks for pedestrian detection. First, a zoom imaging model for a PTZ camera sensor node is established. The intrinsic parameter self-calibration of the PTZ camera is realized adopting SURF based feature matching. Second, aiming at improving the fault tolerance and scalability, the extrinsic parameter distributed calibration model of the HVSNs is built, which decomposes the extrinsic parameter calibration of the HVSNs into the local calibration of visual sensor nodes and global calibration of the HVSNs. Thus, the centralized processing with single center node is avoided, and the scalability of the method is enhanced. Finally, in order to improve the calibration accuracy, an adaptive chaotic particle swarm optimization algorithm is applied to minimize the re-projection error and trajectory matching error of the intrinsic and extrinsic parameter estimation. The experiment results show that this method could effectively reduce the network traffic and calibration error, improve the pedestrian detection accuracy in HVSNs and has great theoretical and application value.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Instrumentation	Calibration,Hybrid visual sensor network (HVSNs),Pedestrian detection,Self-adaptive optimization
An Efficient Scheduling Method for Crude Oil Operations in Refinery with Crude Oil Type Mixing Requirements	2016	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.With a combinatorial nature and hybrid characteristics, it is very challenging to schedule crude oil operations in a refinery and, up to now, there is no software tool for practical use in this field. To solve this problem, based on the two-level architecture in our previous work, for cases where crude oil mixing is required, this paper investigates the refining scheduling problem at the upper level. Based on the schedulability conditions, a three-stage approach is proposed. First, a linear programming model is developed to maximize productivity. Second, another linear programming model is built and solved to optimally obtain the mixed crude oil types and their amounts, and assign them into the distillers. Finally, this paper simply sequences and merges the oil parcels obtained at the second stage to form a desired schedule. Because the proposed approach mainly solves two linear programming problems, it is very efficient. An industrial case study is presented to illustrate the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Macao	37	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Crude oil operations,linear programming,refinery process,short-term scheduling
Off-line and dynamic production scheduling - A comparative case study	2016	Management and Production Engineering Review	A comprehensive case study of manufacturing scheduling solutions development is given. It includes highly generalized scheduling problem as well as a few scheduling modes, methods and problem models. The considered problem combines flexible job shop structure, lot streaming with variable sublots, transport times, setup times, and machine calendars. Tabu search metaheuristic and constraint programming methods have been used for the off-line scheduling. Two dynamic scheduling methods have also been implemented, i.e., dispatching rules for the completely reactive scheduling and a multi-agent system for the predictivereactive scheduling. In these implementations three distinct models of the problem have been used, based on: graph representation, optimal constraint satisfaction, and Petri net formalism. Each of these solutions has been verified in computational experiments. The results are compared and some findings about advantages, disadvantages, and suggestions on using the solutions are formulated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Business and International Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Constraint programming,Dispatching rules,Dynamic scheduling,Flexible job shop,Lot streaming,Multi-agent systems,Off-line scheduling,Petri nets,Tabu search
Adaptive Output Trajectory Tracking Control for a Class of Affine Nonlinear Discrete-Time Systems	2016	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.In this paper, we develop an adaptive output trajectory tracking control (AOTTC) method for a class of affine nonlinear discrete-time systems. The controller designed by this AOTTC method can make real-system output track the given expected trajectory asymptotically. Our method has some advantages: 1) it requires relatively few assumptions about the system model; 2) it can simplify the control problem by dynamically linearizing the system model and designing and adjusting the feedback gain matrix to adaptively stabilize the system online; and 3) it can estimate the system parameters by using an optimization scheme without using vast amounts of sampled data. This designing and adjusting procedure of the feedback gain matrix has a clear physical meaning and is easily applied. We also give out the convergence condition of the AOTTC method. Then, a voltage-controllable permanent magnet linear motor system is employed for computer simulation, whose results demonstrate the feasibility of our control method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	13	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive output trajectory tracking control (AOTTC),adaptive stabilization,dynamic linearization,feedback gain matrix,parameter estimation using optimization scheme
An efficient path based equivalence checking for Petri net based models of programs	2016	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2016 ACM.A user written program goes through significant optimizing and parallelizing transformations, both (compiler) automated and human guided, before being mapped to an architecture. Formally verifying these transformations is crucial to ensure that they preserve the original behavioural specification. The PRES+ model (Petri net based Representation of Embedded Systems) encompassing data processing is used to model parallel behaviours more succinctly. Being value based with a natural capability of capturing parallelism, PRES+ models depict such data dependencies more vividly; accordingly, they are likely to be more convenient as the intermediate representations (IRs) of both source and transformed codes for translation validation than strictly sequential, variable-based IRs such as Finite State Machines with Data path (FSMDs) which are essentially sequential control and data flow graphs (CDFGs). This paper presents a scheme for verifying equivalence between two given PRES+ models for translation validation of optimizing and parallelizing code transformations; one of the two models represents the source code and the other represents its optimized and (or) parallelized version.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	CDFG,Equivalence checking,FSMD model,PRES+ model,Translation validation
Vision based square matrix design and detection for robotic routing	2016	IEEE 2015 International Conference on Signal and Image Processing Applications, ICSIPA 2015 - Proceedings	2015 IEEE.Robot vision is essential to aid in performing robotic tasks. Existing robotic path tracking methods used in the industry such as line following are simple but not capable to cater for continuous floor plan changes. This paper proposes a new vision based pattern design and detection algorithm that can be implemented on an existing mobile robot structure to provide path tracking and routing. A unique pattern that is capable to embed information is successfully designed. The detection algorithm is tested at different lighting conditions, pattern size and orientation. A larger pattern size and good lighting conditions has produced favorable high detection of the pattern. Subsequently, after pattern detection, a unique identifier of the pattern is generated in the form of a binary matrix. The generated binary matrix is proposed to be used as a location identifier to aid in mobile robot routing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing	image processing,mobile robot,vision based robotic routing
Scheduling for an automated guided vehicle in flexible machine systems	2016	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2015 IEEE.To fulfill various customer demands by the same group of machines, flexible machine systems (FMS) are commonly used in fabrication facilities with heavy investment. FMS are computer-controlled systems consisting of several stations where each station specializes in particular operations with an appropriate transport system for the movement of products. In some wafer fabrication facilities, wafers are transferred between the load ports of machines within a bay via an automated guided vehicle (AGV). Multiple transportation tasks are required to be performed in time by the vehicle in order to secure the production schedules. The intra-bay vehicle scheduling problem is studied in this paper, which is strongly NP-hard. A heuristic search approach is proposed, incorporating two heuristic rules. Computational experiments show the effectiveness of the approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	2	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Sequencing the storages and retrievals for flow-rack automated storage and retrieval systems with duration-of-stay storage policy	2016	International Journal of Production Research	2015 Taylor & Francis.Sequencing of storages and retrievals is an important topic in the automated storage and retrieval system (AS/RS), which largely influences the throughput performance and the operational cost of an AS/RS. In this paper, the problem of sequencing the storages and retrievals in a flow-rack AS/RS with duration-of-stay storage policy is analysed and a two-step heuristic called the grouping-matching method is proposed for minimising the total travel time of operations. The proposed grouping-matching method assigns unit-loads into groups in the grouping step and matches groups and bins of flow rack in the matching step. Two grouping heuristics are designed for the grouping step. The matching subproblem is formulated as an assignment to be solved. Simulation experiments are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of the grouping-matching method and the two grouping heuristics used for the grouping subproblem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	duration-of-stay policy,flow-rack AS/RS,grouping-matching heuristic,sequencing of storage and retrieval
Mobile dual-arm robot for automated order picking system in warehouse containing various kinds of products	2016	2015 IEEE/SICE International Symposium on System Integration, SII 2015	2015 IEEE.We have prototyped a mobile dual-arm robot and an automated order picking system including the robot for warehouses that contain various kinds of products. By using self-localization, model-based object recognition and arm trajectory planning, the robot can autonomously move to the front of the shelf that has a target product, fetch the product from the shelf and put the product in a carton transported by an automated guided vehicle. Especially for adjusting to various kinds of products and their storage situations, the robot makes two arms collaborate and mounts tables to lift and rotate two arms and four different types of end effectors. In experimental tests, the robot successfully picked out bottles in a case and picked up two different sizes of boxes directly placed on shelves with different heights. In the result, our proposed system can automate whole order picking operations in warehouses where the operations are currently performed by workers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	9	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Trajectory Planning in Dynamic Environments for an Industrial AGV, Integrated with Fuzzy Obstacle Avoidance	2016	Proceedings - 12th LARS Latin American Robotics Symposium and 3rd SBR Brazilian Robotics Symposium, LARS-SBR 2015 - Part of the Robotics Conferences 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper presents an hybrid approach to control a simulated AGV (Autonomous Guided Vehicle) for an automotive industry. The proposed approach integrates planning (and re-planning) based on the A∗ algorithm, with fuzzy obstacle avoidance, in order to avoid unknown or mobile obstacles present in the path of the AGV. The approach is evaluated in a simulated environment, and in the near future the approach is to be deployed in a real fabrication line.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	1	Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,IGV,obstacle avoidance,planning,SLAM
PID controller for positioning an eletric vehicle model based on an optical sensor	2016	CHILECON 2015 - 2015 IEEE Chilean Conference on Electrical, Electronics Engineering, Information and Communication Technologies, Proceedings of IEEE Chilecon 2015	2015 IEEE.The process that use automatic guided vehicle (AVG) in its architecture suffer with the lack of flexibility of some of these devices. The control, navigation and interaction with the working inviroment of AGV are indispensable processes for material handling in a Flexible Manufacturing System. The prospect of using an optical sensor as an economical yet efficient alternative sensor for AG navigation and control is depicted. Using optical sensors and techniques of digital images processing, a proposal of an AGV will be presented, proposing the reduction of dependence of the vehicle model in relation to layout where it is located, just by changes in programming to adapt them to other plants. The steps of a control project will be carried out, since the modeling of the system until the implementation of the PID controller used with the analisys and dicussion of the results obtained.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Media Technology,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Mobile robots,Optical sensor,System control
Fuzzy controller developed in a PLC, based on weighted average method	2016	CHILECON 2015 - 2015 IEEE Chilean Conference on Electrical, Electronics Engineering, Information and Communication Technologies, Proceedings of IEEE Chilecon 2015	2015 IEEE.The industry control solutions are generally base on a Programmable Logic Controller (PLC), however implementations of Fuzzy Controllers for complex systems which control is based on a fuzzy system has been a disadvantage since not all PLC's have specific modules for this purpose. This work proposes a procedure for the implementation of Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC) on a PLC without the use of any specific module. The FLC assumes a Mamdani-based inference and defuzzyfication of Weighted Average Method (WAM) with two inputs and one output. Simulation and experimental validation are carried out in order to verify the effectiveness of the FLC designed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ecuador	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Media Technology,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	Fuzzy logic,Programmable logic controller,Weigthed average method
Evolutionary Fleet Sizing in Static and Uncertain Environments with Shuttle Transportation Tasks-The Case Studies of Container Terminals [Application Notes]	2016	IEEE Computational Intelligence Magazine	2016 IEEE.This paper aims to identify the optimal number of vehicles in environments with shuttle transportation tasks. These environments are very common industrial settings where goods are transferred repeatedly between multiple machines by a fleet of vehicles. Typical examples of such environments are manufacturing factories, warehouses and container ports. One very important optimization problem in these environments is the fleet sizing problem. In real-world settings, this problem is highly complex and the optimal fleet size depends on many factors such as uncertainty in travel time of vehicles, the processing time of machines and size of the buffer of goods next to machines. These factors, however, have not been fully considered previously, leaving an important gap in the current research. This paper attempts to close this gap by taking into account the aforementioned factors. An evolutionary algorithm was proposed to solve this problem under static and uncertain situations. Two container ports were selected as case studies for this research. For the static cases, the state-of-the-art CPLEX solver was considered as the benchmark. Comparison results on realworld scenarios show that in the majority of cases the proposed algorithm outperforms CPLEX in terms of solvability and processing time. For the uncertain cases, a high-fidelity simulation model was considered as the benchmark. Comparison results on realworld scenarios with uncertainty show that in most cases the proposed algorithm could provide an accurate robust fleet size. These results also show that uncertainty can have a significant impact on the optimal fleet size.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence	Benchmark testing,Fleet sizing,Mathematical model,Optimization,Tracking,Vehicles
Research on the dynamic reliability of multi-state repairable k-out-n systems	2016	Gaojishu Tongxin/Chinese High Technology Letters	2016, Inst. of Scientific and Technical Information of China. All right reserved.The component diversity of multi-state repairable k-out-n (k/n) systems is analyzed by using discrete time Markov chains and semi-Markov chain to obtain the fomula for computing the probability distribution of component state changes and the state sojourn time, then, the first order probability transition matrix of components' state changes and state lifetime changes is given, and finally, the models for prediction of system reliability and availability are deduced by components analysis, and their feasibility and effectiveness are verified by a computing example.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Engineering (all)	k-out-n (k/n) system,Markov,Multi-state,Reliability,Repairable
Localization and Navigation of an Omnidirectional Mobile Robot: The Robot@Factory Case Study	2016	Revista Iberoamericana de Tecnologias del Aprendizaje	2013 IEEE.The Robot@Factory competition was recently included in Robotica, the main Portuguese Robotics Competition. This robot competition takes place in an emulated factory plant, where automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) must cooperate to perform tasks. To accomplish their goals, the AGVs must deal with localization, navigation, scheduling, and cooperation problems that must be solved autonomously. This robot competition can play an important role in education due to its inherent multidisciplinary approach, which can motivate students to bridge different technological areas. It can also play an important role in research and development, because it is expected that its outcomes will later be transferred to real-world problems in manufacturing or service robots. By presenting a scaled-down factory shop floor, this competition creates a benchmark that can be used to compare different approaches to the challenges that arise in this kind of environment. The ability to alter the environment, in some restricted areas, can usually promote the test and evaluation of different localization mechanisms, which is not possible in other competitions. This paper presents one of the possible approaches to build a robot capable of entering this competition. It can be used as a reference to current and new teams.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	16	Education,Engineering (all)	education,localization,navigation,prototyping,Robotics
Route planning method of low-altitude rescue flight in 3d airspace grid	2016	Journal of Computational and Theoretical Nanoscience	2016 American Scientific Publishers All rights reserved.A method that is applicable to strategic initial flight path planning based on a 3D airspace grid is presented to address the problem of aviation emergency rescue flight safety in complex low altitude environment. The algorithm divides the airspace into grids to generate flight path nodes. The terrain, weather, flight rules, and aircraft performance constraints should be considered to meet the requirements of actual flight safety. An improved A. algorithm is used to search the optimal flight path based on 3D airspace grid. Two methods are proposed on the basis of a single flight track of an aircraft to resolve the multi-aircraft strategic, conflict-free flight track planning problem, which are combined with the time window principle. Finally, simulated and real data were used to validate the presented method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Condensed Matter Physics,Computational Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3D Grid,A. Algorithm,Route Planning,Time Window Theory
Design of Fractional-Order Controller for Trajectory Tracking Control of a Non-holonomic Autonomous Ground Vehicle	2016	Journal of Control, Automation and Electrical Systems	2015, Brazilian Society for Automatics--SBA.A robust control technique is proposed to address the problem of trajectory tracking of an autonomous ground vehicle (AGV). This technique utilizes a fractional-order proportional integral derivative (FOPID) controller to control a non-holonomic autonomous ground vehicle to track the behaviour of the predefined reference path. Two FOPID controllers are designed to control the AGV’s inputs. These inputs represent the torques that are used in order to manipulate the implemented model of the vehicle to obtain the actual path. The implemented model of the non-holonomic autonomous ground vehicle takes into consideration both of the kinematic and dynamic models. In additional, a particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is used to optimize the FOPID controllers’ parameters. These optimal tuned parameters of FOPID controllers minimize the cost function used in the algorithm. The effectiveness and validation of the proposed method have been verified through different patterns of reference paths using MATLAB–Simulink software package. The stability of fractional-order system is analysed. Also, the robustness of the system is conducted by adding disturbances due to friction of wheels during the vehicle motion. The obtained results of FOPID controller show the advantage and the performance of the technique in terms of minimizing path tracking error and the complement of the path following.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous ground vehicle,Fractional-order PID controller,Particle swarm optimization,Robustness,Stability,Trajectory tracking
Improving local-search metaheuristics through look-ahead policies	2016	Annals of Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence	2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.As a basic principle, look-ahead approaches investigate the outcomes of potential future steps to evaluate the quality of alternative search directions. Different policies exist to set up look-ahead methods differing in the object of inspection and in the extensiveness of the search. In this work, two original look-ahead strategies are developed and tested through numerical experiments. The first method introduces a look-ahead mechanism that acts as a hyper-heuristic for comparing and selecting local-search operators. The second method uses a look-ahead strategy on a lower level in order to guide a local-search metaheuristic. The proposed approaches are implemented using a hyper-heuristic framework. They are tested against alternative methods using two different competition benchmarks, including a comparison with results given in literature. Furthermore, in a second set of experiments, a detailed investigation regarding the influence of particular parameter values is executed for one method. The experiments reveal that the inclusion of a simple look-ahead principle into an iterated local-search procedure significantly improves the outcome regarding the considered benchmarks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	Hyper-heuristic,Iterated local-search,Look-ahead,Metaheuristic
Reentrant FMS scheduling in loop layout with consideration of multi loading-unloading stations and shortcuts	2016	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.The scheduling problem in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) environment with loop layout configuration has been shown to be a NP-hard problem. Moreover, the improvement and modification of the loop layout add to the difficulties in the production planning stage. The introduction of multi loading-unloading points and turntable shortcut resulted on more possible routes, thus increasing the complexity. This research addressed the reentrant FMS scheduling problem where jobs are allowed to reenter the system and revisit particular machines. The problem is to determine the optimal sequence of the jobs as well as the routing options. A modified genetic algorithm (GA) was proposed to generate the feasible solutions. The crowding distance-based substitution was incorporated to maintain the diversity of the population. A set of test was applied to compare the performance of the proposed approach with other methods. Further computational experiments were conducted to assess the significance of multi loading-unloading and shortcuts in reducing the makespan, mean flow time, and tardiness. The results highlighted that the proposed model was robust and effective in the scheduling problem for both small and large size problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Crowding distance-based substitution,Genetic algorithm,Multi loading-unloading and shortcuts,Reentrant FMS scheduling
Radar odometry on fixed-wing small unmanned aircraft	2016	IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems	2016 IEEE.This paper develops an odometry algorithm for unmanned air vehicles (UAVs) based solely on radar measurements. The radar return from stationary ground-based scatterers is used to create a range-compressed image, which can be used to estimate the relative motion of the UAV. The Hough transform is used to extract scatterer features from the range-compressed image and to solve the data association problem. The estimated relative motion of the aircraft based on radar return is then fused with inertial measurement unit data in an extended Kalman filter. Radar data collected during actual flight tests are compared to truth data as estimated using a global positioning system sensor to demonstrate the effectiveness of the algorithm. Robustness properties of the algorithm are explored using simulation studies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	21	Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Multi-objective optimization of mixed high-order fourier non-circular gear-driven differential pump	2016	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2016, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.The mixed high-order Fourier non-circular gear-driven differential pump has some performance indexes such as discharge, flow pulsation and the maximum modulus of non-circular gear undercut which have many complex influential factors. In order to obtain the best parameters, the basic relations between the order of Fourier non-circular gear and parameters of vanes were established. The mixed high-order Fourier non-circular gear transmission model was built. The sub-objective functions of displacement and flow pulsation, and the maximum modulus of non-circular gear undercut were presented. The target evaluation function using the efficacy coefficient method was put forward. And then the multi-objective optimization method was designed based on genetic algorithm to obtain non-inferior solutions when the mixed high-order Fourier non-circular gear-driven differential pump has the maximum capacity and the minimum pulsation rate which meets the requirement that the maximum modulus of non-circular gear undercut was more than 1.5 in the same pump cavity size. The flow pulsation rate of the optimized differential pump was 22.04% and the displacement was 3870.44 mL. Thus, the flow pulsation rate was decreased by 11.3% and the displacement was increased by 3% compared with the existed study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Differential pump,Fourier non-circular gear,Mixed high-order,Multi-objective optimization
Multi objective non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II) for optimizing fuzzy rule base system	2016	2nd International Conference on Electrical Information and Communication Technologies, EICT 2015	2015 IEEE.Multi-objective designs are genuine models for intricate combinatorial optimization problems. This paper presents a fast elitist non-dominated sorting multi objective genetic algorithm to develop smartly tuned fuzzy logic controllers with a finer trade-off between interpretability and exactitude in linguistic fuzzy modeling problems. The multi-objective genetic algorithm produces a group of non-dominated solutions defined FLCs for multi objective problem with satisfying objective at acceptance level without dominating to any other solution. In MO-GA, an integer encoding is used to indicate the linguistic level of fuzzy rule. Here, multi-objectives are transformed to a fitness function in order to initiate the NSGA-II, i.e. selection, crossover, and mutation. The intended approach generates an efficient and reliable fuzzy logic control system through the effective searching and self-learning adaptability of the NSGA-II. The simulation results based on multi-objective exhibits better performance than single objective while controlling car like robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Bangladesh	1	Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Networks and Communications	Fuzzy rule base system,Multi-objective Optimization,NSGA-II,Pareto-Optimal Solution
Robot collaboration in warehouse	2016	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	2016 Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems - ICROS.In this work, we consider the problem of robot warehouse systems using Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). The problem consists of a transportation of multiple items to stations that make request. We use multi-robot systems to collect and deliver those items from their location back to the station with restriction on the limit carrying capacity. The environment is a simulated warehouse consisting of markers as nodes for robots travel. Since finding the optimum solution is an NP-hard problem, the greedy method is utilized. We use the Manhattan distance to approximate the nearest item for each robot and employed Dijkstras algorithm for path planning and obstacle avoidance. Moreover, we use the local search to find nearby target items. We compare two collection strategies, namely the individual collection method that let each robot takes responsibility for its own station and the collaborative collection method that allows robots take nearest items and deliver them to all stations. The performance of both methods has been verified by the simulation using MATLAB. The collaborative collection method is able to surpass the individual collection method with up to 15.4% reduction in maximum traveling cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	7	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicles,intelligent warehouse,multi-robot systems
Graph SLAM for AGV using geometrical arrangement based on lamp and SURF features in a factory environment	2016	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	2016 Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems - ICROS.In this study, we propose a method to extract features for graph SLAM using an upward-looking camera mounted in an automated guided vehicle (AGV) in a factory environment. To this end, a novel feature detector and descriptor GALS (geometrical arrangement based on lamps and SURF) is proposed in this study. This algorithm consists of two parts: 1) geometrical arrangement of SURF features around a lamp that is often observed in a factory environment; and 2) a SURF descriptor. The use of the geometrical arrangement of several SURF features provides a more distinguishable feature than the use of a single SURF feature, and thus it can be robustly used for feature matching. As a result of GALS-based graph SLAM, a graph is created and optimized through a Georgia Tech Smoothing and Mapping Library (GTSAM) tool so that the accumulated error due to the slip is minimized. A series of experiments in indoor factory environments showed that the proposed scheme resulted in reliable navigation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	factory environments,monocular SLAM,upward-looking camera,Visual features
Vehicle routing problem with pickup and delivery of multiple robots for hospital logistics	2016	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	2016 Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems - ICROS.This paper considers multiple mobile robots for hospital logistics application. To increase the efficiency of using multiple robots, more than one delivery tasks can be assigned to a robot instead of delivering one package at a time. Since a robot can accept more than one task while delivering, a real-time routing method for visiting multiple pickup and delivery positions is required. This paper proposes an exhaustive search algorithm that reduces the computational resource for finding the shortest path while promising global minimum solution. This algorithm derives the shortest path that visits multiple positions by finding possible combinations with minimum iteration of the function while not allowing inversely visiting of pickup and delivery position. Applying distance matrix to the generated combination result, the total travel distance can be derived. The robot that provides the minimum total travel distance is selected for the new task. The algorithm is tested by the simulation and the result shows that the proposing method not only increases the delivery efficiency but also reduces the computational burden for exhaustive searching the shortest path of all robots for assigning the delivery task in real-time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	deliver,Hospital,logistics,multi,robot,routing,vehicle
Proposal of PM motor driving system consist of PWM inverter with voltage booster for applying to automated guided vehicle	2016	2015 18th International Conference on Electrical Machines and Systems, ICEMS 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper deal with a proposed PM motor driving system consist of PWM inverter with voltage booster to apply to wireless power transfer system for automated guided vehicle (AGV). This system would provide advantage that it makes to drive a PM motor and charge a battery at high efficiency against conventional system using low voltage battery because DC link voltage controlled by voltage booster at more high voltage. In addition, the voltage booster takes two roles such as DC link voltage control and battery current control. Therefore, circuit configuration can be simplified. Furthermore, the effectiveness of using SiC-MOSFET for the proposed system is suggested by evaluating efficiency of the prototype inverter by experiment. As above the investigation, it was cleared that the effectiveness of proposed PM motor driving system add the function of wireless power transfer for AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Path optimization of excavating manipulator in lunar soil sampling	2016	Industrial Robot	Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to study the path optimization method of the manipulator in the lunar soil excavation and sampling process. The current research is a practical need for the excavation and sampling of the lunar soil in the lunar exploration project. Design/methodology/approach: This paper proposes the objective function and constraints for path optimization during the excavation process of the lunar soil, regarding excavation time and energy consumption as the two key fitness indexes by analyzing the whole excavation process of the lunar soil. Specifically, the optimization is divided into two consecutive phases, one for the excavation path and the other one for joint motions. In the first phase, the Bézier polynomial is adopted to get the optimal excavation angle and reduce energy consumption. In the second phase, a method based on convex optimization, variable conversion and dynamic process discretization, is used to reduce excavation time and energy consumption. Findings: Controlled experiments on the fine sand and the simulant lunar soil were conducted to verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the two phases of the optimization method, respectively. Originality/value: The optimization method of the excavation tasks in this paper is of great value in theoretical and practical engineering, and it can be applied in other robotic operational tasks as well.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Bézier polynomial,Excavating manipulator,Lunar soil,Path optimization,Path planning
A non-linear traffic flow-based queuing model to estimate container terminal throughput with AGVs	2016	International Journal of Production Research	2015 Taylor & Francis.Efficient handling of containers at a terminal can reduce the overall vessel sojourn times and minimise operational costs. The internal transport of containers in these terminals is performed by vehicles that share a common guide path. The throughput capacity of a terminal may increase by increasing the number of vehicles; however, simultaneously congestion may reduce the effective vehicle speed. We model this situation accurately using a traffic flow-based closed queuing network model. The vehicle internal transport is modelled using a load-dependent server that captures the interaction between the number of vehicles in a transport segment and the effective vehicle speed. Using a non-linear traffic flow model, we show that the throughput reductions due to vehicle congestion can be as large as 85%. Hence, the effect of vehicle congestion during internal transport cannot be ignored. The model can also be used to determine the appropriate number of vehicles required to achieve the required terminal throughput by explicitly considering the effect of vehicle congestion.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	24	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Closed queuing network model,Container terminal operations,Internal transport,Traffic flow analysis,Vehicle congestion
The design of a controller for multi-Agent system formation based on leader-following	2016	Proceedings - 2015 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2015	2015 IEEE.This paper concerns the formation control for multi-Agent system. Considering the differences between the simulation and the practical situation and to improve the performance of multi-Agent, a new method is proposed based on an original controller for multi-Agent. In this method, the discrete-Time model of agent is present and the velocity of agent is introduced. In the explication of the method, the new controller can achieve any shape formation and maintain formation by setting the relative coordinate between followers and leader and introducing coordinate rotation formula. In minimizing the time spent, the method, which is applicable for the noise case, conforms to the efficiency requirement in practical situation. Then, the stability of the rule is proved through the use of the Routh-Hurwitz criterion. Finally, the method with better rapidity and robustness proposed in this paper is validated by the experimental results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Control and Systems Engineering	formation control,leader-following,multi-Agent system,rapidity,robustness
MPC-Based Regional Path Tracking Controller Design for Autonomous Ground Vehicles	2016	Proceedings - 2015 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2015	2015 IEEE.Path tracking issues of autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) have attracted more attention in recent years with the intelligent and electrified development of vehicles. In order to make AGVs path tracking problem more flexible, regional path tracking problem is discussed in this manuscript based on model predictive control (MPC) method, where the front wheel steering angle is regarded as the control variable. The feasible region for AGVs running is determined first according to the detected road boundaries. In the following, AGVs running in this region is considered using kinematic model. Then, in order to make the actual trajectory of AGVs keep in the region and satisfy the safety requirements, MPC method is employed to design path tracking controller considering the vehicle dynamics, the actuator and state constraints. In order to verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, simulations under various test conditions are carried out using a high fidelity vehicle simulator veDYNA, where the Hongqi vehicle HQ430 parameters are matched. The results obtained from the simulation illustrate that the proposed algorithm obtains good performance in dealing with the regional path tracking problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	18	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous ground vehicles,Model predictive control,Regional path tracking
Material handling equipment selection: New classifications of equipments and attributes	2016	Proceedings of 2015 International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Systems Management, IEEE IESM 2015	2015 International Institute for Innovation, Industrial Engineering and Entrepreneurship - I4e2.This paper analyses the existing literature (27 articles) on material handling equipment selection through equipments and attributes aspects. It is found that the maximum material handling equipment types used by developed systems for resolving the selection problem is 50 equipment types. The greatest number of attributes used in one article is 42 attributes. However, systems should be more robust and practical by being close to the reality of the selection problem. According to the continuously growing market, much more material handling equipments exist. Therefore, more complete new classifications of individual unit load material handling equipment types and attributes are provided. Equipment categories, classes and types are clarified. Reasons of the necessity for new lists are discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	7	Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	attributes,material handling equipment selection,Material handling equipments,new classifications
Indoor mapping using kinect and ROS	2016	2015 International Symposium on Agents, Multi-Agent Systems and Robotics, ISAMSR 2015	2015 IEEE.This research covers an endeavor by the author on the usage of automated vision and navigation framework; the research is conducted by utilizing a Kinect sensor requiring minimal effort framework for exploration purposes in the zone of robot route. For this framework, GMapping (a highly efficient Rao-Blackwellized particle filer to learn grid maps from laser range data) parameters have been optimized to improve the accuracy of the map generation and the laser scan. With the use of Robot Operating System (ROS), the open source GMapping bundle was utilized as a premise for a map era and Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM). Out of the many different map generation techniques, the tele-operation used is interactive marker, which controls the TurtleBot 2 movements via RVIZ (3D visualization tool for ROS). Test results completed with the multipurpose robot in a counterfeit and regular environment represents the preferences of the proposed strategy. From experiments, it is found that Kinect sensor produces a more accurate map compared to non-filtered laser range finder data, which is excellent since the price of a Kinect sensor is much cheaper than a laser range finder. An expansion of experimental results was likewise done to test the performance of the portable robot frontier exploring in an obscure environment while performing SLAM alongside the proposed technique.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	17	Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	frontier exploration,Gmapping,Interactive marker,Kinect,Navigation,ROS,SLAM,TurtleBot 2
Fast synthesis of optimal and structurally simple supervisors for automated manufacturing systems	2016	Proceedings - 2015 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2015	2015 IEEE.For automated manufacturing systems (AMSs), this paper presents a Petri net based deadlock prevention method to efficiently obtain an optimal supervisor with a compressed structure in terms of control places and added arcs. The optimal supervisor can be achieved by forbidding all first-met bad markings (FBMs) and permitting all legal markings. An iterative method for a lexicographic multiobjective integer linear program (LMILP) is formulated to design such a supervisor with a simple structure. At each iteration, a place invariant is designed to obtain an optimal control place by solving an LMILP whose objectives are first to forbid as many FBMs as possible, second to minimize the number of added arcs, and third to simplify coefficients of the place invariants. Instead of a single sizable linear program, several much smaller LMILPs are formulated, which can be solved much faster. Finally, a benchmark example is used to show the efficiency and effectiveness of the approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	Automated manufacturing system,deadlock prevention,linear programming problem,Petri net,supervisor
Resource-oriented petri net-based approach to deadlock prevention of AMSs	2016	Proceedings - 2015 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2015	2015 IEEE.Based on the systems of simple sequential processes with resources (S3PR) model, the existing methods involve prohibitive computation to synthesize a deadlock prevention controller for automated manufacturing systems (AMS). To reduce the computation, this work studies this problem by using a resource-oriented Petri net (ROPN) model. By revealing the relationship between bad markings and structural properties of an ROPN, it presents a method such that a deadlock prevention controller can be obtained by simple calculation. By such a controller, for each strongly connected subnet in an ROPN, only one control place is needed such that it is structurally very simple. Furthermore, a condition is given under which a maximally permissive controller can be efficiently obtained, which was never seen before. Examples are used to show the application and performance of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering	automated manufacturing systems,deadlock prevention,Petri nets
Design of an embedded UWB hardware platform for navigation in GPS denied environments	2016	2015 IEEE Symposium on Communications and Vehicular Technology in the Benelux, SCVT 2015	2015 IEEE.Autonomy of vehicles is a widely discussed topic, increasing the need for low power, inexpensive and precise localization and navigation. Due to ongoing research and standardization in last decades, ultra-wideband (UWB) based localization technology is more and more ready for large scale usage. In this paper we propose an embedded UWB localization system, consisting of an inexpensive, low power hardware platform deploying an IEEE 802.15.4a-2011 UWB-PHY standard conform RF chip, enabling communication and localization, a software framework, and localization algorithms. The key contribution of the paper is this system concept and experimental results using a developed system in an underground parking garage. Within this system evaluation we show in an accuracy analysis an achievable positioning error of around 30 cm. Furthermore we show the useage of such an UBW localization system in an use case near scenario.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	14	Computer Networks and Communications,Automotive Engineering	None
Designing a Battery Exchange Building for Automated Guided Vehicles	2016	Ports 2016: Port Planning and Development - Papers from Sessions of the 14th Triennial International Conference	ASCE.Automated container terminals are now operating in the United States and the western hemisphere. The middle harbor terminal at the Port of Long Beach, California, is a fully automated terminal beginning operations on the United States West Coast. Its automated stacking cranes (ASCs) are serviced by automated guided vehicles (AGVs). These electric AGVs operate on large, removable batteries. The Battery Exchange Building (BXB) is an integrated facility housing an automated battery charging and replacement system. When the charge of the AGV battery falls below its servicing level, it must switch out its spent battery with a fully charged unit. The building required to house the battery exchange system (BES) must meet exacting structural, electrical, and environmental tolerances to operate properly. There were various design challenges encountered by the design team of this first BXB in the western hemisphere. This paper will discuss the BES and its exacting design requirements. There will be a discussion of the creative solutions that were developed to meet all of the system's technical requirements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Ocean Engineering	None
Simultaneous calibration of odometry and external sensors of omnidirectional automated guided vehicles (AGVs)	2016	47th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2016	2016 VDE VERLAG GMBH Berlin Offenbach.This paper discusses a method of simultaneous self calibrating sensors and odometry of omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). By using the measurements of safety Laser Range Finders (LRFs) and a gyroscope the exact parameters of the odometry are calculated and experimentally verified, as well as the sensors coordinates are determined with respect to the vehicle's coordinate frame.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Building and Construction	None
Energy efficient kinodynamic motion planning for holonomic AGVs in industrial applications using state lattices	2016	47th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2016	2016 VDE VERLAG GMBH Berlin Offenbach.We propose a new method for kinodynamic motion planning with state lattices and holonomic Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in industrial environments. The extension of the search space with admissible velocity profiles allows the weighting of the motion primitives with arbitrary cost functions. The velocity profiles are decoupled from the arcs in the motion primitives, thus they allow the control of all three degrees of freedom of the holonomic drive. The profiles are two times continuously differentiable functions that ensure smooth and jerk-free movement of the AGVs. As cost function we use a combination of driving time and energy consumption weighting, for which we present a new experimental evaluated energy model for Mecanum drives.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Building and Construction	None
Development of an intelligent care cart and new supplies concepts for care homes and hospitals	2016	47th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2016	2016 VDE VERLAG GMBH Berlin Offenbach.In Germany alone, mobile robots and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used in over 50 hospitals for the supply and disposal of everyday items such as patients' meals, laundry, waste and recyclables. Normally, these vehicles oper-ate in segregated areas (service floors/lifts) accessible only to trained personnel. Technological advances in the naviga-tion of mobile robots today make it possible for driverless transport systems to be used also in publicly accessible areas. One of the goals of the collaborative project "Service Robotics for Support with Personal Services" (SeRoDi, www.serodi.de) sponsored by the German Ministry for Education and Research (BMBF) is to make use of this technol-ogy to develop an intelliGent care cart to assist the care staff at care homes and hospitals. As a basis, the workflows and deployment of various supplies trolleys were analysed at two residential care homes in Mannheim and on a ward at the university clinic of Mannheim. For technical realization of the intelliGent care cart, a set of key requirements was devel-oped based on these data collection surveys as well as on the currently used supplies trolleys. Three units of the intelli-Gent care cart are currently being constructed on the basis of MLR's CASERO 4 platform. Initial practical evaluations at the participating institutions are planned in spring 2016.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Building and Construction	None
The use of computer simulation methods to reach data for economic analysis of automated logistic systems	2016	Open Engineering	2016 H. Neradilová and G. Fedorko 2016.Automated logistic systems are becoming more widely used within enterprise logistics processes. Their main advantage is that they allow increasing the efficiency and reliability of logistics processes. In terms of evaluating their effectiveness, it is necessary to take into account the economic aspect of the entire process. However, many users ignore and underestimate this area,which is not correct. One of the reasons why the economic aspect is overlooked is the fact that obtaining information for such an analysis is not easy. The aim of this paper is to present the possibilities of computer simulation methods for obtaining data for full-scale economic analysis implementation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	15	Environmental Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all),Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,analysis,economics,simulation
Adaptive backstepping control design for trajectory tracking of automatic guided vehicles	2016	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.This paper is to design an adaptive trajectory tracking controller for an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) to track the desired reference trajectory with unknown slip. To do this task, the followings are done. Firstly, system description and mathematical modelings of a differential drive AGV system are presented. Kinematic model of AGV is derived based on the wheel configuration and the nonholonomic constraint. Dynamic model of AGV is obtained from the Lagrangian formula. Secondly, an adaptive backstepping trajectory tracking controller is designed. By choosing appropriate Lyapunov function based on its kinematic modeling of AGV system with unknown slip parameter stability is guaranteed, a control law and an update law to estimate the unknown slip parameter can be obtained. The simulation and experimental results show that the proposed controller successfully estimates the unknown parameters and tracks a reference trajectory.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptive,Automatic guided vehicle,Backstepping,Tracking
Development of an automated guided vehicle controller using a model-based systems engineering approach	2016	South African Journal of Industrial Engineering	2016, South African Institute of Industrial Engineering. All rights reserved.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely used for transporting materials in industry and commerce. In this research, an intelligent AGV-based material-handling system was developed using a model-based systems engineering (MBSE) approach. The core of the AGV, the controller, was designed in the system modelling language environment using Visual Paradigm software, and then implemented in the hardware. As the result, the AGV’s complex tasks of material handling, navigation, and communication were successfully accomplished and tested in the real industrial environment. The developed AGV is capable of towing trolleys with a weight of up to 200kg at walking speed. The AGV can be incorporated into an intelligent material-handling system with multiple autonomous vehicles and work stations, thus providing flexibility and reconfigurability for the whole manufacturing system. Ergonomic and safety aspects were also considered in the design of the AGV. A comprehensive safety system that is compliant with industrial standards was implemented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Africa	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
A Hybrid Method for Assigning Containers to AGVs in Container Terminal	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016The problem of loading and unloading ship containers can be decomposed in some sub problems such as storage problem, transportation problem, routing problem, assigning problem, etc… In this paper, we are interested to the assignment of containers to Auto guided vehicles (AGVs) problem. This problem includes three sub problems: routing problem and assignment problem and scheduling problem. We propose a hybrid approach to solve it; Dijkstra algorithm, Genetic algorithm (GA) and a heuristic method to choose the AGV for each container. A comparative study was made between three approaches; the first approach consists of applying the GA, the second one present hybridization between Dijkstra algorithm and GA and the third approach add to the second one the using of heuristic (hybrid method using Dijkstra algorithm, GA and heuristic). Some numerical examples and tests are presented to prove the efficiency of our proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	11	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Containers,Genetic Algorithm,Optimization,Scheduling,Vehicle Routing Problem
A simulation model to compare autonomous vehicle based warehouses with traditional AS/RS systems	2016	European Simulation and Modelling Conference 2016, ESM 2016	Contemporary market conditions require highly flexible and scalable warehousing systems. This leads to the development of new solutions for parts picking and storage processes. KIVA systems devised a goods-to-man system that uses Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV's) to retrieve mobile inventory pods from the warehouse. This research analyzes the performance of such an Autonomous Vehicle based warehousing system and compares it to the performance of a more traditional Automated Storage and Retrieval System (AS/RS). This paper presents a modular simulation model that evaluates and compares the performance of both Automated Vehicle and AS/RS warehousing solutions. The model aims to support decision makers in the design process of automated warehousing systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	1	Modeling and Simulation	Automated Guided Vehicles,Automatic storage and retrieval systems,Autonomous vehicles,Flexsim,KIVA,Material handling systems,Modelling,Order picking,Simulation,Warehousing
A control of collision and deadlock avoidance for automated guided vehicles with a fault-tolerance capability	2016	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	2016 Author(s). Licensee InTech.Based on a novel discrete-event zone-control model, in our previous papers [1, 2], we presented a time-efficient traffic control for automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems to exclude inter-vehicle collisions and system deadlocks, together with a case study on container terminals. The traffic control allows each vehicle in an AGV system to freely choose its routes for any finite sequence of zone-tozone transportation tasks and the routes can be constructed in an online fashion. In this paper, we extended our previous results with two practical goals: (1) to increase the utilization of the workspace area by reducing the minimally allowed area of each zone; (2) to avoid vehicle collisions and deadlocks with the occurrence of vehicle breakdowns. To achieve the first goal, we include one extra vehicle event that allows each vehicle to probe further ahead while it is moving on the guide-path. This leads to an extension of our previous discrete-event model and traffic control rules, which are presented in the first part of the paper. The second part of the paper concerns the second goal, for which an emergency traffic control scheme is designed as supplementary to the normal traffic control rules. As in our previous papers, the improved model and traffic control are applied to a simulation of quayside container transshipment at container terminals; our simulation results are compared with those from two interesting works in the literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	11	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,Container terminal,Deadlock avoidance,Fault-tolerant traffic control
Decentralized management of intersections of automated guided vehicles	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016The emerging topic of cooperative intersection management for vehicles has raised up new solutions for traffic control in order to avoid collisions, deadlocks, and improve traffic efficiency. The solutions developed for road traffic can easily be applied to automated guided vehicles to overcome the common drawbacks, and improve the number of vehicles in a network. In the context of a network of vehicles only regulated at intersections, we propose an algorithm in order to prevent deadlock at intersections in a network of automated guided vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	6	Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicles,cooperative intersection management,deadlock,wireless communication
AGV localization and navigation system using bluetooth GPS	2016	International Journal of Simulation: Systems, Science and Technology	2016, UK Simulation Society. All rights reserved.Localization and navigation technology is one of the key technologies for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). In this paper we develop an AGV navigation system utilizing commercial Bluetooth GPS. WGS-84 coordinates system is converted to space rectangular coordinate system, which is combined with orientation information, initial position and gesture of AGV can be determined. Experimental result shows that the localization accuracy can meet the demand.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Localization and navigation
An Analysis of Automated Guided Vehicle Standards to Inform the Development of Mobile Orchard Robots	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016This paper aims to leverage knowledge and experience, gained from the well-established Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) industry, to highlight key hazards and solutions that may be considered in the risk assessment and risk reduction of large autonomous mobile service robots in orchards. There are notable differences between orchard environments and the warehouses or factories, where AGVs operate, including the presence of uncontrolled growth, exposure to the weather as well as the slope, softness, cluttered and undulating nature of terrain in orchards. However, there are also many similarities in the technologies used, the basic navigation tasks that have to be performed and the nature of the hazards that arise. This paper discusses these similarities and differences in relation to key parts of AGV standards, EN 1525:1997 and ANSI/ITSDF B56.5-2012.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	5	Control and Systems Engineering	Agriculture,Automated Guided Vehicles,Autonomous Mobile Robots,Orchard Robotics,Standards
Combined danger signal and anomaly-based threat detection in cyber-physical systems	2016	Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering, LNICST	ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering 2016.Increasing number of physical systems being connected to the internet raises security concerns about the possibility of cyber-attacks that can cause severe physical damage. Signature-based malware protection can detect known hazards, but cannot protect against new attacks with unknown attack signatures. Anomaly detection mechanisms are often used in combination with signature-based anti-viruses, however, they too have a weakness of triggering on any new previously unseen activity, even if the activity is legitimate. In this paper, we present a solution to the problem of protecting an industrial process from cyber attacks, having robotic manufacture facilities with automated guided vehicles (AGVs) as our use case. Our solution combines detection of danger signals with anomaly detection in order to minimize mis-labelling of legitimate new behaviour as dangerous.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Computer Networks and Communications	Anomaly detection,Automated guided vehicles,Cyber-physical systems,Danger theory,Intrusion detection
Harmonization of research and development activities toward standardization in the automated warehousing systems	2016	ASTM Special Technical Publication	Copyright  2016 by ASTM International.In this chapter, we describe some ideas of robotic system standardization based on ongoing research and development processes in a European FP7 project named EC-SAFEMOBIL, which is focused on estimation and control technologies for safe, wireless, high-mobility cooperative systems. Strongly influenced by the European Commission, demand has been to commercialize as many project results as possible, EC-SAFEMOBIL researchers and developers needed some standards to follow for the main project application areas-unmanned aerial systems (UAS) and automated warehousing systems (AWS). Although many aspects of UAS are covered by adequate standards, this does not hold true for automated warehouses. In the given analysis of possible standardization of automated warehousing systems, we elaborate on ideas on how to overcome evident gaps between academic achievements and viable industry practice. Paying particular attention to process and development standards, as well as function-specific standards, we describe our view of reaching new standards in automated warehousing systems, particularly with a number of deployed automated guided vehicles (AGVs). This involves adopting or extending existing standards from other application areas (UAS), creating new ones, and defining standard benchmark tests. We have proposed a few benchmark scenarios for testing two system functionalities-marker-less indoor localization and distributed control.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	0	Materials Science (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Benchmark tests,Distributed control,Localization,Standardization,Warehouses
A Prototype Smart Materials Warehouse Application Implemented Using Custom Mobile Robots and Open Source Vision Technology Developed Using EmguCV	2016	Procedia Manufacturing	2016 The AuthorsCustomized mobile robots are commonplace in manufacturing and material handling applications. One class of mobile robots, known as Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV), follow a fixed path along the floor using tracks, RFID tags, or magnetic tape. These robots typically travel along predetermined routes and offer limited flexibility for changes to be made or for their use in environments like hospitals or military installations. Moving away from traditional fixed AGV systems to wireless and dynamic control and monitoring presents some distinct advantages and new opportunities. This type of robot is known as an Autonomous AGV. A prototype smart materials warehouse is presented in this paper as a platform to explore some particular aspects of this technology. First, four multi-purpose mobile robots were built using off-the-shelf BattleBot kits, wireless Arduino controls, and fabricated components. Secondly, a Microsoft Kinect camera was installed on one robot for visual feedback, obstacle avoidance, and shape recognition. Lastly, a ceiling mounted IP camera was used with software developed using Visual Studio NET and the C# wrapper for OpenCV (EmguCV) to facilitate robot path development, video processing and real-time tracking. Testing of the completed system was done in a 2000 sq. ft. mock warehouse set up with stations for shipping/receiving, storage, staging areas, and processes including cutting, milling, and turning for preparing raw stock to be used in production. As cyber-physical systems research continues to grow, the integration of computational algorithms, physical systems, wireless controls, and custom user interfaces will undoubtedly lead to their increased use throughout society. This work was completed as part of the Northwest Manufacturing Initiative at the Oregon Institute of Technology. Possibilities for applying the results of this work in the military, retail and service sectors are also identified. All hardware and software for the project was developed to facilitate future work.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	16	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),cyber-physical systems,open source,smart automation,vision
Integrating Intralogistics into Resource Efficiency Oriented Learning Factories	2016	Procedia CIRP	2016 The Authors.Establishing lean and green learning factories is a practical approach to meet rising resource efficiency requirements in industrial manufacturing. Besides lean aspects, the impact of increasing flexibility in intralogistics on energy consumption needs to be quantified and transferred to industry decision makers via suitable learning scenarios to deepen the understanding of energy-related dependencies of various transport technologies. This paper presents an approach for a systematic identification and implementation of lean and resource efficiency potentials focusing on automated guided vehicles. Therefore, energy efficiency of alternative assets is measured, simulated and characterized by using Energy Performance Indicators.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Energy Efficiency,Energy Performance Indicators,Flexibility and Transparency in Manufacturing Education,Learning Factory,Resource Efficiency
Exact and Heuristic Algorithms for Routing AGV on Path with Precedence Constraints	2016	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2016 Liang Xu et al.A new problem arises when an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is dispatched to visit a set of customers, which are usually located along a fixed wire transmitting signal to navigate the AGV. An optimal visiting sequence is desired with the objective of minimizing the total travelling distance (or time). When precedence constraints are restricted on customers, the problem is referred to as traveling salesman problem on path with precedence constraints (TSPP-PC). Whether or not it is NP-complete has no answer in the literature. In this paper, we design dynamic programming for the TSPP-PC, which is the first polynomial-time exact algorithm when the number of precedence constraints is a constant. For the problem with number of precedence constraints, part of the input can be arbitrarily large, so we provide an efficient heuristic based on the exact algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Validation of a time based routing algorithm using a realistic automatic warehouse scenario	2016	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.Traffic Control is one of the fundamental problems in the management of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system. Its main objectives are to assure efficient conflict free routes and to avoid/solve system deadlocks. In this sense, and as an extension of our previouswork, this paper focus on exploring the capabilities of the Time Enhanced A* (TEA*) to dynamically control a fleet of AGVs, responsible for the execution of a predetermined set of tasks, considering an automatic warehouse case scenario. During the trial execution the proposed algorithm, besides having shown high capability on preventing/dealing with the occurrence of deadlocks, it also has exhibited high efficiency in the generation of free collision trajectories. Moreover, it was also selected an alternative from the state-of-art, in order to validate the TEA* results and compare it.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Multi-robot coordination,Routing
Integrated tasks assignment and routing for the estimation of the optimal number of AGVS	2016	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2015, Springer-Verlag London.A fundamental problem in the management of an automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) is the determination of the load to be transported and the vehicle to transport it. The time for the loading and unloading of pallets must be specified as soon as possible. Typical objectives are minimization of travel times and costs by the reduction of the number of vehicles required to fulfill a given transportation order. This article presents a methodology for the estimation the minimum number of AGVs (considering all the available ones at the shop floor level) required to execute a given transportation order within a specific time-window. A comparison is made between the algorithms Shortest Job First and meta-heuristic Tabu Search (applied to an initial solution) for a task assignment. An enhanced Dijkstra algorithm is used for the conflict-free routing task. The number of vehicles is estimated so as to provide an efficient distribution of tasks and reduce the operational costs of the materials handling system. Simulation results of two typical industrial warehouse shop floor scenarios are provided. Although the study focuses on pre-planning of order fulfillment of materials handling, the proposed methodology can also be utilized as an important tool for investment analysis of the warehouse layout design and for estimating the ideal number of AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Collision avoidance,Routing,Task scheduling
Integration of a PID Control System for a Mobile System for Manufacturing Task on Continuous Conveyor	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016In this paper, we will introduce a new concept to reduce the non value added process in the manufacturing industry. This concept is based on the combination of transportation and machining tasks with mobile robots. The reason behind this concept is to reduce the waste of production time, cost and effort. To realize this concept, a demonstration system has been built. The first step to accomplish this system is to synchronize an automated guided vehicle (AGV) to a moving object. The position data of the AGV and the moving object are collected by using an optic measurement system and used to control the movement of the AGV. An external control system including a Proportional–Integral–Derivative (PID) controller has been built to control the AGV. Experimental validation was performed using an AGV and an optical measurement system for the proposed control system. The results show that the accuracy of the optimized control system has been improved in comparison with the control system without the use of the PID controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Control and Systems Engineering	continuous conveyor,industry,manufacturing task,Mobile robot,PID controller
To mesh or not to mesh: Flexible wireless indoor communication among mobile robots in industrial environments	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.Mobile robots such as automated guided vehicles become increasingly important in industry as they can greatly increase efficiency. For their operation such robots must rely on wireless communication, typically realized by connecting them to an existing enterprise network. In this paper we motivate that such an approach is not always economically viable or might result in performance issues. Therefore we propose a flexible and configurable mixed architecture that leverages on mesh capabilities whenever appropriate. Through experiments on a wireless testbed for a variety of scenarios, we analyse the impact of roaming, mobility and traffic separation and demonstrate the potential of our approach.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Multi agv scheduling problem in automated container terminal	2016	Journal of Marine Science and Technology (Taiwan)	In this paper we propose a dynamic multi automated guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling method based on the scheduling properties of automated container terminal handling systems. In multi-AGV scheduling, the composition of AGV handling time and the precedence order of certain tasks are major constraints. Taking these into consideration, we design a genetic algorithm (GA) for a dynamic multi-AGV scheduling model to minimize completion time and standard deviation of handling time of quay cranes (QC), and validated the proposed model through numerical experiment. We expect this model to be significant for multi- Agent scheduling of discrete production systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Oceanography,Ocean Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automated container terminal,Dynamic scheduling,Genetic algorithm,Multi AGV scheduling
Local and random searches for dispatch and conflict-free routing problem of capacitated AGV systems	2016	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are an unmanned transport system used for the horizontal movement of materials. The dispatching and routing problem (DRP) for AGV systems involves making dispatching and routing decisions. The DRP is an important and fundamental problem in the scheduling of AGV systems, and number of studies have been conducted. However, for the application to real AGV systems, we have to consider additional constraints such as collision avoidance, the capacity of the system components, the ease of changing routes, and robustness against disturbance. This paper studies the dispatch and conflict-free routing problem of capacitated AGV systems (DCFRPC). In the DCFRPC, finite capacity for each vehicle and machine buffer is imposed, and task dispatching and conflict-free routing must be achieved. This paper formulates the DCFRPC as an integer program, and then, local/random search methods are proposed. This paper also empirically evaluates the proposed methods through computational experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	43	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AGV,Capacitated AGV systems,Conflict-free routing,Dispatching
Building a warehouse control system using RIDE	2016	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.There is a growing interest in the use of Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in the Warehouse Control Systems (WCS) in order to avoid installing fixed structures that complicate and reduce the flexibility to future changes. In this paper a highly flexible and hybrid operated WCS, developed using the Robotics Integrated Development Environment (RIDE), is presented. The prototype is a forklift with cognitive capabilities that can be operated manually or autonomously and it is now being tested in a warehouse located in the Parque Tecnológico Logístico (PTL) of Vigo. The main advantages and drawbacks on this kind of implementation are also discussed in the paper.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous guided vehicle,Navigation,Robot control architecture,Warehouse control system
Synchronizing quay cranes and automated vehicles for ship operations by using a bidding procedure	2016	ILS 2016 - 6th International Conference on Information Systems, Logistics and Supply Chain	This paper proposes a method for dispatching automated vehicles in container terminals. A bidding concept is developed which particularly considers the urgency and required travel time of a transportation task. The objectives are to minimize the task delay and the required travel time to perform all tasks. Essential part of the bidding concept is its suitability for real- Time application, i.e. the dispatching results are continuously being updated based on the current state of the terminal. The proposed bidding procedure is intended for practical application in an automated container terminal. Numerical experiments show that the bidding algorithm performs well compared to a greedy heuristic, which was adapted from a standard procedure known from the literature.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Software,Hardware and Architecture	Automated container terminals,Bidding,Dispatching,Scheduling
Towards development of an automated guided vehicle intelligence level performance standard	2016	ASTM Special Technical Publication	Copyright  2016 by ASTM International.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) typically have been used for industrial material handling since the 1950s. In the years following, U.S. and European safety standards have been evolving to protect nearby workers. However, no performance standards have been developed for AGV systems. In our view, lessons can be learned for developing such standards from the research and standards associated with mobile robots applied to search and rescue and military applications. Research challenge events, tests and evaluations, and intelligence-level efforts have also occurred that can support industrial AGV developments into higher-level intelligent systems and provide useful standards development criteria for AGV performance test methods. This chapter provides background information referenced from all of these areas to support the need for an AGV performance standard.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Materials Science (all)	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Mobile robot,Performance,Standards
Design and simulation of measuring wheel guidance mode for omnidirectional vehicle	2016	Chinese Journal of Engineering Design	Aiming at solving the large measurement error of vehicle operating accuracy caused by the slip of driving Mecanum wheel in the detecting of the position and attitude of omnidirectional vehicle,measuring wheel guiding approach is proposed.Mathematical model is established,and the structure of AGV system is expounded.The layout structure of omnidirectional vehicle was made up of six wheels,including four driving wheels and two driven wheels in the design.The two driven wheels were used as measuring wheels,and the differential principle was applied to the two measuring wheels to get the path information of automatic guided omnidirectional vehicle,at the same time,the problem that the existing omnidirectional vehicle with single measuring wheel couldn't detect accurately in-situ rotary posture was solved.The structure of measuring wheel with floating three freedoms was put forward.It could maintain contact with ground in real time and ensure the accuracy of position detection.ADAMS simulation for the pose detection of three typical movements which were straight line,curve and in situ rotation is performed.The results show that this guidance mode can meet the accurate detection of position and attitude of omnidirectional vehicle on flexible path setting and has a wide application range.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computational Mechanics,Civil and Structural Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Mechanical Engineering	Kinematics simulation,Measuring wheel guidance,Mecanum wheel,Omnidirectional vehicle
Online preference learning for adaptive dispatching of AGVs in an automated container terminal	2016	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2015 Elsevier B.V.This paper proposes an online preference learning algorithm named OnPL that can dynamically adapt the policy for dispatching AGVs to changing situations in an automated container terminal. The policy is based on a pairwise preference function that can be repeatedly applied to multiple candidate jobs to sort out the best one. An adaptation of the policy is therefore made by updating this preference function. After every dispatching decision, each of all the candidate jobs considered for the decision is evaluated by running a simulation of a short look-ahead horizon. The best job is then paired with each of the remaining jobs to make training examples of positive preferences, and the inversions of these pairs are each used to generate examples of negative preferences. These new training examples, together with some additional recent examples in the reserve pool, are used to relearn the preference function implemented by an artificial neural network. The experimental results show that OnPL can relearn its policy in real time, and can thus adapt to changing situations seamlessly. In comparison to OnPL, other methods cannot adapt well enough or are not applicable in real time owing to the very long computation time required.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	16	Software	Artificial neural network,Automated container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Machine learning,Vehicle dispatching
A deadlock recovery strategy for unified automated material handling systems in 300 mm wafer fabrications	2016	Computers in Industry	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.A key issue emerging from the unified automated material handling systems (UAMHSs) in 300 mm wafer fabrications is the system deadlock. This paper addresses the deadlock recovery strategy of unified automated material handling systems (UAMHSs) with limited buffers. A formal model for UAMHSs deadlock detection is proposed. Sufficient conditions for system deadlocks based on actual UAMHS characteristics are defined along with a novel deadlock recovery strategy. Moreover, an effective heuristic algorithm is proposed for parallel resolving UAMHS deadlocks. The performances are evaluated in simulation by monitoring indexes reflecting efficiency of the material handling system. Results of the simulation experiments show that the novel deadlock recovery strategy is superior to the benchmark strategy in reducing deadlock time and improving tools' utilization. Furthermore, the proposed algorithm features real-time operation and large scale cases, and is suitable for practical applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Deadlock recovery,Limited buffer,Semiconductor manufacturing,Unified automated material handling systems (UAMHSs)
Comparison of registration methods for mobile manipulators	2016	Advances in Cooperative Robotics: Proceedings of the 19th International Conference on Climbing and Walking Robots and the Support Technologies for Mobile Machines, CLAWAR 2016	2016, World Scientific Publishing Co. Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.Mobile manipulators can be effective, efficient, and flexible for automation on the factory floor but will need safety and performance standards for wide adoption. This paper looks at a specific area of performance standards [1] for docking and workpiece registration, with the intent of evaluating how quickly, repeatably, and accurately a mobile manipulator end effector can be aligned with a known physical target to facilitate peg-inhole insertion tasks. To evaluate mobile manipulator docking, we conducted experiments with an automated guided vehicle (AGV)-mounted arm in a laboratory space equipped with an extensive optical tracking system and a standardized test piece (artifact) simulating an industrial assembly. We experimented with different strategies and sensors for registration and report on these approaches.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence	None
Low cost, robust and real time system for detecting and tracking moving objects to automate cargo handling in port terminals	2016	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The presented paper addresses the problem of detecting and tracking moving objects for autonomous cargo handling in port terminals using a perception system which input data is a single layer laser scanner. A computationally low cost and robust Detection and Tracking Moving Objects (DATMO) algorithm is presented to be used in autonomous guided vehicles and autonomous trucks for efficient transportation of cargo in ports. The method first detects moving objects and then tracks them, taking into account that in port terminals the structure of the environment is formed by containers and that the moving objects can be trucks, AGV, cars, straddle carriers and people among others. Two approaches of the DATMO system have been tested, the first one is oriented to detect moving obstacles and focused on tracking and filtering those detections; and the second one is focused on keepking targets when no detections are provided. The system has been evaluated with real data obtained in the CTT port terminal in Hengelo, the Netherlands. Both methods have been tested in the dataset with good results in tracking moving objects.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous driving,Autonomous transportation of cargo,DATMO,Multi-hypothesis tracking,Object detection,Object tracking
A new method of AGV navigation based on Kalman Filter and a magnetic nail localization	2016	2016 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, ROBIO 2016	2016 IEEE.Unmanned Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) is a critical part of advanced manufacturing system. The navigation and localization technology are the key components of AGV design. In this paper, we propose a navigation method based on Kalman Filter and a magnetic nail localization. By the method, the state equation can be obtained by carrying out the kinematics analysis. Heading angle and position can be estimated by data from gyroscope and encoders using Kalman Filter (KF) algorithm, and they can be also adjusted once the vehicle pass through a magnetic nail. The magnetic nails localization method improves the navigation accuracy with low-cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Hardware and Architecture,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
A new AGVS task allocation model based on bounded rationality and game theory	2016	CIE 2016: 46th International Conferences on Computers and Industrial Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) with limited sensing range demands an adaptable dynamic dispatching rule considering its discrete and dynamic properties. Each task cost is formulated as a utility function taking into account the distance and local scope task number. A new model with two steps is proposed to optimize task allocation in AGVS. Firstly, the model is initialized by a heuristic scheduling algorithm to generate the initial scheduling strategy. And then, from the bounded rationality perspective, the task allocation problem of AGVS with limited sensing range is investigated, which means each AGV can't sense all other AGV in the system. A task allocation algorithm based on game theory optimizes the initial scheduling strategy. In other word, each AGV updates its behavior strategies by maximizing the utility function in its limited dynamic neighborhood. The utility function takes into account the distance and local scope task number, which raises the efficiency of the system. Finally, the feasibility and effectiveness of the model is verified by a simulation example.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	AGVS,Bounded rationality,Dynamic neighborhood,Game theory
Development and simulation-based evaluation of an algorithm for the retrieval-in-sequence for shuttle systems	2016	28th European Modeling and Simulation Symposium, EMSS 2016	Autonomous vehicle-based storage and retrieval systems are used in order to supply picking or production areas based on the goods-to-person principle. In these contexts, it is often required that the point-of-use has to be supplied in a specific sequence of the retrieval loads. This sequence is normally established in the pre-storage area. Depending on the system configuration of an autonomous vehicle-based storage and retrieval system, it is possible to establish the required sequence at every input/output location directly out of the system. In order to enable this retrieval-in-sequence, we present an efficient algorithm that is based on the time-window routing method. For the purpose of evaluation of the performance, we implemented the algorithm in a simulation environment and conducted a series of simulation experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Modeling and Simulation	Autonomous vehicle-based storage and retrieval systems,Sequencing,Shuttle systems,Time-window routing
Preliminary development of a test method for obstacle detection and avoidance in industrial environments	2016	ASTM Special Technical Publication	Copyright  2016 by ASTM International.There is currently no standard method for comparing autonomous capabilities among systems. We propose a test method for evaluating an automated mobile system's ability to detect and avoid obstacles, specifically those in an industrial environment. To this end, a taxonomy is being generated to determine the relevant physical characteristics of obstacles so that they can be accurately represented in the test method. Our preliminary development includes the design of an apparatus, props, procedures, and metrics. We have fabricated a series of obstacle test props that reflect a variety of physical characteristics and have performed a series of tests with a small mobile robot toward validation of the test method. Future work includes expanding the taxonomy, designing more obstacle test props, collecting test data with more automatically guided vehicles and robots, and formalizing our work as a potential standard test method through the ASTM F45 Committee on Driverless Automatic Guided Industrial Vehicles, specifically ASTM F45.03 Object Detection and Protection.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Materials Science (all)	Automatically guided vehicle (AGV),Mobile robot,Obstacle avoidance,Obstacle detection,Standard test method
Obstacle avoidance control for four wheels independent steering automatic guided vehicles	2016	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.This paper proposes an obstacle avoidance algorithm for translational and rotational motions of four wheels independent steering (4WIS) automatic guided vehicles (AGV) based on fuzzy potential method (FPM) and backstepping control method. Firstly, the system is described and mathematical modeling is introduced. The AGV consists of 4 wheels driving system, laser measurement system, laser navigation system and industrial PC. Secondly, the Fuzzy Potential Field (FPM) is proposed to obtain an optimal path for an AGV. The shape and the size of the vehicle are considered when the FPM generates the optimal path from the current position to the goal position. This method allows the rectangular shape AGV to avoid unknown obstacles safely and efficiently. Backstepping controller is proposed to track the optimal path generated by FPM. Finally, the simulations are conducted to verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. The simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can make the 4WIS-AGV avoid the obstacles in cluttered environment.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Fuzzy potential method (FPM),Obstacle avoidance
Solving unidirectional flow path design problems using metaheuristics	2016	Operations Research/ Computer Science Interfaces Series	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.Metaheuristics are widely used to solve a lot of problems for production systems. The aim of this study is to solve the flow path design problem with different metaheuristics especially developed for this particular problem. Flow path design consists of the determination of the direction of each segment and the paths that will be used by vehicles in production units. The organization of these routes directly influences the performance of the system. For example, the time of transport and the number of vehicles necessary depends on this organization. That is why this problem is one of the most important issues in AGV (automated guided vehicles) system design. This work deals with flow path design problem for a conventional unidirectional network, which is a general network where segments can be taken by vehicles in only one direction. For this specific problem, efficient optimization methods based on local search (MLS, ILS), Bee Algorithm (BA) and Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) are developed in order to solve the flow path design problem to minimize the total travel distance considering both loaded and empty trips. The problem will be described, the resolution methods will be detailed and their performances proven.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	France	3	Computer Science (all),Management Science and Operations Research	None
Recommendations for autonomous industrial vehicle performance standards	2016	ASTM Special Technical Publication	Copyright  2016 by ASTM International.A workshop on "Autonomous Industrial Vehicles: From the Laboratory to the Factory Floor" was held at the 2015 Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers International Conference on Robotics and Automation. Nine research papers were presented, followed by a discussion session. All of the findings are summarized in this chapter and are intended to be used in the standards development process within ASTM International Committee F45 Driverless Automatic Guided Industrial Vehicles. This paper provides feedback from the discussion and suggests recommendations for standards that evolved from the discussion.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Materials Science (all)	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Mobile robots,Recommendations,Standards
Study on an automatic solution for container transporting at tan thuan port	2016	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The demand for container transporting at Tan Thuan Port raises a problem for automated container transportation from seaside to container yard and vice versa. This paper proposes an automated solution based on the port’s available surface using AGV. AGV model includes two coordinated ones, each AGV has two active wheel and two self-aligning wheel. Mathematical model of the system is established, then design the tracking line controller for AGV. Simulation and experiment in laboratories demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed solution.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Container,Line tracking
Multimodal speech and gesture control of AGVs, including EEG-based measurements of cognitive workload	2016	CIRP Annals - Manufacturing Technology	2016 CIRPAutomated guided vehicles (AGVs) with autonomous behavior and decentralized human–machine interaction (HMI) are suitable for use in logistics. To facilitate natural interaction, HMI may involve both speech and gesture control. This paper presents a new cognitive approach based on electroencephalography (EEG) for multimodal HMI combining speech and gesture control for AGVs used in logistics. The results indicate that implicit EEG-based measures such as alertness and relaxation significantly affect speech control performance. Consequently, monitoring the user's cognitive workload during logistic operations may lead to a substantial improvement in work performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	7	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cognitive robotics,Electroencephalography,Logistics
Application of self-location system using a floor of random dot pattern to an automatic guided vehicle	2016	ISARC 2016 - 33rd International Symposium on Automation and Robotics in Construction	Application of the AGV (automatic guided vehicle) has broadened in factories and warehouses. Although most AGVs use magnetic tape for the guide path, the guided method has some problems. Once a path has been set, you require re-installation of the magnetic guide tape on a floor in order to reset the path. Also it is difficult to set intricately branched. For this reason, the application of AGV in the field of logistics, such as day-to-day transport route changes, has been difficult. In recent years, in order to solve these problems, several navigation methods using various self-location systems have been developed. We have been developed a self-localization system which uses dots patterns on a floor. At first we construct the floor on which there are random dots patterns and make a database of the all dot positions on the floor. A camera captures an image of the floor and several dots are cropped in the image. The cropped dots are matched in the database of all the dot positions on the floor and then we can detect position and direction of the captured image on the floor. We have set the floor which has dots pattern for detecting position at a factory where several forklifts move around and tire marks of those forklifts are attached. And an AGV using the developed selflocalization system has run autonomously in the factory. In this paper we report the interim results of the experiment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Artificial Intelligence,Civil and Structural Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology	Automatic Guided Vehicle,Self-localization System
Hybrid evolutional algorithm for industrial automation: Agv dispatching and robot-based assenbly line	2016	CIE 2016: 46th International Conferences on Computers and Industrial Engineering	In real industrial manufacturing systems there are many combinatorial optimization problems (COP) imposing on more complex issues, such as complex structure, nonlinear constraints, and multiple objectives to be handled simultaneously. Scheduling optimization problem (SOP) is one of the important and complex COP models, where it can have a major impact on the productivity of a production process. Moreover, the COP models make the problem intractable to the traditional optimization techniques because most of scheduling problems fall into the class of NP-hard combinatorial problems. Hybrid evolutionary algorithm (HEA) will be introduced for treating automation problems in factory, manufacturing, planning and scheduling, and logistics and transportation systems. HEA is the most popular metaheuristic method for solving NP-hard optimization problems. In the past few years, EA has been exploited to solve design automation problems. Concurrently, the field of HEA reveals a significant interest in evolvable hardware and problems such as routing, placement or test pattern generation. We propose a random key-based genetic algorithm with crossover and mutation operation to avoid premature convergence and to maintain diversity. Numerical experiments for case study show the effectiveness of proposed approach comparing with hybrid evolutionary algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Computer Science (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Genetic algorithm (GA),Hybrid evolutionary algorithm (HEA),Random key-based GA,Robot-based assembly-line balancing (RALB) system
Improving the Speed Delivery for Robotic Warehouses	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016This paper studied a new order fulfilling system using mobile robots instead of manual picking at online retailers’ distribution centers. This new generation of sustainable green warehouse systems can improve productivity and flexibility. We measured the performance of system, and provided design rules for velocity of robots. We built open queue models for the new order fulfilling system and calculated throughput time of this system given the number of robots. This is one of earliest papers to introduce this new material handling system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	4	Control and Systems Engineering	Distribution Center,Facility Optimization,Order Fulfilling,Supply Chain Delivery,Warehouse Performance
Object following controller design for four wheel independent steering automatic guided vehicle	2016	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.This paper presents a vision-based object following four wheel independent steering automatic guided vehicle (4WIS-AGV) system using Kinect camera sensor. To do this task, the following steps are executed. Firstly, an image processing is done for object detection using Kinect camera sensor. A candidate colored object is detected using color-based object detection method and its position in local coordinates is obtained. NAV200 navigation sensor is used to obtain global position of the detected object and the 4WIS-AGV. Secondly, the position of the detected moving object is estimated using Kalman filter algorithm. Kalman filter is used to estimate the global position of the detected moving object. Thirdly, a backstepping controller based on Lyapunov stability is proposed to achieve object following task. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed system is verified by using simulation and experimental results. The results show that the proposed controller makes the 4WIS-AGV follow the detected moving object well with an acceptable error.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	4WIS-AGV,Backstepping method,Kalman filter,Kinect camera
GNSS-, Communication-and Map-Based Control System for Initiation of a Heterogeneous Rendezvous Maneuver	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016This paper demonstrates a GNSS-(Global Navigation Satellite System), communication-and map-based control system initiating a heterogeneous rendezvous maneuver between a car-like ground vehicle and a fixed-wing aircraft. The rendezvous maneuver is intended to serve as a preparation step for an autonomous landing of the aircraft on the moving ground vehicle. The long term motivation is amongst others found in energy saving potentials seen in the use of ground-based takeoff and landing (TOL) support systems. For experimental validation, model-scale vehicles are used. While the ground vehicle itself could be seen a scaled version of a larger ground vehicle with similar 2-dimensional actuation capabilities, it is also intended to be used as a mock-up for a track-based MAGLEV system, a system often proposed in literature for ground-based TOL support systems. In order to mimic the behavior of a MAGLEV track, a Virtual Track application is implemented on the ground vehicle. Within the presented setup, the set-speed of the aircraft following predefined waypoints is fixed. At the same time, the longitudinal dynamics of the ground vehicle are used to synchronize it to the aircraft. The setup proposed in this paper incorporates the use of a digital map through which synchronization is assisted and automation capabilities are extended. Experimental results are shown to evaluate the possibilities of the proposed system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Aircraft control,Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous landing,Communication control applications,Synchronization
Performance comparison of probabilistic methods based correction algorithms for localization of autonomous guided vehicle	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.This paper presents performance comparison of probabilistic methods based correction algorithms for localization of AGV (Autonomous Guided Vehicle). Wireless guidance systems among the various guidance systems guides the AGV using position information from localization sensors. Laser navigation is mostly used to the AGV of a wireless type, however the performance of the laser navigation is influenced by a slow response time, big error of rotation driving and a disturbance with light and reflection. Therefore, the localization error of the laser navigation by the above-mentioned weakness has a great effect on the performance of the AGV. There are many different methods to correct the localization error, such as a method using a fuzzy inference system, a method with probabilistic method and so on. Bayes filter based estimation algorithms (Kalman Filter, Extended Kalman Filter, Unscented Kalman Filter and Particle Filter) are mostly used to correct the localization error of the AGV. This paper analyses performance of estimation algorithms with probabilistic method at localization of the AGV. Algorithms for comparison are Extended Kalman Filter, Unscented Kalman Filter and Particle Filter. Kalman Filter is excluded to the comparison, because Kalman Filter is applied only to a linear system. For the performance comparison, a fork-type AGV is used to the experiments. Variables of algorithms is set experiments based heuristic values, and then variables of same functions on algorithms is set same values.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Extended Kalman Filter,Localization,Particle Filter,Performance comparison,Unscented Kalman Filter
A Heuristic Approach to Schedule Mobile Robots in Flexible Manufacturing Environments	2016	Procedia CIRP	2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Modern manufacturing models demand customization, service-orientation and sustainability. The generations of mobile robots will therefore have to cope with more complex tasks and rapidly adapt to new situations. This paper deals with the problem of utilizing mobile robots efficiently in such manufacturing environments. Mobile robots, thanks to rapid technological development, are not only able to transport materials as traditional transporting robots but also perform manufacturing tasks at some machines by using their manipulation arms. These manufacturing tasks have lower priority and can be interrupted to allow the mobile robots to carry out multiple transport when needed. The performance criteria are to minimize the time required to complete all tasks, i.e. makespan. A heuristic approach based on genetic algorithms is developed to find the best solutions for the problem. A numerical example is conducted to demonstrate the result of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Genetic algorithms,Mobile robots,Preemptive scheduling
Design of logistics transportation robot based on modular conveyor rack and path planning in logistics center	2016	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2016.In this paper, a design method for a logistics transportation robot based on a modular conveyor rack and path planning considering the environment of a logistics center is proposed. The driving part of the logistics transportation robot is designed and the working method of lifter for the transportation function is explained. The design of the modular conveyor rack is also described and an algorithm for a logistics transportation robot using a modular conveyor rack is suggested. The A* algorithm is improved by using the concept of rotation cost and the initial state of the transportation robot's characteristics. We experimented with a four-step transportation algorithm for a logistics transportation robot using a modular conveyor rack and showed that the proposed method can be used successfully in a logistics center. In addition, we verified the effectiveness of the improved A* algorithm considering the rotation cost and the initial state of the robot. Copyright.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Logistics technology,Modular conveyor rack,Path planning,Transportation robot
Resolution of a Job-Shop problem with transportation constraints: a master/slave approach	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016The aim of this paper is to solve the job-shop scheduling problems with transportation constraints in a flexible manufacturing system. This variant is a generalization of the job-shop where the jobs have to be transported between the machines by a fleet of homogenous vehicles with unit capacity. We propose a framework based on an alternate resolution of the scheduling problem (master) modeled on a disjunctive graph by introducing a time lag (i.e., a delay between operations), and of the routing problem (slave). The objective of this study is to validate the approach as a promising method in solving such type of problems. Computational results are presented for the job-shop Laurence's instances and two set of instances dedicated to the job-shop with transportation constraints form the literature. The results show that our approach cannot in general compete with dedicated methods but provides anyway good quality results, and could be easily adapted to more general variants with capacitated vehicles or when jobs need to be transported between distant machines/sites.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	9	Control and Systems Engineering	job-shop,transport
Prototyping Small Robots for Junior Competitions: MicroFactory Case study	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016In this paper it is discussed the proposal of a small robot prototype to be applied in the MicroFactory competition, a downsized version of the Robot@Factory competition. The MicroFactory is intended to help junior competitors to make the transition from the Junior Leagues to the senior competition Robot@Factory. The Robot@Factory competition takes place in an emulated factory plant, where Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) must cooperate to perform tasks. To accomplish their goals the AGVs must deal with localization, navigation, scheduling and cooperation problems, that must be solved autonomously.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	2	Control and Systems Engineering	AGVs,Mobile robot competitions,Prototyping
Taguchi method using intelligent techniques	2016	Intelligent Systems Reference Library	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The Taguchi method has been widely applied in quality management applications to identify and fix key factors contributing to the variations of product quality in manufacturing processes. This method combines engineering and statistical methods to achieve improvements in cost and quality by optimizing product designs and manufacturing processes. There are several advantages of the Taguchi method over other decision making methods in quality management. Being a well-defined and systematic approach, the Taguchi method is an effective tuning method that is amenable to practical implementations in many platforms. To build on this, there are also merits, in terms of overall system performance and ease of implementation, by utilizing the Taguchi method with some of the artificial intelligent techniques which require more technically involved and mathematically complicated processes. To highlight the strengths of these approaches, the Taguchi method coupled with intelligent techniques will be employed on the fleet control of automated guided vehicles in a flexible manufacturing setting.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Singapore	1	Computer Science (all),Information Systems and Management,Library and Information Sciences	Artificial intelligent techniques,Automated guided vehicles,Taguchi method
GA-based scheduling for transporting and manufacturing mobile robots in FMS	2016	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.With a high degree of flexibility and automation, flexible manufacturing system (FMS) consisting of a number of automatic machine tools and mobile robots is capable of coping with customized product requirements. In addition to transporting, mobile robots participate in processing some value-added operations on some specific machines such as pre-assembly or quality inspection if required. This paper presents a genetic algorithm to deal with the problem of sequencing of operations, routing of mobile robots, and operations assignment for mobile robots in FMS with the aim to minimize the makespan. The performance of the algorithm is demonstrated by a generated numerical example.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	FMS,Genetic algorithms,Mobile robots
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and a single moving robot in a job shop environment by metaheuristics based clustered holonic multiagent model	2016	ICAART 2016 - Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Agents and Artificial Intelligence	Copyright  2016 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda. All rights reserved.In systems based robotic cells, the control of some elements such as transport robot has some difficulties when planning operations dynamically. The Job Shop scheduling Problem with Transportation times and a Single Robot (JSPT-SR) is a generalization of the classical Job Shop scheduling Problem (JSP) where a set of jobs additionally have to be transported between machines by a single transport robot. Hence, the JSPT-SR is more computationally difficult than the JSP presenting two NP-hard problems simultaneously: the job shop scheduling problem and the robot routing problem. This paper proposes a hybrid metaheuristic approach based on clustered holonic multiagent model for the JSPT-SR. Firstly, a scheduler agent applies a Neighborhoodbased Genetic Algorithm (NGA) for a global exploration of the search space. Secondly, a set of cluster agents uses a tabu search technique to guide the research in promising regions. Computational results are presented using benchmark data instances from the literature of JSPT-SR. New upper bounds are found, showing the effectiveness of the presented approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	0	Software,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	Genetic Algorithm,Holonic multiagent,Robot,Scheduling,Tabu search,Transport
A classification schema for the job shop scheduling problem with transportation resources: State-of-the-art review	2016	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The Job Shop scheduling Problem (JSP) is one of the most known problems in the domain of the production task scheduling. The Job Shop scheduling Problem with Transportation resources (JSPT) is a generalization of the classical JSP consisting of two sub-problems: the job scheduling problem and the generic vehicle scheduling problem. In this paper, we make a state-of-the-art review of the different works proposed for the JSPT, where we present a new classification schema according to seven criteria such as the transportation resource number, the transportation resource type, the job complexity, the routing flexibility, the recirculation constraint, the optimization criteria and the implemented approaches.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Flexible manufacturing system,Job shop,Robot,Scheduling,Transport
A simulation framework for studying blocking effects in warehouse systems with autonomous vehicles	2016	European Journal of Industrial Engineering	Copyright  2016 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Autonomous vehicles-based storage and retrieval systems (AVS/RS) have been shown to offer greater flexibility to improve cycle time and throughput capacity in the transfer of unit loads in high-density storage areas of warehouses. In these systems, loads are transferred by autonomous vehicles that move horizontally along aisles and cross-aisles within a tier, while lifts support vertical movement of loads between tiers. For analytical tractability, prior studies on performance evaluation of AVS/RS have ignored the blocking effects of vehicles and lifts while estimating throughput capacity and cycle times. To evaluate the effects of blocking on system performance, this paper first develops protocols to address vehicle blocking that are subsequently incorporated in a detailed simulation model. The blocking effects are studied for a variety of tier configurations that differ in depth/width ratio, number of locations, number of available vehicles, and transaction arrival rates. Results suggest that blocking delays could account for 2%-20% of the transaction cycle times.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AVS/R system,Blocking,Simulation,Unit-load operations
Scheduling of three FMS layouts using four scheduling rules	2016	Proceedings of the International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management	IEOM Society International.This paper presents the scheduling of Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) using discrete event simulation. Simulation models have been developed using Arena, for three basic FMS layouts and four scheduling rules: First-Come-First-Serve (FCFS), Shortest Processing Time (SPT), Longest Processing Time (LPT) and Earliest Due Date (EDD). Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used as the Material Handling System (MTH) in the system. The scheduling rules in each of the individual FMS layouts are evaluated and compared in relation to five output measures: number of products being produced, average machine utilization, mean flow times, mean queues and mean tardiness. The simulation results are analyzed and discussed in detail and conclusions have been drawn on scheduling rules that yield best results in given scenarios, with the SPT rule performing the best (LPT being the worst). The more important result shows that the effect of the scheduling rules have much greater impact on the output performance measures than the differing FMS layouts.  IEOM Society International.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Arena Software,Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs),Discrete-Event Simulation,Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) Layouts,Scheduling Rules (FCFS, SPT, LPT, EDD)
Computer vision technology for vehicular robot to follow guided track using neuro-fuzzy system	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.This paper describes computer vision technology for a camera-based automatic guided vehicular mobile robot using neuro-fuzzy control system to follow guide lanes with a camera. Without a complicated geometric computing from a camera image to robot-position-localization in conventional researches, the proposed control system transfers the inputs of image sensor into the output of steering values directly. The neuro-fuzzy controller replaces the human driving skill of nonlinear relation between vanishing lines of guide lanes on the camera image and the steering angle of vehicular robot. In straight and curved road, the driving performances by the proposed control scheme are measured in simulation and experimental test.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Computer vision,Neuro-fuzzy control,Vehicular robot
RFID-based localization of mobile robots using the received signal strength indicator of detected tags	2016	Engineering Letters	2016, International Association of Engineers. All rights reserved.Localization and tracking of mobile robots is an important issue for many industrial applications. The paper presents an inexpensive solution for indoor localization of mobile robots. Global localization is realized by interpreting the received signal strength indicator (RSSI) of RFID tags, which are integrated in the floor and detected by the reader. The paper presents two algorithms for fusing RFID signal strength measurements with odometry based on Kalman filtering. The paper presents experimental results with a Mecanum based omnidirectional mobile robot on a NaviFloor® installation, which includes passive HF RFID tags. The experiments show that the proposed algorithms provide a better performance compared to the same algorithms which consider the detection of the tags only.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	5	Engineering (all)	Constrained Kalman filter,Localization,Mobile robot,Pose estimation,RFID,RSSI
Optimal scheduling and routing of free-range AGVs at large scale automated container terminals	2016	Periodica Polytechnica Transportation Engineering	This work tackles the problem of controlling operations at an automated container terminal. In the context of large supply chains, there is a growing trend for increasing productivity and economic efficiency. New optimization models and algorithms are provided for scheduling and routing equipment that is moving containers in a quay area, loading/unloading ships, transporting them via Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) to Automated Stacking Cranes (ASCs), organizing them in stacks. In contrast with the majority of the approaches in the related literature, this work tackles two dynamics of the system, a discrete dynamic, characteristic of the maximization of operations efficiency, by assigning the best AGV and operation time to a set of containers, and a continuous dynamic of the AGV that moves in a geographically limited area. As an assumption, AGVs can follow free range trajectories that minimize the error of the target time and increase the responsiveness of the system. A novel solution framework is proposed in order to tackle the two system dynamics. Various metaheuristic algorithms are tested to solve the problem in a near-optimal way. Computational experiments are presented in order to show the feasibility of the proposed framework on a practical case study, and to assess the performance of advanced scheduling and routing algorithms on numerous system settings.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	3	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Container terminal operations,Free-ranging routing,Metaheuristics,Scheduling,Trajectory planning
Takagi-Sugeno system for supervisory formation control of seeker mounted unmanned aerial vehicles	2016	Assembly Automation	Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose-The purpose of this paper is achieving a leader-follower formation of unmanned aerial vehicles which is a cooperative scenario inspired by formation flying of living organisms such as geese. Designing a control strategy based on only vision measurement (without radio communication) and keeping connectivity in vision are important challenges in the formation flying problem which is the base of formation flying in living organisms. Design/methodology/approach-To achieve the mentioned purposes, a feedback linearization technique is used. Moreover, a Takagi-Sugeno-based supervisory control strategy for visibility maintenance combined with an acceleration estimator to compensate the leader maneuvers is proposed. Findings-The authors conclude that by using practical seeker sensors, all the mentioned objectives (under the proposed strategy) can be satisfied. Originality/value-Keeping formation and visibility maintenance in the presence of the leader maneuver are the main contributions of the paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Artificial intelligence,Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Autonomous robots,Control,Cooperative robots,Robotics
Disjunctive graph-based scheduling algorithm for job shop with material handling	2016	Dongbei Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Northeastern University	2016, Editorial Department of Journal of Northeastern University. All right reserved.Take the scheduling problems of the Job Shop with material handling equipment into consideration, we established the non-linear programming model and modified disjunctive graph model. Afterwards, a two-stage structural heuristic algorithm was constructed to minimize the makespan. In the first stage, a hierarchical heuristic algorithm was constructed by dividing the disjunctive graph into sub-graphs of scheduling problems for the machines and handling equipment, respectively. The sub-graphs of scheduling problems for the machines in the upper level were solved based on a branch method, while for the handling equipment in the second level were according to the upper level results. In the second stage, a heuristic algorithm based on the block theory was presented to optimize the scheduling solutions. Finally, simulation experiments were designed and indicated that the proposed algorithm is valid and feasible.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Disjunctive graph,Heuristic algorithm,Job Shop,Material handling,Scheduling
Dynamic metrology performance measurement of a six degrees-of freedom tracking system used in smart manufacturing	2016	ASTM Special Technical Publication	Copyright  2016 by ASTM International.Multi-camera motion capture systems are commercially available and typically are used in the entertainment industry to track human motions for video gaming and movies. These systems are proving useful as ground truth measurement systems to assess the performance of robots, autonomous ground vehicles, and assembly tasks in smart manufacturing. In order to be used as ground truth, the accuracy of the motion capture system must be at least ten times better than a given system under test. This chapter creates an innovate artifact and test method to measure the accuracy of a given motion capture system. These measurements will then be used to assess the performance of the motion capture system and validate that it can be used as ground truth. The motion capture system will then serve as ground truth for evaluating the performance of an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) with an onboard robot arm (mobile manipulator) and for evaluating the performance of robotic workstation assembly tasks that utilize robot arms and hands.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Materials Science (all)	Dynamic,Performance measurement,Robot,Tracking system
A probabilistic Eulerian traffic model for the coordination of multiple AGVs in automatic warehouses	2016	IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters	2015 IEEE.The co-ordination of multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is one of the main issues to address for the implementation of an efficient autonomous warehouse. Traffic jams are highly undesirable and, therefore, the motion of the AGVs should be planned by considering the current and future state of the fleet. This letter proposes a probabilistic model of the traffic in an autonomous warehouse to predict the evolution of possibly congested areas. Such a model is then exploited for building a predictive planner that is embedded in the traffic manager recently proposed in [1] to explicitely consider the evolution of the traffic up to a given horizon and to increase the efficiency of the fleet of AGVs in terms of delivery time. The proposed traffic manager is validated by means of comparative simulations on real plants.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	20	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Intelligent transportation systems,Path planning for multiple mobile robots or agents,Planning scheduling and coordination
Mobile robot and mobile manipulator research towards ASTM standards development	2016	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the abstract is permitted for personal use only.Performance standards for industrial mobile robots and mobile manipulators (robot arms onboard mobile robots) have only recently begun development. Low cost and standardized measurement techniques are needed to characterize system performance, compare different systems, and to determine if recalibration is required. This paper discusses work at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and within the ASTM Committee F45 on Driverless Automatic Guided Industrial Vehicles. This includes standards for both terminology, F45.91, and for navigation performance test methods, F45.02. The paper defines terms that are being considered. Additionally, the paper describes navigation test methods that are near ballot and docking test methods being designed for consideration within F45.02. This includes the use of low cost artifacts that can provide alternatives to using relatively expensive measurement systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Artifact,Ground truth,Mobile manipulator,Reproducible performance,Smart manufacturing,Test methods
Evaluating the energy efficiency of a logistics concept for partly automated order-picking Energieeffizienz in der automobilindustrie: Bewertung eines logistikkonzeptes für die teilautomatisierte kommissionierung	2016	Productivity Management	2016, G I T O Verlag. All rights reserved.The order-picking in the automotive assembly usually takes place manually as part of a socalled supermarket concept. Due to growing challenges within the automotive sector, new logistics concepts, such as partly automated order-picking, are required. However, an increasing degree of automation leads to an increasing number of energy consumers. Thus, a systematic analysis is necessary in order to holistically evaluate energy efficiency of a logistics system.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	Germany	2	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Energy efficiency,Intralogistics,Order-Picking
Running agent-based-models simulations synchronized with reality to control transport systems Odvijanje simulacija agentskih modela sinkroniziranih sa stvarnošću za upravljanje transportnih sustava	2016	Automatika	2016, KoREMA. All rights reserved.Adaptable, flexible and evolvable manufacturing systems and warehouses are so complex to manage that control systems have to be divided into several aspects. One of these is internal transportation, which has to do with all tasks involved in fulfilling a set of so-called transportation orders, i.e. commands to collect and deliver material from origin to destination spots. A common approach to design the controllers for these applications begins by modeling them as multi-agent systems and continues to final deployment through a cascade of transformations. To minimize development costs of internal transportation controllers, we have proposed a model of construction that includes components that synchronize the events from reality simulation and the ones from actual reality. By using these synchronizers, further development is required only for those parts of the initial multi-agent controller models with real counterparts. In this paper, we review the model and the architecture of the proposed internal transportation system controllers and we illustrate the whole design process through the development of a controller for an automated laboratory. Indirectly, we prove the validity of the architecture and of its key component, the synchronizers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Agent-based control systems,Agent-based modeling,Multi-agent systems,Multi-robot synchronization,Real-time systems,Transportation control
Reliable data transmission method for hybrid industrial network based on mobile object	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG 2016.Industrial Wireless Sensor Networks (IWSNs) are the core component of the Industrial Internet of Things (IIOT). However, the environmental noise caused by the physical environment, such as the obstacles in the industrial scenes will have a significantly negative impact on the performance of IWSNs. For the wireless links, it will lead to the decrease of the transmission distance, etc. For the sensor nodes, it will give rise to the failure probability of nodes and shortening the life cycle. As the common conveyor equipment, Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) is responsible for material delivering in industry. Due to its flexibility and reliability, reliable maintenance of IWSNs can be guaranteed. This paper firstly proposed an idea of choosing AGV as mobile object, through cooperation and networking with IWSNs, to achieve reliable data transmission. For single or multiple nodes failure, we respectively design Temporary Link and Mobile Delivering schemes, in order to ensure the reliable data transmission towards various failure cases.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Industrial wireless sensor networks (IWSNs),Mobile delivering,Mobile object,Temporary link
Optimizing robot movements in flexible job shop environment by metaheuristics based on clustered holonic multiagent model	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.In systems based robotic cells, the control of some elements such as transport robot has some difficulties when planning operations dynamically. The Flexible Job Shop scheduling Problem with Transportation times and Many Robots (FJSPT-MR) is a generalization of the classical Job Shop scheduling Problem (JSP) where a set of jobs have to be transported between them by several transport robots. This paper proposes hybrid metaheuristics based on clustered holonic multiagent model for the FJSPT-MR. Computational results are presented using a set of literature benchmark instances. New upper bounds are found, showing the effectiveness of the presented approach.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Flexible job shop,Genetic algorithm,Holonic multiagent,Robots,Scheduling,Tabu search
Multi-AGV systems in shared industrial environments: Advanced sensing and control techniques for enhanced safety and improved efficiency	2016	ASTM Special Technical Publication	Copyright  2016 by ASTM International.This chapter describes innovative sensing technologies and control techniques that aim at improving the performance of groups of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) used for logistics operations in industrial environments. We explicitly consider the situation where the environment is shared among AGVs, manually driven vehicles, and human operators. In this situation, safety is a major issue that needs always to be guaranteed, while still maximizing the efficiency of the system. This paper describes some of the main achievements of the PAN-Robots European project.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Materials Science (all)	None
Design Optimization of a Mecanum Wheel to Reduce Vertical Vibrations by the Consideration of Equivalent Stiffness	2016	Shock and Vibration	2016 Jong-Jin Bae and Namcheol Kang.Mecanum wheels are capable of moving a vehicle to any direction instantaneously by the combination of independent wheel rotations. Because the mecanum wheel is composed of a hub and rollers, however, it has unavoidable drawbacks such as vertical and horizontal vibrations due to the sequential contacts between rollers and ground. In order to investigate the dynamic characteristics of a mecanum wheel, we made a prototype and performed experiments to measure the vertical vibrations. Interestingly, it was observed that the vertical accelerations were asymmetric with respect to the average value of signals; the vibration signals of upward and downward directions show quite different shape. This asymmetric phenomenon was confirmed through the dynamic simulations performed by RecurDyn. In addition, the peak-to-peak and RMS values of the displacements and accelerations were calculated to investigate the effects of the curvature of rollers on the vertical vibrations of the vehicle. Furthermore, we proposed a mecanum wheel having a spring to attenuate the vibrations. It was also noted that the significant reduction of the vertical accelerations was observed due to the absence of the spring. Finally, considering the equivalent stiffness of the mecanum wheel for several different fillet radii, we found the optimal geometric design which minimizes the vertical vibration of a mecanum wheel.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	8	Civil and Structural Engineering,Condensed Matter Physics,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	None
Asthra-An automated robotic vehicle for effective locomotion and effective patient monitoring using embedded systems	2016	International Journal of Chemical Sciences	Asthra is an automated robotic vehicle for the disabled patients using embedded systems as its prime running technology. It is primarily dedicated to work at the hospitals. Healthcare is a core area, which needs improvement from its present status. The early hours of medical treatment rendered to a chronic patient determines his/her well-being. Also, making patients Independent at hospitals facilitates their well-being and easy recovery. Asthra is an automated robot in the form of a wheel-chair, which enables Automated Locomotion and automated patient monitoring. It enables patients to freely move about in Hospitals, access particular room, visit doctors automatically without depending on ward-boys or nurses present. Asthra also records the basic conditions of the patients like the body temperature, blood pressure, and heart beat etc. and maintains a centralized database containing a medical report of each and every patient to be maintained in a standalone machine with a net connection. Using WAP the details of various patients captured using the various sensors and robotic arms can be updated at the database. Also for emergency conditions, an automated SMS can be sent to the doctor regarding the chronic conditions of patients. Thus Asthra, the automated robotic wheel chair would enable effective locomotion as well as act as an effective patient monitor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Mathematics (all)	Automated locomotion,Healthcare/IT,Memory mapping,Sensor technology,Society-oriented,Wireless information transfer
Design and development of an autonomous omnidirectional hazardous materials handling robot	2016	Transactions of the Canadian Society for Mechanical Engineering	This paper describes the design and testing of an autonomous omnidirectional robot to be used for moving radioactive materials while minimizing human exposure. The robot, called the OmniMaxbot, uses the Robot Operating System (ROS) to allow the individual components to communicate as well as to control the movement. Details about the hardware and software used in the OmniMaxbot are explained. Test results are presented for the navigation system based on the ROS packages: Global Planner, Base Local Planner, and Adaptive Monte Carlo Localization (AMCL). The test results confirm that the OmniMaxbot is capable of autonomously navigating to a mock ash can, lifting it, navigating to a drop-off location, putting the mock ash can down, backing away until the forks are clear of the mock ash can, and navigating to a standby location. These actions can be performed in areas with both static and dynamic obstacles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	0	Mechanical Engineering	Autonomous,Mechatronics,Omnidirectional,Robot Operating System (ROS).
Decentralized motion control for omnidirectional mobile platform—tracking a trajectory using PD fuzzy controller	2016	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The development of intelligent mobile robot has become an important and active research topic in the face of emerging markets for autonomous guided vehicle and service mobile robot. In this paper, a new decentralized algorithm for motion control of omnidirectional mobile platform (OMP) with three sets of omnidirectional wheel is introduced. The proposed OMP is a platform with three sets of omnidirectional wheel arranged equally spaced at 120° from one to another. In this decentralized algorithm, the motion of OMP is separated into three independent components of motion expressed in body coordinate frame including rotational moving, horizontal moving and vertical moving. By using omnidirectional wheels, these motion components can be controlled simultaneously as well as separately. The OMP uses a laser-based sensor for recognizing its position and orientation. Based on the proposed decentralized algorithm and OMP’s configuration measured by laser sensor, a trajectory tracking control method using fuzzy logic is applied to control the OMP. The use of fuzzy logic for control law makes the proposed system insensitive to parametric uncertainty, load and parameter fluctuations, while guaranteeing stability. The effectiveness of the proposed system is demonstrated by simulation and experimental results.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	3 wheels,Fuzzy control,Omnidirectional mobile platform,Omnidirectional wheels,Trajectory tracking
GN&C design for autonomous payload return from ISS	2016	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences	A fully autonomous spacecraft known as the Terrestrial Return Vehicle (TRV) was developed to enable rapid return of scientific payloads from the International Space Station (ISS). The TRV provides near-daily opportunities to return payloads to Earth and aims to enable more efficient utilization of the ISS as a national laboratory. The TRV was developed in partnership with NASA and is a mid-Lift/Drag (L/D) lifting body shape designed to transport up to 10 kg of cargo from low-Earth orbit (LEO). Once deployed from ISS, the vehicle determines its navigation state and identifies the earliest opportunity for deorbit and landing. Trajectory guidance during the on-orbit and entry phases of flight allow for 30 meter landing accuracy at the Earth. This paper provides an overview of the TRV guidance, navigation, and control (GN&C) systems that were developed to enable autonomous deorbit from LEO, guided entry, and precision landing at the Earth.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Aerospace Engineering,Space and Planetary Science	None
Autonomous robot navigation using fuzzy logic	2016	Smart Innovation, Systems and Technologies	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The paper starts with explaining in brief about fuzzy logic and then goes on to explain a Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC). It is the basic unit or a block of any application of fuzzy logic. We mainly focus on how to design a Fuzzy Logic Controller (FLC), its main functions and all the parameters or different factors involved. We then move on to our main objective i.e. implementing fuzzy logic in robots for making it autonomous in terms of navigation. After understanding basics of FLC, we focus on steering and obstacle avoidance of robot by assuming certain conditions regarding the environment, in other words putting restrictions on the behaviors that the robot can display. Some of these restrictions are then lifted and improvements are made to our previous model. We then focus on controlling the speed of the robot as well, considering the environment complexity. So the main objective of this paper is to get clear understanding on how to make a robot navigate autonomously using fuzzy logic controller. The paper then concentrates on why fuzzy logic will be a good approach to do so giving some examples.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Decision Sciences (all),Computer Science (all)	Autonomous robots,Fuzzy logic controller,Robot navigation
Multi-objective optimization of cloud manufacturing service composition with cloud-entropy enhanced genetic algorithm	2016	Strojniski Vestnik/Journal of Mechanical Engineering	2016 Journal of Mechanical Engineering.To consider the service-matching degree, the composition harmony degree, and the service composition complexity in cloud manufacturing service composition optimization problems, a new composition optimization approach, called cloud-entropy enhanced genetic algorithm (CEGA), is put forward to solve such problems with multi-objectives. The definitions of service-matching degree, composition harmony degree, and cloud-entropy and the corresponding calculation methods are given. A multi-objective optimization mathematical model of cloud manufacturing service composition is built. The manufacturing task of AGV (automated guided vehicle) is taken as an example to verify the proposed CEGA algorithm on the established composition model. The studied result shows that CEGA converges faster than a standard genetic algorithm with shorter time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	27	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Cloud manufacturing,Cloud-entropy,Composition harmony degree,Genetic algorithm,Service composition optimization,Service-matching degree
Human machine interface to manually drive rhombic like vehicles such as transport casks in ITER	2016	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016In nuclear facilities, such as the experimental fusion reactor ITER, the cargo transfer operations can be performed by autonomous guided vehicles under remote supervision. In ITER, these vehicles can reach up to 100 tons and, with a rhombic-like configuration, have to move in cluttered scenarios. In case of failure, the vehicles have to be manually guided. This paper presents three solutions for the teleoperation of rhombic-like vehicles. Two set of devices were used to test each solution: one is based on a gamepad and the other is based on a joystick with a rotational disc specially designed for this purpose. The solutions were experimented by the developer and by 12 users without prior experience on rhombic-like vehicles. The experiments were performed in a software simulator that provides 2D maps of the test facility and simulates the kinematics of the vehicles in real time. The main conclusions are reported.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous Guided Vehicles,Human Machine Interface,Instantaneous Center of Rotation,ITER,Manual Driving
Velocity analysis of a DC brushed encoder motor using Ziegler-Nichols algorithm: A case of an automated guided vehicle	2016	Indian Journal of Science and Technology	Objectives: The use of "Automated Guided Vehicles" (AGV) has emerged for automation in material handling applications. These AGVs are equipped with DC brushed/brushless motors with encoders. The encoders feed the actual shaft position of a DC motor to the microcontroller, which converts the shaft position into the angular velocity. This is called as velocity analysis of DC encoder motor. Methods/Statistical Analysis: The first phase of paper focuses on the hardware of AGV and interfacing a controller with MATLAB. In the second phase, the transfer function of the system, type of the system, order of the system, steady state and transient analysis are shown. In the final phase of the paper, system's response with P, PI and PID controllers are shown with the help of Ziegler-Nicholas (Z-N algorithm) algorithm (Real time and simulation both) with respect to step input. Findings: Industries have different types of layout for production. Some has process layout whereas some has plant layout. According to the production capacity and type of the layout, industries design the path for AGVs (for material handling). Generally AGVs do loading and unloading stuff, which is very much useful as far as smooth production is concerned. Some companies and researchers have designed AGVs with different specifications. If AGV comes out of the track due to irregular velocity, leads the plant to higher lead time and it may damage the productivity chain. To overcome this problem a metrology for doing velocity analysis for different controllers and algorithms are shown. Application/Improvements: This algorithm and control strategy helps AGV to move with constant velocity. It also protects AGV from accident or collision, which directly affects the productivity and better material handling process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Multidisciplinary	Arduino controller,DC brushed encoder motor,MATLAB,P,PI and PID controller,Real time data acquisition,Z-N algorithm
Selecting the best layout for the container terminal using Modeling and Simulation Techniques	2016	Proceedings of the International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management	IEOM Society International.Supply chain management is the key to the success and playing a large role in the modern world in every manufacturing and service sector. The effectiveness of the material handling system has a valuable impact on the excellence of supply chain. Although this is a non-value adding process but, cant be avoidable. Therefore, it is required to minimize the cost, time and effect of the material handling system. To analyse and simulate the MHS, port container terminal operations are taken in to study. Every operation in the CT is handling the material. In order to perform the effective handling, storage and retrieval at the stack is very much important. To execute the effective system, it is required to analyse the different scenarios such as various layouts and change of operations using mathematical modelling and Simulation techniques. These results of the different scenarios are compared for the efficiency of the stack.  IEOM Society International.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sri Lanka	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Effective layout,Material Handling system,Simulation,Supply Chain Management
Adaptive simulation using arena software	2016	Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science	A typical automated assembly is a system designed for the assembling of a series of parts which are movable along a guided track in an assembling area. This system consists of a work station that may include a program- controlled robot and a buffer area used for storing sets of parts to be used in the assembly process. An assembly workstation will assemble each set of parts into an assembly before offloading it into a guide path. An automatically-guided vehicle (AGV) or a conveyor system will then transport the assembly, as a unit or in the form of pallets, stopping at points that are predetermined by the guided assembly and unload stations. The robots and the transport system, in a typical automated assembly are computer-controlled. As such, these robots can pick and place the given sets of parts in specific positions; and they can also perform other functions such as welding during motion from station to station until the assembly process is completed. The assembly process contains a plurality of workstations as well as a plurality of storage buffer areas. In the event of a robot failure, the control systems automatically redistribute any remaining work of the failed robot to the functional ones. This work is about creating a generic simulation program of an automated assembly which can be used to simulate a given family of assembly. This program is based on the generic algorithm/flow chart and generic assumptions to be used to simulate an automated assembly process. The generic program is based on Arena and program.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	None
Simulation of Production Lines Supply within Internal Logistics Systems	2016	Open Engineering	2016 Zdenìk Eùjan, published by De Gruyter Open.Supplying of production lines is a complex logistic process, which is very difficult with regards to the requirements of its operation and scheduling. For this reason, this supplying process demands an increased attention. Application of a computer simulation is an efficient tool suitable for solution of the supplying logistic questions. In this paper the application possibilities of the software Tecnomatix Plant Simumlation specified for simulation of the supplying process by means of the system Milk Run will be presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	7	Environmental Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all),Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	logistics,Milk Run,Simulation,transport
The blocking job shop with rail-bound transportation	2016	Journal of Combinatorial Optimization	2014, Springer Science+Business Media New York.The blocking job shop with rail-bound transportation (BJS-RT) considered here is a version of the job shop scheduling problem characterized by the absence of buffers and the use of a rail-bound transportation system. The jobs are processed on machines and are transported from one machine to the next by mobile devices (called robots) that move on a single rail. The robots cannot pass each other, must maintain a minimum distance from each other, but can also “move out of the way”. The objective of the BJS-RT is to determine for each machining operation its starting time and for each transport operation its assigned robot and starting time, as well as the trajectory of each robot, in order to minimize the makespan. Building on previous work of the authors on the flexible blocking job shop and an analysis of the feasible trajectory problem, a formulation of the BJS-RT in a disjunctive graph is derived. Based on the framework of job insertion in this graph, a local search heuristic generating consistently feasible neighbor solutions is proposed. Computational results are presented, supporting the value of the approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	7	Computer Science Applications,Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics,Control and Optimization,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	Blocking,Disjunctive graph,Job insertion,Job shop scheduling,Rail-bound transportation,Robots,Tabu search
An autonomous, visually-guided, counter-sUAS aerial vehicle with net countermeasure	2016	AIAA Atmospheric Flight Mechanics Conference	Copyright  2016 by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Inc. All rights reserved.To address the growing concern of small unmanned aircraft systems (sUAS) entering the airspace over a public event, building, or other protected spaces (whether for recreational purposes or with malicious intent), we are developing a counter-sUAS solution. This solution is based on an aerial intercept vehicle that autonomously pursues the target sUAS and launches a net to entangle the propellers and/or unbalance the sUAS to bring it to the ground. The intercept vehicle is a hexacopter that is guided by a visible-light camera and a single-pixel lidar mounted on a gimbal to track the target sUAS. A custom-built, lightweight, C02 cartridge-powered, net launcher mounted to the top of the vehicle fires when the intercept vehicle is oriented properly at the target and when it is in range. In this manuscript, we describe the problem constraints, system design, image processing chain, computational infrastructure, physical implementations, and various measurements of performance. We describe the current state of development and our experience with the challenge of designing effective countermeasures.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Motion strategy by intelligent vehicles-agents fleet in unfriendly environment	2016	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.This article considers the territory monitoring problems by air vehicles. Vehicles are considered as intelligent agents. A specific feature consists in the inherent antagonism of the motion environment, which is a common situation in practice. Three major conditions of monitoring are formulated, namely, (1) the necessity of repeated solution of the monitoring tasks with varying routes in each cycle, (2) the necessity of online communication among vehicles under their complete independence in decision-making and (3) the possibility of task failure by some vehicles due to constraints imposed by an unfriendly environment. We introduce a group control strategy for a fleet of vehicles performing monitoring. All vehicles-agents receive a given route from a leading agent or calculate and correct the route in the autonomous mode. The efficiency of the suggested approach is demonstrated by monitoring of an emergency situation, viz., a fire in a forest zone approaching a critical object (a nuclear power plant).	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Air vehicle,Group control,Intelligent agent,Monitoring,Strategy,Unfriendly environment
Numerical analysis of dynamics of an automatically tracked anti-tank guided missile using polynomial functions	2016	Journal of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics (Poland)	The paper presents algorithms of automatic control of an intelligent anti-tank guided missile (ATGM) with possibility of attacking the target from the upper ceiling and with possibility of the missile flight through indicated points in space. The polynomial functions are used to designate the program trajectories. Numerical analysis of the operation of chosen algorithms is performed. The results are presented in a graphical form. As it results from the conducted tests, the proposed algorithms of automatic control of ATGM with the use of polynomial functions work properly during attack on the target from the upper ceiling, for both mobile and immobile targets.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	1	Mathematics (all),Mechanical Engineering	Anti-Tank Guided Missile,Direction Algorithm,Homing
A directive programmable audio switcher intelligent control system	2016	International Journal of Multimedia and Ubiquitous Engineering	2016 SERSC.The Audio switcher is high performance intelligent matrix switch equipment which is specially designed for the broadcasting of the audio signal. It is widely used in speech engineering, audio-visual teaching, and command and control center, multi-media conference room and so on and used for switching audio signal. Most of the existing audio switcher support serial control protocol and it can be controlled by the third party software. In this paper, a directive programmable audio switcher intelligent control system was realized. Any kind of audio switcher which supports serial communication protocol can be controlled by this system without any software changing. The only thing to be needed is to change the programmable command list.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all)	Audio workstation,Automatic audio switch,Directive programmable,Serial communication protocol
Sensorless velocity and direction angle control of an unmanned vehicle	2016	Turkish Journal of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences	2016 Tübitak.In this paper an observer based on measured and estimated currents and a kinematic model is designed to estimate the velocity and direction angle of an unmanned vehicle (UV). The Lyapunov stability theory is used to establish the stability conditions for the observer. It is shown that the observer will converge in a finite time and the observer gains satisfy the constraints of the stability conditions. The observed velocity and direction angle are used in the closed loop instead of measured ones for sensorless control of the UV. The velocity and direction angle control of the UV are carried out by a well-tuned PI controller. The experimental results show that the proposed observer can be perfectly implemented for sensorless control without using a mechanical sensor, and satisfying results are obtained. In the experiment, command voltages are used rather than measured ones, and therefore only current sensors are needed for the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	1	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Direction control,Path tracking,Sensorless control,Vehicle system
Concept of indoor 3D-route UAV scheduling system	2016	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The objective of the proposed concept is to develop a methodology to support Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) operation with a path planning and scheduling system in 3D environments. The proposed 3D path-planning and scheduling allows the system to schedule UAVs routing to perform tasks in 3D indoor environment. On top of that, the multi-source productive best-first-search concept also supports efficient real-time scheduling in response to uncertain events. Without human intervention, the proposed work provides an automatic scheduling system for UAV routing problem in 3D indoor environment.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Real-time scheduling,Three-dimensional indoor scheduling
Calibration of vehicle emissions-speed relationships for the greater Cairo roads	2016	International Journal of Civil Engineering and Technology	IAEME Publication.The air pollution in Cairo is a matter of serious concern. The air pollution in greater Cairo is more than 10 to 100 times of acceptable world standards. There is a wide range of speed variation in Cairo. Consequentially, there is a wide range of emission rates. This research explains the relationship between vehicle speed and emissions for small cars using field tests. The representative car in this research is the Daewoo Lanus model 2000. This car is a representative for most small modern cars in Egypt. The mobile emission detector has been fixed on the car emission source. Tests have been implemented in two roads: Salah Salem road and Auto strad road. More than 1000 readings have been taken from the detector at various speeds. The speed varied between 0 and 85 km per hour and the relationships between speed and four types of emissions have been studied. These emissions include Carbon Mono oxide (CO), Carbon Dioxide (CO2), Nitrogen Oxide (NOx), and hydrocarbons (HC).The above data has been transferred from the device format into Excel sheet format for analysis. In this research, the best relationship between speed and CO emission was found to be a multinomial function with third degree. Similarly, the same conclusion was found for relationship between speed and both CO2 and NOx. In contrast, the best relationship between speed and HC is an exponential function. Authors recommend extending these experimental studies to include all types of vehicles and to include all factors that affect emissions. These factors include car model, ambient temperature, motor temperature, machine load, road grade, and other factors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Computer Networks and Communications	Emission modeling,Vehicle emissions,Vehicle speed
Automatic pose correction for image-guided nonhuman primate brain surgery planning	2016	Progress in Biomedical Optics and Imaging - Proceedings of SPIE	2016 SPIE.Intracranial delivery of recombinant DNA and neurochemical analysis in nonhuman primate (NHP) requires precise targeting of various brain structures via imaging derived coordinates in stereotactic surgeries. To attain targeting precision, the surgical planning needs to be done on preoperative three dimensional (3D) CT and/or MR images, in which the animals head is fixed in a pose identical to the pose during the stereotactic surgery. The matching of the image to the pose in the stereotactic frame can be done manually by detecting key anatomical landmarks on the 3D MR and CT images such as ear canal and ear bar zero position. This is not only time intensive but also prone to error due to the varying initial poses in the images which affects both the landmark detection and rotation estimation. We have introduced a fast, reproducible, and semi-automatic method to detect the stereotactic coordinate system in the image and correct the pose. The method begins with a rigid registration of the subject images to an atlas and proceeds to detect the anatomical landmarks through a sequence of optimization, deformable and multimodal registration algorithms. The results showed similar precision (maximum difference of 1.71 in average in-plane rotation) to a manual pose correction.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Biomaterials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	deep brain targeting,mid-sagittal plane,MRI atlas,nonrigid,registration,rigid,stereotactic surgery
Modeling and performance identification for general production system using sensor data	2016	ASME 2016 11th International Manufacturing Science and Engineering Conference, MSEC 2016	Copyright  2016 by ASME and General Motors.The productivity and efficiency of production systems are greatly influenced by their configuration and complex dynamics subject to constant changes caused by technology insertion, engineering modification, as well as disruption events. In this paper, we develop a mathematical model of production systems with general structure (tandem line, parallel, and etc.) to estimate the status of the system (production counts and processing speeds of the stations, buffer levels and production loss) by using sensor data of disruption events. Real-time production system performance such as effective disruption events, opportunity window, and permanent production loss are identified, which is very useful in real-time control to increase overall system efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
In-document adaptation for a human guided automatic transcription service	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.In this work, the task is to assist human transcribers to produce, for example, interview or parliament speech transcriptions. The system will perform in-document adaptation based on a small amount of manually corrected automatic speech recognition results. The corrected segments of the spoken document are used to adapt the speech recognizer’s acoustic and language model. The updated models are used in second-pass recognition to produce a more accurate automatic transcription for the remaining uncorrected parts of the spoken document. In this work we evaluate two common adaptation methods for speech data in settings that represent typical transcription tasks. For adapting the acoustic model we use the Maximum A Posteriori adaptation method. For adapting the language model we use linear interpolation. We compare results of supervised adaptation to unsupervised adaptation, and evaluate the total benefit of using human corrected segments for in-document adaptation for typical transcription tasks.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Acoustic model adaptation,Automatic speech recognition,Human guided speech recognition,Language model adaptation
Positional analysis of a dc brushed encoder motor using ziegler-nichols algorithm	2016	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	Springer India 2016.In the present era, use of Automated Guided vehicles (AGV) has emerged for automation in material handling applications. AGVs are equipped with DC brushed/brushless motors with encoders. The encoders help AGV to move accurately on the track as encoders keep on monitoring the actual shaft position of DC motor. This is called a positional analysis of DC motor. The analysis will be helpful in track following as well as to prevent collision (Between two AGVs or between object and AGV). In the first phase of paper, the details of AGV, Interfacing of Arduino with DC encoder motor and Interfacing of Arduino with MATLAB are shown. In the second phase, the transfer function of the system, type of the system, order of the system, steady state and transient analysis are shown. In the final phase of the paper, system’s response with P, PI and PID controllers are shown with the help of Ziegler-Nicholas (Z-N algorithm) algorithm (Real time and simulation both) with respect to step input.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	India	3	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	AGV,Arduino,DC motor with encoder,MATLAB data acquisition,P, PD and PID controller,SIMULINK,Z-N algorithm
Development of PLC based navigation system for mobile robot	2016	Journal of Telecommunication, Electronic and Computer Engineering	A programmed machine called mobile robot has a skilled of movement in any controlled environment. Microcontroller/microprocessor based controllers is known as the best controller for mobile robot. The difficulties of applying the Microcontroller/microprocessor based controllers as well as writing the program in it bring the attention of researches to look for easier controller such as Programmable Logic Controller (PLC). Yet, it is still very few mobile robots which used PLC as the navigation controller. This project is motivated by this situation, with a consideration to develop the type of mobile robot which is controlled by PLC because of the lack of mobile robot developed under control by PLC. Therefore, this project is trying to develop a PLC based navigation system for mobile robot, by developing the algorithm and analyze the performance of the mobile robot able to follow line hypothetically. All related works with comprised information about mobile robot, controller system and application of PLC in mobile robot navigation system are reviewed. The method to complete this project is starting with designing the program using PLC software, apply the commissioning of the PLC into a mobile robot with complete circuit wiring and analyze the project. To analyze the project, a navigation experiment is done under 2 different paths and each path is repeated for 5 times. The experiment was represented using line graph in order to know the effectiveness of the mobile robot movement using PLC system. Both path showed a good result with tolerance about 5-10% of error thus it prove the hypothesis. Lastly, as a conclusion, the significant finding in this project is proved that PLC is able to be applied as line following mobile robot control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Controller,Mobile robot,Navigation system,Programmable Logic Controller
Towards cyclic scheduling of grid-like structure networks	2016	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The paper treats about a grid-like topology of different means of transport acting in mesh-like streets network in which several modes interact each other via common shared hubs (i.e. stops, interchange stations, cross-platforms, etc.) as to provide mass customized passenger services, tailored to each travel destination. In that context, a grid-like layout of various transport modes such as tram, bus, train, subway where passenger flows are treated as multimodal processes can be seen as a real-life example of the considered case. The goal is to provide a declarative model representation enabling to state a constraint satisfaction problem aimed at multimodal transportation processes scheduling aimed at dedicated flows of passengers service. The main objective is to provide conditions guaranteeing the right match-up of local cyclic acting tram/bus/metro line schedules to a given passenger flow itineraries.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Constraint satisfaction problem,Cyclic scheduling,Declarative modelling,Grid structure,Multimodal processes
The Next Step in Robot Commissioning: Autonomous Picking and Palletizing	2016	IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters	2016 IEEE.So far, autonomous order picking (commissioning) systems have not been able to meet the stringent demands regarding speed, safety, and accuracy of real-world warehouse automation, resulting in reliance on human workers. In this letter, we target the next step in autonomous robot commissioning: automatizing the currently manual order picking procedure. To this end, we investigate the use case of autonomous picking and palletizing with a dedicated research platform and discuss lessons learned during testing in simplified warehouse settings. The main theoretical contribution is a novel grasp representation scheme which allows for redundancy in the gripper pose placement. This redundancy is exploited by a local, prioritized kinematic controller which generates reactive manipulator motions on-the-fly. We validated our grasping approach by means of a large set of experiments, which yielded an average grasp acquisition time of 23.5 s at a success rate of 94.7%. Our system is able to autonomously carry out simple order picking tasks in a human-safe manner, and as such serves as an initial step toward future commercial-scale in-house logistics automation solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	32	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	autonomous vehicle navigation,grasping,Logistics,mobile manipulation,robot safety
Simulation of Detecting Function object for AGV Using Computer Vision with Neural Network	2016	Procedia Computer Science	2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.The objective of this paper is to simulate the algorithm to detect object for Automated Guide Vehicle (AGV) guidance problem, namely to obstacle avoidance. Currently, the AGV is a transport vehicle widely used in manufacturing factories and plays an important role in the design of material handling system, moving goods to raw materials or finished product to rightful destination that work automatically. This method has been designed for use in security of internal transportation system in order to prevent a collision to the AGVs and the obstacles, which do not know the exact shape, size and color. Such real-time obstacle detection was crucial, we need to classify the obstacles that are real obstacles or fake obstacles. The computer vision with artificial neural networks (ANN) can help the AGV can see and recognize like a human by imitating the functions of the human brain. In this paper, we proposed an algorithm for detecting obstacle that work automatically with no human is required. The algorithm is divided in to two parts: First, a preliminary feature extraction stage by using the Histograms of Oriented Gradients (HOG) to extract height objects feature from the actual video images. Second, the recognition and classification of the obstacles that are real obstacles or fake obstacles such as a painting or text on the floor by a feed-forward time delay neural network (TDNN) in sequences of black and white video images taken by an on-board camera, then decide whether to hold or continue to be moved. As a result, this paper presents the simulate the algorithm to detect the obstacles for AGV, which can work to destination are defined and avoided obstacles by computer vision with TDNN as an alternative principle with high accuracy and reliability.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Computer Science (all)	AGV,image sequence,object classification,object detection,time delay neural network
Design of an anti-tip-over control for counterbalance forklifts using bond graph models	2016	Simulation Series	2016 Society for Modeling & Simulation International (SCS).Counterbalance forklifts are one of the most commonly used industrial vehicles when transporting and handling loads. However, due to the height of their center of gravity they are very unstable and prone to accidents. This paper studies a counterbalance forklift, specifically an automated guided forklift. As it is automatically controlled, it does not depend on the human factor and we can enhance safety by improving stability. The main purpose of this work is to improve forklifts' stability and, at the same time, to reduce the transportation times with the subsequent saving in operating costs. For this paper a bond graph model of a forklift has been designed and a simulation model has been developed. In this model it has been implemented a new concept of anti-tip-over controller, based on the control of the pitch angle. Several load conditions have been simulated, comparing a forklift equipped with the anti-tip-over controller developed and the same forklift without any stability controller. Comparing the transportation times in both cases, substantial improvements have been observed. In order to validate the results and ensure that the controller is perfectly feasible, a scaled prototype has been manufactured. The dynamic parameters have been also scaled, so the result can be extrapolated to the real model. Several experiments have been carried out and the controller has resulted to be perfectly stable against external disturbances, as the impact of an object when the load is raised.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Computer Networks and Communications	Bond graph modeling,Control,Counterbalance forklifts,Forklifts,Pitch control
Real time handling system to enhance the productivity based on the layout improvement	2016	International Review on Modelling and Simulations	2016 Praise Worthy Prize S.r.l. - All rights reserved.Factory layout is one of the key factors that may increase the productivity and the production rate in industrial organizations. A suitable layout with online tracking system for the movement of final product, work in progress and inventory locations will enhance the material handling system. However, the development of new technologies such as Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system and Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) may help in improving the utilization of factory facilities. The aim of this research is to analyze the effect of using (AGV) system and (RFID) technology to track and trace the flow of more than one type of products in order to enhance and improve the utilization of the production line. In this research, the integration between two advanced technologies, AGV system and RFID technology, has been simulated using Delmia Quest software as one of the effective tools for the simulation of discrete events. The simulation was conducted using the AGV as handling system and the RFID as tracking system for each individual product. The results show the of the production rate and the utilization of all the machines. As a result, the idle time was decreased. In conclusion, both the AGV and RFID both have their own role to increase the productivity of the factory layout. Finally, this project will be tested by some modelling and simulation with the Delmia QUEST software.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	6	Modeling and Simulation,Chemical Engineering (all),Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Delmia quest,Factory layout,RFID
Using Autonomous Intelligence to Build a Smart Shop Floor	2016	Procedia CIRP	2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.The vision of smart factory is based on the notion of Industry 4.0 that denotes technologies and concepts related to cyber-physical systems and the Internet of Things (IoT). In smart factories cyber-physical systems monitor physical processes, create a virtual copy of the physical world and make decentralized decisions. Over the IoT, cyber-physical systems communicate and cooperate with each other in real time. This paper presents a smart factory architecture based on communication and computing layers that embed scheduling mechanisms within a mechanical shop floor. Every physical entity in the shop floor is seen as an autonomous intelligent agent that performs tasks guided by dynamic scheduling functions. A test bed has been set up to show how physical entities can be cooperative and autonomous units that can automatize the shop floor operation processes. The results verify the feasibility and efficiency of proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	agent,cyber-physical systems,industry 4.0,scheduling,smart shop floor
Investigating security vulnerabilities in modern vehicle systems	2016	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2016.Modern vehicle systems have evolved from an isolated control system into an interconnected architecture combining software, hardware, and data. Such architecture is specialized into vehicle infotainment system (e.g., SYNC of Ford, iDrive of BMW and MMI of Audi), Vehicle to Vehicle (V2V), Vehicle to Infrastructure (V2I), and vehicle social system which connects to social media networks. These systems hold private and sensitive information such as travel plans, social network messages, login credentials to bank accounts, and so on, which is a lucrative target for malicious attackers. Unfortunately, existing research overlooks the security issues with respect to this highly integrated system. This paper presents security issues across various systems related to modern vehicles through a a holistic and systematic view. We analyze each system components with respect to published attacks in details and present a synthesized body of knowledge. We identify the growing trend where security attacks are launched from the cyber space to vehicle control system via smartphones and vehicle networks. In the foreseeable future, we expect more security attacks both in numbers and in complexity. Knowing this will arise the awareness of vehicle system security and help engineers to build security solutions.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	2	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Authentication and authorization,Distributed systems security,Evaluation of security,Modern vehicle system,Privacy,Privacy protection,Reliability,Security,Smartphone security
3D near infrared and ultrasound imaging of peripheral blood vessels for real-time localization and needle guidance	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG 2016.This paper presents a portable imaging device designed to detect peripheral blood vessels for cannula insertion that are otherwise difficult to visualize beneath the skin. The device combines near infrared stereo vision,ultrasound,and real-time image analysis to map the 3D structure of subcutaneous vessels. We show that the device can identify adult forearm vessels and be used to guide manual insertions in tissue phantoms with increased first-stick accuracy compared to unassisted cannulation. We also demonstrate that the system may be coupled with a robotic manipulator to perform automated,image-guided venipuncture.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Optimization of paint shop department using discrete event simulation	2016	28th European Modeling and Simulation Symposium, EMSS 2016	The paper deals with a realistic simulation case study focused on the optimization of the production processes of products staining. The simulation study is focused on the validation of various options for increasing the total production quantity of the production system. The goal of the simulation study is to validate the planned investment and also verify other possible measures leading to an overall increase of the production of the paint shop department.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Modeling and Simulation	Discrete event simulation,Optimization,Paint shop,Simulation model
Sheep flock heredity algorithm to solve the loop layout problem in flexible manufacturing system	2016	International Journal of Enterprise Network Management	The flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) layout problem is dealt with the arrangement of facilities in a given location. In FMS layouts, the loop layout is more desirable than the other because of their relative lower initial investment costs. The objective is to determine an assignment of machines that yields a minimum materials handling cost without congestion. In this paper, sheep flock heredity algorithm (SFHA) is proposed for solving the loop layout problem (LLP), and validated through benchmark problems. In SFHA, the pairwise mutation process is removed by single point mutation process which guarantees the feasibility of the solutions in the local search domain. Chromosomal crossover is removed by robust-replace heuristic to develop the global search. The computational results showed that the SFHA algorithm is producing good quality solutions for large sized problems compared with other algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation,Business and International Management	Facility layout,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,LLP,Loop layout problem,SFHA,Sheep flock heredity algorithm
Application of two-phase decomposition algorithm to practical airline crew rostering problem for fair working time	2016	Journal of Advanced Mechanical Design, Systems and Manufacturing	2016 The Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers.We propose an application of a two-phase decomposition algorithm for a practical airline crew rostering problem for fair working time. The problem is to find an optimal assignment of duties to individual crew members such that various hard constraints such as rest days, rules and regulations are satisfied. The objective is to minimize the total deviation of the average working time from the standard working time for crew members. A two-phase decomposition algorithm is successfully applied to solve the problem. The proposed method decomposes the original problem into the master problem and the subproblem. The master problem is solved by an exact algorithm with a generalized set partitioning formulation if all possible rosters are enumerated by an efficient enumeration algorithm. The upper bound is improved by a metaheuristic algorithm. The effectiveness of the proposed method for a large scale rostering problem is shown from computational experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Airline crew rostering,Metaheuristics,Mixed integer programming,Two-phase decomposition algorithm
Hierarchical linearly-solvable Markov decision problems	2016	Proceedings International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling, ICAPS	Copyright  2016, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (www.aaai.org). All rights reserved.We present a hierarchical reinforcement learning framework that formulates each task in the hierarchy as a special type of Markov decision process for which the Bellman equation is linear and has analytical solution. Problems of this type, called linearly-solvable MDPs (LMDPs) have interesting properties that can be exploited in a hierarchical setting, such as efficient learning of the optimal value function or task compositionality. The proposed hierarchical approach can also be seen as a novel alternative to solving LMDPs with large state spaces. We derive a hierarchical version of the socalled Z-learning algorithm that learns different tasks simultaneously and show empirically that it significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art learning methods in two classical hierarchical reinforcement learning domains: the taxi domain and an autonomous guided vehicle task.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management	None
Heterogeneous dynamics through coupling cellular automata models	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.In certain situations the simultaneous dynamics of two systems influencing each other, for instance due to the fact that they share a portion of space, must be simulated to study the interaction among them. When a CA approach is adopted to model this kind of situation, we must consider that particular care in selecting the proper granularity level in environmental representation and time resolution must be paid. In addition to this, specific interaction rules, "inter-rules", must be defined in addition to the traditional transition function, representing "intra-rules". In this paper we discuss the general issues of the above general scenario and we describe in details a relevant example represented by the dynamical interplay among pedestrians and vehicles in non-signalized crossings.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Italy	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Cellular automata,Model coupling,Pedestrian crossing
A trial of acoustical distance measurement based on phase interference using an ultrasonic sound	2016	ICSV 2016 - 23rd International Congress on Sound and Vibration: From Ancient to Modern Acoustics	In order to achieve the realistic sensation of sound, sound field reproduction technique plays a very important role. The sound field reproduction technology is roughly classified into binaural and transaural reproduction systems. The former has a merit that it can be implemented in small scale systems under the assumption of the headphone listening but it is somewhat burdensome to wear the headphone. Although the latter does not require headphones, it requires large scale system to reproduce the sound field. In this paper, we focus on the development of small scale sound reproduction system. If the distance between sound source and listener is a priori known, it may be possible to reproduce the sound field more accurately. As a method of distance estimation for a target, acoustical distance measurement (ADM) was proposed based on phase interference using audible sound. However, measurement of audible sound has the potential to record private information such as conversation, which may yield a privacy issue. There is a reproduction method of sound field by parametric loudspeaker using ultrasonic sound. Therefore, in order to reproduce sound field more accurately, protecting personal conversation from the sound measurement, this paper describes a new method to estimate the distance using an ultrasonic wave. This acoustic distance measurement is based on interference between direct wave and reflected wave using ultrasonic wave. First, the composite wave of direct wave and reflected wave is observed, and then the power spectrum of the composite wave is obtained by Fourier transform. The power spectrum of composite wave is a periodical function whose period is inversely proportional to the distance between microphone and target. Finally, by applying Fourier transform again to the power spectrum, the range spectrum is obtained, whose peak position corresponds to the distance. To confirm the effectiveness of the proposed method, it is applied to the actual situation of distance measurement by using ultrasonic sound.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Mechanical Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Acoustics and Ultrasonics	None
Management of Intermodal Freight Terminals by First-Order Hybrid Petri Nets	2016	IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters	2016 IEEE.In this paper, we show how first-order hybrid Petri nets can be efficiently used to model and manage intermodal freight transport terminals. The proposed formalism enables the terminal decision maker to choose the speeds associated with continuous transitions in order to optimize the terminal performance by two alternative control policies: the container flows maximization and the minimization of the residual containers in the storage area. The approach may be used either offline, to take decisions on the terminal resources, or online, to solve congestions/malfunctions. A real case study is modeled and managed by the proposed optimal control policies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Discrete Event Dynamic Automation Systems,Logistics,Petri Nets for Automation Control
An adaptive-PID path tracking algorithm based on high accuracy driving map for an autonomous vehicle	2016	International Journal of Simulation: Systems, Science and Technology	2016, UK Simulation Society. All rights reserved.Trajectory tracking has been an important part of Autonomous vehicles, it is a reflection of the ability of vehicle with zero steady-state error tracking predetermined trajectory, and the error of lateral control depends mainly on nonlinear characteristics and trajectory in vehicle dynamics model of uncertainty. Therefore, this paper proposes an adaptive-PID control algorithm based on high accuracy driving maps, by using a preview factor which depends on the real-time speed and driving map curvature. The algorithm get the vehicle lateral error and heading error as input and output real-time steering angle in combination with the vehicle kinematics model and driving map model, it shows the better performance in high speed and large curvature on the road. This algorithm has been used in completely open road “Zheng-Kai road” first national test and won third position in 2014 Future Challenge of China.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation	Adaptive-PID control,Autonomous vehicle,High accuracy driving map,Trajectory tracking
Port truck scheduling on a dedicated transportation route at a container terminal	2016	CIE 2016: 46th International Conferences on Computers and Industrial Engineering	This paper studies the problem of container truck scheduling on a dedicated transportation route, which connects the container yard and the outside of a container terminal. We consider two objectives to minimize the total waiting time of tasks and the total fuel consumption simultaneously. It is motivated by practical applications in some container terminals which are located at islands tens of miles away from continents and connect to the outsides via long distance bridges. Each container truck either sending an outbound container to the terminal yard or fetching an inbound container from the yard suffers halfway empty driving during the round trip. With the assumption that all the tasks of container transportation on the bridge segment are served by port trucks, we propose the vehicle scheduling problem which balances the trade-off between service quality and energy consumption. Our main contributions include the formulation of a bi-objective integer linear programming (ILP) model and an evolutionary heuristic which applies NSGA-II algorithm in searching non-dominated solutions for either objective. Experimental results show that the proposed heuristic algorithm efficiently solves the problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Container terminals,Integer linear programming,Pork truck scheduling
Research on path planing of parking system based on Dijkstra-Ant colony hybrid algorithm	2016	Chinese Journal of Engineering Design	Aiming at path planning problem of AGV accessing cars in intelligent solid garage, a hybrid algorithm is proposed by combining Dijkstra algorithm with ant colony algorithm. Firstly, Link Method was used to establish environment model of AGV, Dijkstra algorithm was applied to plan the initial path of AGV. Then, with the methods of nodes random selection mechanism and the combination of local renewal and global renewal of the pheromone, the traditional ant colony algorithm was optimized and improved. Finally, the initial path planned by Dijkstra algorithm was optimized by improved ant colony algorithm. The simulation results showed that the optimized path from starting point to ending point could be attained with Dijkstra algorithm and Dijkstra-Ant colony algorithm on the premise of effectively avoiding obstacles. Moreover, compared with Dijkstra algorithm, Dijkstra-Ant colony algorithm could effectively raise search efficiency, shorten the search path length, and improve the quality of search path. The results indicate that Dijkstra-Ant colony hybrid algorithm is correct, feasible and effective, and simultaneously exhibits stronger global search ability and better convergence performance, and can meet the requirement of AGV accessing cars in path planning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Computational Mechanics,Civil and Structural Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Ant colony algorithm,Dijkstra algorithm,Parking system,Path planning
Approximating value equivalence in interactive dynamic influence diagrams using behavioral coverage	2016	IJCAI International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence	Interactive dynamic influence diagrams (I-DIDs) provide an explicit way of modeling how a subject agent solves decision making problems in the presence of other agents in a common setting. To optimize its decisions, the subject agent needs to predict the other agents' behavior, that is generally obtained by solving their candidate models. This becomes extremely difficult since the model space may be rather large, and grows when the other agents act and observe over the time. A recent proposal for solving I-DIDs lies in a concept of value equivalence (VE) that shows potential advances on significantly reducing the model space. In this paper, we establish a principled framework to implement the VE techniques and propose an approximate method to compute VE of candidate models. The development offers ample opportunity of exploiting VE to further improve the scalability of IDID solutions. We theoretically analyze properties of the approximate techniques and show empirical results in multiple problem domains.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	1	Artificial Intelligence	None
Process description languages in construction logistics	2016	Periodica Polytechnica Transportation Engineering	During the construction processes, many problems might arise, at present the symptomatic treatment is the common practice. Besides, the literature offers a wide choice of business process description languages. This paper presents the modern principles and the description languages are used in the construction's logistics processes. The most commonly used process description methods in the construction industry are the simple flow charts and Gantt diagrams. In our days, the Last Planner System (LPS) has a wide application range in the construction processes. The mostly used standardized process description language in the construction processes is the IDEF0 (Integrated DEFinition for function modelling, version 0). The hybrid model is also promising, which combines the scheduling, the BPMN (Business Process Model Notation) charts and IDEF0 method. Finally, by a comparison, a proposal has been developed, which gives a good basis to describe the logistics processes of construction.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	2	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Construction,Logistics,Process description languages
Cache-oblivious loops based on a novel space-filling curve	2016	Proceedings - 2016 IEEE International Conference on Big Data, Big Data 2016	2016 IEEE.Modern microprocessors offer a rich memory hierarchy including various levels of cache and registers. Some of these memories (like main memory, L3 cache) are big but slow and shared among all cores. Others (registers, L1 cache) are fast and exclusively assigned to a single core but small. Only if the data accesses have a high locality, we can avoid excessive data transfers between the memory hierarchy. In this paper we consider fundamental algorithms like matrix multiplication and decomposition as well as K-means clustering typically operating in two or three nested loops. We propose to traverse these loops whenever possible not in the canonical order but in an order defined by a space-filling curve. This traversal order dramatically improves data locality over a wide granularity allowing not only to efficiently support a cache of a single, known size (cache conscious) but also a hierarchy of various caches where the effective size available to our algorithms may even be unknown (cache oblivious). We propose a new space-filling curve called Fast Unrestricted (FUR) Hilbert with the following advantages: (1) we overcome the usual limitation to square-like grid sizes where the side-length is a power of 2 or 3. Instead, our approach allows arbitrary loop boundaries for all variables. (2) FUR-Hilbert is non-recursive with a guaranteed constant worst case time complexity per loop iteration (in contrast to O(log(grid-size)) for previous methods). (3) Our non-recursive approach makes the application of our cache-oblivious loops in any host algorithm as easy as conventional loops and facilitates automatic optimization by the compiler. We believe that future compilers could translate nested loops into cache-oblivious loops either fully automatic or by a user-guided analysis of the data dependency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture	Cache-oblivious,Hilbert curve,Z-order curve
Development of a fully automated guided wave system for in-process cure monitoring of CFRP composite laminates	2016	Proceedings of the American Society for Composites - 31st Technical Conference, ASC 2016	A guided wave-based in-process cure monitoring technique for carbon fiber reinforced polymer (CFRP) composites was investigated at NASA Langley Research Center. A key cure transition point (vitrification) was identified and the degree of cure was monitored using metrics such as amplitude and time of arrival (TOA) of guided waves. Using an automated system preliminarily developed in this work, high-temperature piezoelectric transducers were utilized to interrogate a twenty-four ply unidirectional composite panel fabricated from Hexcel® IM7/8552 prepreg during cure. It was shown that the amplitude of the guided wave increased sharply around vitrification and the TOA curve possessed an inverse relationship with degree of cure. The work is a first step in demonstrating the feasibility of transitioning the technique to perform in-process cure monitoring in an autoclave, defect detection during cure, and ultimately a closed-loop process control to maximize composite part quality and consistency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Ceramics and Composites	None
The material dispatching method for conveyor system in 450 mm wafer fabrication	2016	Journal of Testing and Evaluation	Copyright  2016 by ASTM International.The transition to 450 mm wafer manufacturing has already become a development trend for the semiconductor industry. To handle the larger wafer size, the conveyor-based automated material handling system (AMHS) is considered as the next-generation transportation.However, there is not any effective method for handling prioritized lots for 450mm conveyor-based AMHS. This study developed an effective dispatching method named the "conveyor preemptive dispatching" (CPD) method for conveyor-based AMHS to minimize the average variable time of hot lots with the minimum impact to the transport of normal lots. Experiment results revealed that the CPD demonstrates better performance than the existing method. The CPD method reduced the average variable time by 59 % (from 14.572 to 5.904 s) for hot lots and 31 % (from 3962.394 to 2741.889 s) for normal lots. It expedites the movement of lots and significantly reduces lot average variable time and will effectively enhance the throughput of lots transportation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	450 mm wafer fabrication,AMHS,Conveyor,Preemptive
Defining Scheduling Problems for Key Resources in Energy-Efficient Port Service Systems	2016	Scientific Programming	2016 Daofang Chang et al.This paper addresses the problem of key resource scheduling of container terminals for energy-efficient operation. A combination of key resource scheduling and energy-efficient operation in container terminals is firstly described. An energy-efficient evaluation model of the key resource scheduling is then proposed. The objective set, decision variable set, and constraint set of key resource scheduling of a container terminal for energy-efficient operation are established in this paper. At the same time, their mapping relationship is carefully analyzed and the system structure of the key resource scheduling for energy-efficient operation of a container terminal is finally proposed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Software,Computer Science Applications	None
Evaluating defense simulation packages using analytic hierarchy process	2016	Journal of Internet Technology	2016, Taiwan Academic Network Management Committee. All rights reserved.With the advent of increasing availability and usage of defense simulation packages it has become cumbersome to decide which package will suit a given application? Therefore, the need of a mechanism to facilitate the selection of an appropriate package is inevitable. This paper provides an evaluation for defense simulation tools based on Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP). In this study, AHP is employed to evaluate four different defense simulation packages. The evaluation process is implemented using decision support software based on AHP. The results of the experiment are addressed, analyzed and compared in the context of frameworks' criteria and sub-criteria.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Saudi Arabia	2	Software,Computer Networks and Communications	Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP),Defense simulation package,Evaluation framework,Multi-criteria decision making
Collision avoidance using contact information with multiple objects by multi-leg robot	2016	Journal of Robotics and Mechatronics	2016, Fuji Technology Press. All rights reserved.In robotics, a walking through motion is complex because of the presence of multipoint contact objects in the working environment of a robot. To simplify the walking through motion of a robot, a virtual impedance field is implemented to the contact points of the robot and an object so that the robot avoids the object passively. The traveling direction of the robot is altered by a virtual repulsive force obtained from the position of the estimated obstacle and the virtual impedance field. The resulting action depends on the parameter of virtual impedance coefficients. Because a combination of parameters includes many things, reinforcement learning is employed to obtain an optimal motion. The optimization of the multipoint contact walking through motion of a robot is finally achieved by evaluating the walking motion while encountering complex obstacles in a dynamic simulator. The motion is implemented on a hexapod robot, and the results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Hexapod robot,Motion planning,Multi-legged robot,Obstacle avoidance
Automatic vehicle collision avoidance system - a survey	2016	Research Journal of Pharmaceutical, Biological and Chemical Sciences	Collision avoidance is a greatest challenge in the world but with the enhancement of emerging embedded technologies in automotive field, the life of people becomes more comfortable and provides safety against accidents. With more than one death and four injuries every minute, India has the dubious distinction of reporting highest number of road fatalities in the world and the government says the prime reason is "drivers' fault". In India most of the road accidents are happened due to distracted driving, drowsy driving, over speeding, drunk driving etc. The main aim of this paper is to review the various research papers related to automatic vehicle collision avoidance system. Some of the reviewed work include braking system which senses an obstacle using ultrasonic sensor and calculate relative distance and apply brake automatically. By using Alcohol sensor, eye blink sensor drunken driver, driver fatigue condition can be avoided. Obstacle and track deviation is identified by camera and imaging system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics (all)	Collision avoidance,Driving,Objet detection,Sensors etc
An Assignment-Based Approach to Efficient Real-Time City-Scale Taxi Dispatching	2016	IEEE Intelligent Systems	2001-2011 IEEE.This study proposes and evaluates an efficient real-time taxi dispatching strategy that solves the linear assignment problem to find a globally optimal taxi-to-request assignment at each decision epoch. The authors compare the assignment-based strategy with two popular rule-based strategies. They evaluate dispatching strategies in detail in the city of Berlin and the neighboring region of Brandenburg using the microscopic large-scale MATSim simulator. The assignment-based strategy produced better results for both drivers (less idle driving) and passengers (less waiting). However, computing the assignments for thousands of taxis in a huge road network turned out to be computationally demanding. Certain adaptations pertaining to the cost matrix calculation were necessary to increase the computational efficiency and assure real-time responsiveness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	53	Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	Computational modeling,Dispatching,Heuristic algorithms,Public transportation,Real-time systems,Vehicle dynamics,Vehicles
A dynamic multi agent based scheduling for flexible flow line manufacturing system: UPVC door and window company	2016	Proceedings of the International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management	IEOM Society International.Dynamic rescheduling decision-making problem is an important issue in modern manufacturing system with the feature of combinational computation complexity. This paper introduces a multi-agent based approach using the detailed process, provided by Prometheus methodology, which used for the design of a simultaneous dynamic rescheduling decision making for flexible flow line manufacturing system that working under dynamic customer demand. The application has been completely modeled with the Prometheus Design Tool (PDT), which offers full support to Prometheus Methodology. The proposed dynamic scheduling decision making system is developed for Automated UPVC door and Windows Company and can be support both static and dynamic scheduling.  IEOM Society International.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dynamic scheduling,Flow line manufacturing,Multi agent system
Document delivery robot based on image processing and fuzzy control	2016	Transactions of the Canadian Society for Mechanical Engineering	2016, Canadian Society for Mechanical Engineering. All rights reserved.The objective of this study is to integrate image processing, pattern recognition, RFID, and fuzzy theory into an omnidirectional wheeled mobile robot for receiving and delivering documents between rooms. In image pre-processing, the Hue-Saturation-Lightness color space is applied to avoid light interference, and then grayscale image threshold is used to obtain binary image. The median filter is utilized to filter the noises of speckle and salt-and-pepper, so color segmentation is then applied to capture desired color for tracking control. Pattern recognition is performed by the Adaptive Resonance Theory. RFID reader and room tag is used to verify the room number of the destination so that the recognition error from image processing can be avoided. Fuzzy theory is implemented into an omnidirectional wheeled mobile robot control design for driving the wheels of the robot. Experimental results show that the proposed control scheme can make the omnidirectional mobile robot move to destination, receive and deliver documents between offices.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Mechanical Engineering	Adaptive resonance theory,Fuzzy control,Image processing,RFID,Wheeled mobile robot
Towards automated multi-objective rule extraction	2016	European Simulation and Modelling Conference 2016, ESM 2016	The results from simulation-based optimizations are not always easy to interpret, especially in terms of finding essential patterns in the relations between parameter settings and the obtained solutions. Approaches very useful for decision-information can be produced by combining simulation-based optimization and data mining. The integration of such methods into intelligent decision support systems (IDSS) has great potential, especially if the workflow through simulation, optimization and data analysis can be automated. The issues with current methods have been the lack of integrated automated solutions and difficulties to handle discrete input parameter data. A new multi-objective rule extraction method, with the ability to handle discrete input parameters, is proposed and has been developed towards integration in an IDSS. A demonstrator clearly shows the potential of the proposed concept and the essential measures toward a fully automated approach has been tested.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Modeling and Simulation	Data mining,Decision-support,Optimization,Simulation
Robust mobile robot localization based on a security laser: An industry case study	2016	Industrial Robot	Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose - This paper aims to address a mobile robot localization system that avoids using a dedicated laser scanner, making it possible to reduce implementation costs and the robot's size. The system has enough precision and robustness to meet the requirements of industrial environments. Design/methodology/approach - Using an algorithm for artificial beacon detection combined with a Kalman Filter and an outlier rejection method, it was possible to enhance the precision and robustness of the overall localization system. Findings - Usually, industrial automatic guide vehicles feature two kinds of lasers: one for navigation placed on top of the robot and another for obstacle detection (security lasers). Recently, security lasers extended their output data with obstacle distance (contours) and reflectivity. These new features made it possible to develop a novel localization system based on a security laser. Research limitations/implications - Once the proposed methodology is completely validated, in the future, a scheme for global localization and failure detection should be addressed. Practical implications - This paper presents a comparison between the presented approach and a commercial localization system for industry. The proposed algorithms were tested in an industrial application under realistic working conditions. Social implications - The presented methodology represents a gain in the effective cost of the mobile robot platform, as it discards the need for a dedicated laser for localization purposes. Originality/value - This paper presents a novel approach that benefits from the presence of a security laser on mobile robots (mandatory sensor when considering industrial applications), using it simultaneously with other sensors, not only to guarantee safety conditions during operation but also to locate the robot in the environment. This paper is also valuable because of the comparison made with a commercialized system, as well as the tests conducted in real industrial environments, which prove that the approach presented is suitable for working under these demanding conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Kalman filter,Localization,Mobile robots,Outliers rejection,Security laser
Flexible robotic manufacturing cell scheduling problem with multiple robots	2016	International Journal of Production Research	2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.By considering the loaded and empty moving tie of robots moving among loading station, machines and unloading station, the flexible robotic manufacturing cell scheduling problem with multiple robots is studied. An improved discrete particle swarm optimisation with genetic operator and random-heuristic initialisation method is created to minimise the makespan. In addition, a multi-robot scheduling strategy is proposed to minimise the displacement operation when inserting the transportation tasks. By exchanging the positions of critical operations, the neighbourhood structure is established to enhance the capacity of the algorithm to local search. After detailed algorithm design and description, we report the results of a computational study that provides evidence that the proposed optimisation-based approach delivers high-quality solutions against the well-known algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible job-shop,Heuristic algorithm,Multi-robot manufacturing cell,PSO
Autonomous control of GPS denied guided airdrop systems using radio beacon feedback	2016	2016 AIAA Guidance, Navigation, and Control Conference	2016, (publisher). All rights reserved.Precision guided airdrop systems have shown considerable accuracy improvements over more widely used unguided systems through high quality position, velocity, and time feedback provided by GPS. These systems, like many autonomous vehicles, have become solely dependent on GPS to conducted mission operations. This high dependence on GPS for feedback control makes airdrop systems susceptible to GPS blackout in mountainous or urban terrain due to multi-pathing issues or from signal jamming in active military zones. This work overcomes loss of GPS through the implementation of a single radio frequency range beacon which can be deployed at the target by ground crew on site to retrieve package delivery. Two novel guidance, navigation, and control algorithms are presented which use a radio frequency beacon integrated with a ground wind anemometer in conjunction with onboard sensors to formulate control decisions in order to maintain a high level of accuracy in the event of GPS blackout.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Speed and direction angle control of four wheel drive skid-steered mobile robot by using fractional Order PI controller	2016	Elektronika ir Elektrotechnika	In this paper, speed and direction angle control of four-wheel drive skid-steered mobile robot (4WD SSMR) is realized by Fractional-Order Proportional Integral (FOPI) controller. Speed and direction angle of the mobile robot are calculated by using angular velocity of each motors. FOPI controller produces the torques of each motor of mobile robot for trajectory tracking and stabilization in the desired position. A well-tuned conventional PI controller is also applied to mobile robot for comparison with the FOPI. Experimental results prove that the FOPI shows better trajectory tracking performance than PI controller in terms of trajectory tracking accuracy and error levels.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	8	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	4WD SSMR,BLDC motor,Fractional order PI,Trajectory tracking
A novel GNSS integrity augmentation system for autonomous airport ground operations	2016	29th International Technical Meeting of the Satellite Division of the Institute of Navigation, ION GNSS 2016	In recent years, the degree of vehicle automation is continuously increasing in all modes of transport. Automated Guided Transport (AGT) systems, which were conceptualised a couple of decades ago are now being realised as unmanned aircraft systems and autonomous ground/sea vehicles. Autonomous ground vehicles are an emerging tool that provide a safer, more cost-effective and sustainable alternative to traditional methods. Furthermore, they offer the capability to detect, alert and compensate for any deviations from the required system performance. In this paper, the system architecture and mathematical modeling of a Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) based Navigation and Guidance System (NGS) for autonomous airport surface vehicle operations is presented. Specifically, an integrity augmentation system is implemented in the NGS by modeling the key GNSS error sources (including masking, multipath and signal attenuation). The GNSS based integrity augmentation system is designed to be capable of monitoring the Required Navigation Performance (RNP) and providing usable and timely alerts (by the generation of caution and warning flags). The system is also capable of issuing suitable steering commands to an on-board trajectory re-optimization module; in the event of GNSS signal degradations or losses. One of the key focuses is on modelling the multipath error, which is determined using a ray tracing algorithm. The vehicle position error is obtained as a function of relative geometry between the satellites, receiver antenna and reflectors in realistic airport ground operation environment. Additionally, the airside surface vehicle dynamics and reflective surfaces of buildings located in the airport premises are modelled in order to simulate a 2D trajectory (assuming a flat surface) in a representative airport scenario. Simulation results corroborate the validity of the mathematical models developed for the GNSS based integrity augmentation system, as well as the capability of the system to generate predictive and reactive alerts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Computer Science Applications,Software,Computer Networks and Communications,Communication,Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Airside operations,Avionics based integrity augmentation,Global navigation satellite system,Integrity flags,Integrity monitoring and augmentation,Model-predictive
The Use of Computer Controlled Line Follower Robots in Public Transport	2016	Procedia Computer Science	2016 The Authors.There is a need for technological reform and innovation in public transport because of the increasing number passengers. In order to ease up the problems arising from the increasing number of passengers, the number of services can be increased and the transit times between stops can be shortened, which result in drivers' weariness and speeding leading to accidents. For that reason, the integration of technology to public transport becomes a must to prevent such accidents. This study aims to investigate "the use of computer controlled line follower robots in public transport".	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	8	Computer Science (all)	automatic guided vehicles,Line follower,mobile-connected vehicles,public transport
Tracking control for a biomimetic robotic fish guided by active vision	2016	International Journal of Robotics and Automation	This paper is concerned with control issue of active vision guided tracking for an agile robotic fish. A control method for guaranteeing the stability of the swinging head is proposed, which aims at steady image data acquisition. Then, a control framework with the properties of multiple stages is presented. The artificial landmark-based visual positioning and directional control implemented as a fuzzy logic controller are combined in this framework. Furthermore, reasonable control strategies are put forward to balance the kinematic performance and the tracking accuracy. Finally, tracking tests have been conducted on the autonomous robotic fish merely guided by embedded vision. The experimental results indicate the feasibility and reliability of the proposed methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Active vision,Biomimetic robotic fish,Stability control,Tracking control
Integration of modified inverse observation model and multiple hypothesis tracking for detecting and tracking humans	2016	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2015 IEEE.This paper presents a complete perception system of moving point detection and target tracking for robustly following target humans in an unknown indoor dynamic environment. To detect moving points under grid-based formulation, a modified inverse observation model is proposed to overcome several frequently happened detection limitations. Next, related human-extraction techniques are proposed to filter out less possible clusters for detecting potential human target from these moving points. Finally, the multiple hypothesis tracking algorithm is implemented to deal with the data association problem for enhancing the reliability and robustness of the human tracking when measurements are noisy. Different levels of experiments have been performed to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm framework.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Moving point detection,Multiple hypothesis tracking,Occupancy grid map,Target detection and tracking
A value equivalence approach for solving interactive dynamic influence diagrams	2016	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS	Copyright  2016, International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (www.ifaamas.org). All rights reserved.Interactive dynamic influence diagrams (I-DIDs) are recognized graphical models for sequential multiagent decision making under uncertainty. They represent the problem of how a subject agent acts in a common setting shared with other agents who may act in sophisticated ways. The difficulty in solving I-DIDs is mainly due to an exponentially growing space of candidate models ascribed to other agents over time. in order to minimize the model space, the previous I-DID techniques prune behaviorally equivalent models. In this paper, we challenge the minimal set of models and propose a value equivalence approach to further compress the model space. The new method reduces the space by additionally pruning behaviorally distinct models that result in the same expected value of the subject agent's optimal policy. To achieve this, we propose to learn the value from available data particularly in practical applications of real-time strategy games. We demonstrate the performance of the new technique in two problem domains.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	3	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Decision making,Influence diagrams,Multiple agents
Agent-based support for container terminals to make appointments with barges	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.We consider, container terminal that has to make appointments with barges dynamically with only limited knowledge about future arriving barges, and in the view of uncertainty and disturbances. We study this problem using, case study at the Port of Rotterdam, considering, proposed multi-agent system for aligning barge rotations and terminal quay schedules. We take the perspective of, single terminal participating in this system and focus on the decision making capabilities of its intelligent agent. Using simulation, with input settings based on characteristics of the larger terminals within the Port of Rotterdam, we analyze the benefits of our approach. We conclude that, terminal can increase its utilization significantly by using various sources of flexibility in the operational planning.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Dynamic assignment,Multi-agent system,Quay scheduling,Simulation,Terminal planning
Minimising average passenger waiting time in personal rapid transit systems	2016	Annals of Operations Research	2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.Personal Rapid Transit (PRT) is an emerging urban transport mode. A PRT system operates much like a conventional hackney taxi system, except that the vehicles are driven by computer (no human driver) between stations in a dedicated network of guideways. The world’s first two PRT systems began operating in 2010 and 2011. In both PRT and taxi systems, passengers request immediate service; they do not book ahead. Perfect information about future requests is therefore not available, but statistical information about future requests is available from historical data. If the system does not use this statistical information to position empty vehicles in anticipation of future requests, long passenger waiting times result, which makes the system less attractive to passengers, but using it gives rise to a difficult stochastic optimisation problem. This paper develops three lower bounds on achievable mean passenger waiting time, one based on queuing theory, one based on the static problem, in which it is assumed that perfect information is available, and one based on a Markov Decision Process model. An evaluation of these lower bounds, together with a practical heuristic developed previously, in simulation shows that these lower bounds can often be nearly attained, particularly when the fleet size is large. The results also show that low waiting times and high utilisation can be simultaneously obtained when the fleet size is large, which suggests important economies of scale.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	15	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Empty vehicle redistribution,Markov decision process,Personal rapid transit,Queuing model,Taxi,Waiting time
Design patterns for human-cognitive agent teaming	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.The aim of this article is to provide a common, easy to use nomenclature to describe highly automated human-machine systems in the realm of vehicle guidance and foster the identification of established design patterns for human-autonomy teaming. With this effort, we intend to facilitate the discussion and exchange of approaches to the integration of humans with cognitive agents amongst researchers and system designers. By use of this nomenclature, we identify most important top-level design patterns, such as delegation and associate systems, as well as hybrid structures of humans working with cognitive agents.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	27	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Assistant system,Autonomous system,Cognitive agent,Cooperative control,Delegation,Design patterns,Supervisory control,Systems engineering,Teaming,Unmanned vehicles,Vehicle guidance,Work system
Proposal of wide-area sensing in wireless charging system via magnetic resonance coupling	2016	IEEJ Transactions on Industry Applications	2016 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.Recently, wireless charging via magnetic resonance coupling has gained attention because it has the potential of efficient midrange wireless charging. Here, functions such as sensing at the transmitter and wireless communication from the target are the essential elements to realize a standard wireless charging system. Currently, the sensing and communication protocol of the hardware (i.e., the high-frequency power source and antenna configuration) compatible with wireless charging is gaining attention in terms of its cost and space reduction due to the use of common components for multiple functions. However, this protocol has the problem of narrow effective areas due to the fact that the sensing range depends on the fixed Q factor of the antenna. To overcome this problem, the concept of wide-area sensing based on a Q controllable antenna is proposed, and the effectiveness is verified through a theoretical analysis and an experiment. As a result, it is clarified that the effective area can be expanded up to a ratio of the distance g between the transmitting and receiving antennas to the inner diameter d of the antenna g/d = 5.0.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Coupling coefficient,Distance sensor,Magnetic resonance coupling,Q controllable antenna,Sensing,Wide-area
Wireless hybrid visual servoing of omnidirectional wheeled mobile robots	2016	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2015 Elsevier B.V.In this paper, we propose a new wireless hybrid control algorithm for visual servoing of mobile robots. In particular, the hybrid system is developed using the two autonomous control algorithms, i.e., position-based visual servoing (PBVS) and image-based visual servoing (IBVS). The PBVS algorithm is used for global routing, whereas the IBVS algorithm is used for the fine navigation. It helps in the specific steering towards the desired point for approaching the searched object. The proposed algorithm requires only the desired and actual poses of the mobile robot, and does not need any additional requirements such as the map of the environment or artificial landmarks. For the linearization of output signals, neural network extended Kalman filter is used. Several experimental as well as simulation results are presented in order to show the applicability of the proposed algorithm in the hybrid vision based control of mobile robots.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Camera field-of-view,Epipolar geometry,Neural network extended Kalman filter,Omnidirectional mobile robot,Visual SLAM
Formal techniques for a data-driven certification of advanced railway signalling systems	2016	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG 2016.The technological evolution of railway signalling equipment promises significant increases in transport capacity, in operation regularity, in quality and safety of the service offered. This evolution is based on the massive use of computer control units on board trains and on the ground, that aims at improving the performance of rail transport and maintaining high safety figures. A brief review of possible innovation trends of signalling systems shows that they will be more and more based on the exchange of accurate and secure complex information, in order to ensure safe operation. For this reason we want to advocate the adoption of a novel, datadriven safety certification approach, based on formal verification techniques, focusing on the desired attributes of the exchanged information. A discussion on this issue is presented, based on some initial observations of the needed concepts.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Simulation-Based Optimization for Yard Design at Mega Container Terminal under Uncertainty	2016	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2016 Yong Zhou et al.The conventional approach of designing a container yard should be reexamined in the context of sustainable port development. Considering the uncertain future throughput, a simulation-based optimization framework is proposed to obtain a cost-effective and reliable design solution to the physical layout and equipment deployment strategy of the yard at a mega container terminal. In this framework, a two-stage stochastic programming model is presented aided with a simulation procedure of terminal operations. Finally, an application is given and the results show that the proposed integrated decision framework is effective and helpful for optimizing container yard design in the context of sustainable development of container terminals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Experimental and analytical investigation based on 1/2 scale model for a cleanroom unit module consisting of steel section and reinforced concrete	2016	Advances in Materials Science and Engineering	2016 Sijun Kim and Se Woon Choi.The rapid advances in high tech industries and the increased demand for high precision and reliability of their production environments call for larger structures and higher vertical vibration performance for high technology facilities. Therefore, there is an urgent demand for structural design and vertical vibration evaluation technologies for high tech facility structures. For estimating the microvibration performance for a cleanroom unit module in high technology facilities, this study performs the scale modeling experiment and analytical validation. First, the 1/2 scale model (width 7500 mm, depth 7500 mm, and height 7250 mm) for a cleanroom unit module is manufactured based on a mass-based similitude law which does not require additional mass. The dynamic test using an impact hammer is conducted to obtain the transfer function of 1/2 scale model. The transfer function derived from the test is compared with the analytical results to calibrate the analytical model. It is found that, unlike for static analyses, the stiffness of embedded reinforcement must be considered for estimating microvibration responses. Finally, the similitude law used in this study is validated by comparing the full-scale analytical model and 1/2 scale analytical model for a cleanroom unit module.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
A multi-agent framework for cost estimation of product design	2016	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2016.This paper presents the use of a multi-agent framework for evaluating parameters of new products and estimating cost of product design. Companies often develop many new product projects simultaneously. A limited budget of research and development imposes selection of the most promising projects. The evaluation of new product projects requires cost estimation and involves many agents that analyse the customer requirements and information acquired from an enterprise system, including the fields of sales and marketing, research and development, and manufacturing. The model of estimating product design cost is formulated in terms of a constraint satisfaction problem. The illustrative example presents the use of a fuzzy neural network to identify the relationships and estimate cost of product design.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	1	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Constraint programming,Decision support system,Fuzzy neural network,Multi-agent system,New product development
Aerial vehicle guidance based on passive machine learning technique	2016	International Journal of Intelligent Computing and Cybernetics	2016,  Emerald Group Publishing Limited.Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to develop a new guidance scheme for aerial vehicles based on artificial intelligence. The new guidance scheme must be able to intercept maneuvering targets with higher probability and precision compared to existing algorithms. Design/methodology/approach: A simulation setup of the aerial vehicle guidance problem is developed. A model-based machine learning technique known as Q-learning is used to develop a new guidance scheme. Several simulation experiments are conducted to train the new guidance scheme. Orthogonal arrays are used to define the training experiments to achieve faster convergence. A well-known guidance scheme known as proportional navigation guidance (PNG) is used as a base model for training. The new guidance scheme is compared for performance against standard guidance schemes like PNG and augmented proportional navigation guidance schemes in presence of sensor noise and computational delays. Findings: A new guidance scheme for aerial vehicles is developed using Q-learning technique. This new guidance scheme has better miss distances and probability of intercept compared to standard guidance schemes. Research limitations/implications: The research uses simulation models to develop the new guidance scheme. The new guidance scheme is also evaluated in the simulation environment. The new guidance scheme performs better than standard existing guidance schemes. Practical implications: The new guidance scheme can be used in various aerial guidance applications to reach a dynamically moving target in three-dimensional space. Originality/value: The research paper proposes a completely new guidance scheme based on Q-learning whose performance is better than standard guidance schemes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Computer Science (all)	Artificial intelligence,Machine learning,Monte Carlo simulation,Optimal guidance scheme,Orthogonal arrays,Proportional navigation guidance
A New Robust Method for Mobile Robot Multifloor Navigation in Distributed Life Science Laboratories	2016	Journal of Control Science and Engineering	2016 Ali A. Abdulla et al.A new robust method is proposed for multifloor navigation in distributed Life Science Laboratories. This method proposes a solution for many technical issues including (a) mapping and localization with ceiling landmarks and a StarGazer module for achieving an accurate and low cost multifloor navigation system, (b) a new method for path planning to navigate across multiple floor environments called backbone method and embedded transportation management system, (c) elevator environment handler with the necessary procedures to interact with the elevator presenting a new approach for elevator entry button and internal buttons detection, and (d) communication system to get an expandable network; this method utilizes a TCP/IP network for the communication. Many experiments in real Life Science Laboratories proved the efficient performance of the developed multifloor navigation system in life science environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	14	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Design of Sail-Assisted Unmanned Surface Vehicle Intelligent Control System	2016	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2016 Yong Ma et al.To achieve the wind sail-assisted function of the unmanned surface vehicle (USV), this work focuses on the design problems of the sail-assisted USV intelligent control systems (SUICS) and illustrates the implementation process of the SUICS. The SUICS consists of the communication system, the sensor system, the PC platform, and the lower machine platform. To make full use of the wind energy, in the SUICS, we propose the sail angle of attack automatic adjustment (Sail-4A) algorithm and present the realization flow for each subsystem of the SUICS. By using the test boat, the design and implementation of the SUICS are fulfilled systematically. Experiments verify the performance and effectiveness of our SUICS. The SUICS enhances the intelligent utility of sustainable wind energy for the sail-assisted USV significantly and plays a vital role in shipping energy-saving emission reduction requirements issued by International Maritime Organization (IMO).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Integrating the sequence dependent setup time open shop problem and preventive maintenance policies	2016	Decision Science Letters	2016 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved.In most industrial environments, it is usually considered that machines are accessible throughout the planning horizon, but in real situation, machines may be unavailable due to a scheduled preventive maintenance where the periods of unavailability are known in advance. The main idea of this paper is to consider different preventive maintenance policies on machines regarding open shop scheduling problem (OSSP) with sequence dependent setup times (SDST) using immune algorithm. The preventive maintenance (PM) policies are planned for maximizing availability of machines or keeping minimum level of reliability through the production horizon. The objective function of the paper is to minimize makespan. In total, the proposed algorithm extensively is compared with six adaptations of existing heuristic and meta-heuristic methods for the problem through data sets from benchmarks based on Taillard’s instances with some adjustments. The results show that the proposed algorithm outperforms other algorithms for this problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	5	Decision Sciences (all)	Immune algorithm,Meta heuristics,Open shop,Preventive maintenance,SDST
Identification and modelling of the various factors affecting the productivity of FMS	2016	International Journal of Productivity and Quality Management	Copyright 2016 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The last few years have witnessed unparalleled changes in the world market and the manufacturing companies have to adjust to these unforeseen changes in the market quickly to survive. So more and more companies are now opting for low volume, high variety flexible manufacturing system (FMS) instead of the conventional mass production. Though FMS provides a lot of strategic and tactical benefits, yet all of these may not be possible with all installations. A manufacturing manager should know what are the specific benefits he is expecting from the FMS installation and what is the time span within which these benefits start coming in. In the present paper, an attempt has been made to accomplish the task of enlisting the factors affecting the productivity of FMS installation and further an attempt has been made to model these different factors using the interpretive structural modelling (ISM). This model is further strengthened using MICMAC analysis by defining the driving power and dependencies of these factors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	11	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Flexible manufacturing systems,FMS,Interpretive structural modelling,ISM,MICMAC,Productivity
Application of Axiomatic Design in Manufacturing System Design: A Literature Review	2016	Procedia CIRP	2016 The Author(s).Axiomatic Design (AD) is applied not only in product development, but also in many other applications. Through the systematic approach and the consideration of Independence Axiom and information Axiom, even highly complex projects can be mastered reducing the complexity in the design task. In addition to product design, system design, software design and many other fields, Axiomatic Design is also used in the design of manufacturing systems. In form of a literature review, this paper studies the beginnings of AD in Manufacturing System Design and its development in the field of production. The data basis of this analysis are the works indexed in the Scopus about Manufacturing Systems with the keyword Axiomatic Design. In a first step, the paper examines, when the application of AD in Manufacturing System Design has begun and investigates the number and type of publications dealing with this methodology in Manufacturing. In a second step, the paper explores for which specific topics AD has been applied over the years, and which are current and future tasks for AD in Manufacturing System Design.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Axiomatic Design,Design Theory,Literature Review,Manufacturing Systems
Deadlock Control for a Class of Generalized Petri Nets Based on Proper Resource Allocation	2016	Asian Journal of Control	2014 Chinese Automatic Control Society and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.This article develops a deadlock prevention policy for a class of generalized Petri nets, namely G-systems, which can model flexible manufacturing systems with machining, assembly, and disassembly operations. In this research, a polynomial complexity control policy for non-blocking supervisors is established by properly adjusting resource allocation. First, a set of linear inequality constraints is derived with respect to different resource requirements such that the allocation of the system resources to various requesting processes can be appropriately restricted, that is, the resulting system has no deadlock state by imposing monitors on operation places. Moreover, an algorithm is proposed to identify the redundant constraints such that structurally simple liveness-enforcing net supervisors can be obtained. Compared with existing polices, the proposed method can usually lead to a suboptimal supervisor with high computational efficiency. Finally, a flexible manufacturing system example is utilized to demonstrate the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Control and Systems Engineering	-system,deadlock prevention,Petri net,resource allocation
Survey of research for performance measurement of mobile manipulators	2016	Journal of Research of the National Institute of Standards and Technology	This survey provides the basis for developing research in the area of mobile manipulator performance measurement, an area that has relatively few research articles when compared to other mobile manipulator research areas. The survey provides a literature review of mobile manipulator research with examples of experimental applications. The survey also provides an extensive list of planning and control references as this has been the major research focus for mobile manipulators which factors into performance measurement of the system. The survey then reviews performance metrics considered for mobile robots, robot arms, and mobile manipulators and the systems that measure their performance, including machine tool measurement systems through dynamic motion tracking systems. Lastly, the survey includes a section on research that has occurred for performance measurement of robots, mobile robots, and mobile manipulators beginning with calibration, standards, and mobile manipulator artifacts that are being considered for evaluation of mobile manipulator performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	17	Engineering (all)	Mobile manipulator,Performance measurement,Standard,Survey,Test method
Container port production and management	2016	Container Port Production and Management	Science Press and Springer Science+Business Media Singapore 2017.This book helps to solve the problem of substantial waste and inefficiency in port production by analyzing operational efficiency at more than 30 Chinese and Korean leading container ports using three types of DEA model. In addition it offers a returns-to-scale analysis, which is particularly useful for port managers or policy makers deciding on the scale of production. The results provide port managers and relevant scholars with insights into resource allocation and operating performance optimization. This book was supported by the National Science and Technology Academic Publications Fund of China in 2015.	Book	b	bk	Book	China	4	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
Modeling and analysis of FMS performance variables by ISM, SEM and GTMA approach	2016	International Journal of Production Economics	2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.The purpose of this paper is to analyze the performance variables of flexible manufacturing system (FMS). This study was performed by different approaches viz. interpretive structural modelling (ISM); Structural equation modelling (SEM); Graph Theory and Matrix Approach (GTMA) and a cross-sectional survey within manufacturing firms in India. ISM has been used to develop a hierarchical structure of performance variables, and to find the driving and the dependence power of the variables. Exploratory factor analysis (EFA) and confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) are powerful statistical techniques. By performing EFA, factor structure is placed. Whereas CFA verified the factor structure of a set of observed variables. CFA is carried by SEM statistical technique. EFA is applied to extract the factors in FMS by The Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS 20) software and confirming these factors by CFA through Analysis of Moment Structures (AMOS 20) software. The fifteen performance variables are identified through literature, and three factors extracted, which involves the performance of FMS. The three factors are Quality, Productivity and Flexibility. SEM using AMOS 20 was used to perform the first order three factor structure. GTMA is a Multiple Attribute Decision Making (MADM) Methodology used to find intensity/quantification of performance variables in an organization. The FMS Performance Index has purposed to intensify the factors which affect FMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	50	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	EFA,FMS,GTMA,ISM,SEM
