A complete solution for AGV SLAM integrated with navigation in modern warehouse environment	2017	Proceedings - 2017 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2017	2017 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is a common handling equipment in modern logistics. The application of traditional AGV in warehouse requires designated infrastructure with readily available map which demands large amount of investment and warehouse conversion. Researches in AGV localization and mapping in SLAM overcome these disadvantages, however, are usually separated from navigation. The main purpose of this paper is to provide a complete solution including localization, mapping and navigation for AGV working in modern warehouse. EKF-SLAM (SLAM based on extended Kalman filter) is proposed for mapping and localization and pure pursuit algorithm is presented for navigation. Consequently, AGV is able to localize itself automatically and trace the path accurately in the whole handling process even in a dynamic and unstructured environment. Besides, it improves the working efficiency, system flexibility and reduces constructing cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	AGV,EKF,Navigation,Pure Pursuit Algorithm,SLAM
Research of multi-AGV scheduling system based on a new mixed regional control model	2017	Proceedings - 2017 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2017	2017 IEEE.In order to reduce the inherent defects and complexity of the multi-AGV system, a new guide-path configuration of mixed regional control module and its path scheduling is investigated. By a scheme of the shortest waiting time for the task, the efficiency of the system running time is achieved in the multi-AGV system. By a distributed coordination control approach, the conflicts and deadlocks between AGVs are solved online. The simulation results show the effectiveness and feasibility of this method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Research on visual navigation algorithm of AGV used in the small agile warehouse	2017	Proceedings - 2017 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2017	2017 IEEE.With the development of logistics industry, the logistics automated warehouse is ahead in the race toward the direction of multi-user, multi-variety and flexibility automated warehouse. Traditional AGVs (automatic guided vehicle) are difficult to meet the new demands of logistics warehouse. This paper presents a method to extract the deviation of AGV's navigation path based on threshold segmentation of chromatic aberration according to the actual needs. The paper realized high precision path tracking of robot by the path tracking controller adopting the idea of beforehand closed loop control. Finally, the logistics warehouse environment was simulated, and the navigation performance of the designed AGV was fully tested. The experimental results show that the visual navigation AGV features of flexible navigation, high precision and smooth operation and can satisfy the demand of flexible storage.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	AGV,flexible storage,visual navigation
Comprehensive evaluation of autonomous navigation based on multi model	2017	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2017 Association for Computing Machinery.In order to analyze the effects of self-driving cars on traffic, this establish shortest path problem model and fuzzy comprehensive evaluation model. To investigate the traffic on road network, this construct a dynamic shortest path model. Based on the map of Seattle, USA, this choose route5, 405, 90 520 and the fork roads nearby to be the peak numbers and construct an adjacent matrix. Then the average time taken on straight roads and fork roads is simulated. By adding together, an adjacent matrix regarding time could be obtained. Then this figure out the shortest driving time and path between any two positions. To attain an evaluation scheme, a fuzzy comprehensive evaluation model is established where the traffic capacity, convenience and safety are its indexes. Then this could complement a comprehensive evaluation to the percentage of self-driving cars by using analytical hierarchy process to determine index weight.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Adjacent matrix,Analytical hierarchy process,Fuzzy comprehensive evaluation model
Optimization for routing yard trailers in container terminals by considering fuel cost	2017	Harbin Gongcheng Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Harbin Engineering University	2017, Editorial Department of Journal of HEU. All right reserved.Aiming at the situation that current study focus on achieving the shortest distance or time, this paper studies the optimization of routing yard trailers in container terminals from aspects of fuel cost and operation time. Thus, this paper studied the problem of optimizing routing trailers by considering fuel cost in two steps. In the first step, a new model for optimizing the routing of trailers that aims at minimizing total cost while including fuel cost was proposed; preliminary route planning was achieved through this model. Further, based on this model, another model for routing tasks allocation in the second step was proposed for minimizing transportation time. A particle-swarm-optimization method was then utilized to solve this model; compared to the traditional models that focus on finding the shortest distance, the new model incurs a lower cost.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Chemical Engineering (all),Nuclear Energy and Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Container terminals,Fuel cost,Particle-swarm optimization,Routing optimization,Two-steps,Work time,Yard trailers
Task level hierarchical system for BCI-enabled shared autonomy	2017	IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots	2017 IEEE.This paper describes a novel hierarchical system for shared control of a humanoid robot. Our framework uses a low-bandwidth Brain Computer Interface (BCI) to interpret electroencephalography (EEG) signals via Steady-State Visual Evoked Potentials (SSVEP). This BCI allows a user to reliably interact with the humanoid. Our system clearly delineates between autonomous robot operation and human-guided intervention and control. Our shared-control system leverages the ability of the robot to accomplish low level tasks on its own, while the user assists the robot with high level directions when needed. This partnership prevents fatigue of the human controller by not requiring continuous BCI control to accomplish tasks which can be automated. We have tested the system in simulation and in real physical settings with multiple subjects using a Fetch mobile manipulator. Working together, the robot and human controller were able to accomplish tasks such as navigation, pick and place, and table clean up.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Human-Computer Interaction,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Design of a contactless power supply system with dual output capability for AGV applications	2017	2017 IEEE 6th Global Conference on Consumer Electronics, GCCE 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper proposes a contactless power supply system for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) with a topology of two receiving coils. The study features balanced dual output capability for charging motors of the front and the back wheel of AGVs simultaneously, and they can be charged while moving along the rail. The equivalent resonance circuit configuration is established and characteristics of mutual inductances are analyzed as well in order to determine the system parameters with a higher efficiency. The output voltages can be easily adjusted based on the resonance analysis of the proposed system, where the coupling effect as well as output voltages are stabilized during moving operations. Experimental results reveal that the voltages at dual outputs are suitable for charging motor batteries, confirming the practicality of the proposed method for the application that is considered.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	3	Media Technology,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicles,Contactless power system,dual output,equivalent resonance circuit
Experimental validation of a car-like automated guided vehicle with trajectory tracking, obstacle avoidance, and target approach	2017	Proceedings IECON 2017 - 43rd Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society	2017 IEEE.The proposed hierarchical sliding mode control (HSMC) for the car-like automated guided vehicle (CLAGV) includes two parts: one is virtual control input (VCI), the other is sliding mode tracking control (SMTC) [1]. Moreover, a single software/hardware based platform develops the software for the control, image processing and trajectory planning algorithms, and the hardware for the control signal (e.g., the PWM for driving the motor) and for the sensor inputs (e.g., the decoder for obtaining the position or velocity of motor, the USB interface for capturing the image). The RGB-D vision system can detect the obstacle(s) through the depth image and recognize the specific object through the SURF (Speed-Up Robust Feature) method. The estimated distance with respect to the vehicle can execute the task of obstacle avoidance (OA) and target approach (TA). Finally, the experiments of the straight-line and circular trajectory tracking with the simultaneous OA and TA of the vehicle confirm the effectiveness, efficiency, and robustness of the proposed system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle,Hierarchical sliding mode control,Obstacle avoidance,Software/hardware based platform,Target approach
A model recognition approach for solving interactive dynamic influence diagrams	2017	Proceedings IECON 2017 - 43rd Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society	2017 IEEE.The interactive dynamic influence diagrams provides a way to model and solve multi-agent decision-making problems from the perspective of the subject agent. The subject agent usually optimizes its own decisions by predicting the behavior of other agents. The exponential increase in the model of other agents over time bring great difficulties to the decision. In this paper, we propose a learning algorithm based on dynamic Bayesian network, and utilize standard Bayesian learning to update the likelihood of each candidate model given the observation histories. By excluding unrelated or weakly related models, the model space is fundamentally compressed. The experimental results show the advantages of the algorithm: on the one hand, the method successfully determines the real model of other agents to predict their behavior; on the other hand, compared with other methods, the method gets a higher return.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Bayesian network,Decision making,Influence diagrams,Multi-agent system
Neural-network-based mobile RFID localization system	2017	Proceedings IECON 2017 - 43rd Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society	2017 IEEE.First, the received signal strength indications (RSSIs) of the three tags on a triangular apparatus surrounding a target human (TH) are read by two perpendicular antennas with one reader. These 6 RSSIs and their corresponding pose and the azimuth angle of the TH with respect to the autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) or antenna are attained. Since the relations of these pairs of input and output are nonlinear, coupled, and stochastic, it is difficult to obtain an effective model. A 1st-order low-pass filter with unit dc gain and suitable cut-off frequency is applied to remove the unnecessary high frequencies of 6 RSSIs. Due to the advantageous features of neural network modeling, e.g., stochastic approximation, insensitive to noise, different numbers of input and output, the multilayer neural network (MLNN) with Levenberg-Marquard Back-Propagation (LMBP) learning law is applied to obtain the model between six filtered RSSIs and three outputs (i.e., the pose and the azimuth angle of the TH). Then the static and dynamic estimations of the TH w.r.t. the AGV are first investigated. To confirm the robustness of the proposed MLNN-based mobile RFID localization system, another human walks through a specific zone between the TH and the AGV with different velocities are also addressed. Then the path to track the TH is on-line planned and predicted from the output of MLNN.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous guided vehicle,Mobile RFID system,Multilayer neural network,On-line path planning
Automated Guided Vehicle for Phsically Handicapped People - A Cost Effective Approach	2017	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Automated Guided vehicle (AGV) is like a robot that can deliver the materials from the supply area to the technician automatically. This is faster and more efficient. The robot can be accessed wirelessly. A technician can directly control the robot to deliver the components rather than control it via a human operator (over phone, computer etc. who has to program the robot or ask a delivery person to make the delivery). The vehicle is automatically guided through its ways. To avoid collisions a proximity sensor is attached to the system. The sensor senses the signals of the obstacles and can stop the vehicle in the presence of obstacles. Thus vehicle can avoid accidents that can be very useful to the present industrial trend and material handling and equipment handling will be automated and easy time saving methodology.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Speed control system design using fuzzy-pid for load variation of automated guided vehicle (agv)	2017	Proceedings of 2017 2nd International Conference on Frontiers of Sensors Technologies, ICFST 2017	2017 IEEE.The stability of the movement of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) directly affects the safety of the delivered goods. Variation of loads during the delivery process is one of causes of the instability movement of an AGV. This research discusses the design and implementation of the AGV's speed control system to tackle the load and contour variation using Fuzzy Inference System integrated with PID method. The input of the system comes from speed and tilt sensors near the AGV's wheels. This information is then processed by Fuzzy Inference System whose output are data about the AGV's speed and the parameter values for the proportional, integral, and derivative (PID) controller. In the experiment we operated the AGV in a real industrial condition with variation of loads. The result shows that the AGV can automatically move in a nearly constant speed of 10 meter per minute regardless of the AGV's load.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Instrumentation	Automated guided vehicle,Fuzzy inference system,Load variation stability,Pid
A system control strategy of a conflict-free multi-AGV routing based on improved A∗ algorithm	2017	2017 24th International Conference on Mechatronics and Machine Vision in Practice, M2VIP 2017	2017 IEEE.An Improved A∗ algorithm based on time window is proposed to solve conflict-free path planning problem for the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) in flexible manufacturing systems. Based on the planned AGV paths, conflict-free routing was received by utilizing the improved A∗ algorithm in the next AGV routing. The algorithm of improving evaluation function to introduce the turning factors not only avoids conflicts between vehicles, but also makes the path smoother. The dynamic adjustment range of the strategy in the light of AGV performance is suggested to reduce the accumulative error caused by time windows, which can increase robustness and flexibility of the system. The proposed strategy was verified to be effective by experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	5	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization	Accumulative Error,AGV,A∗ algorithm,Path Planning,Time Window
Robot control design using virtual path from android smartphone	2017	Proceedings of 2017 2nd International Conference on Frontiers of Sensors Technologies, ICFST 2017	2017 IEEE.Progress robot development very varied almost all fields seize the attention of the world's scientists and researchers. For some cases, robots are generally used to help humans in relieving job. The robot can replace human mobilization for move so that the efficiency of wasted time will be less. Many things need to be note what kind of robot control reliable to replace human work in mobilization. Virtual world as in android smartphone greatly benefit humans to creating control tools easy to use anywhere and could represent a desire humans. By making control robot using virtual paths on the Android smartphone which have an accuracy of more than 70% to a scale of 1:50 with the actual track in an environment that is not wide enough, the advantage can be used to control the robot move easily and efficiently compared to the usual manual control robot that will take more time to control The robot moves its place as desired.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Instrumentation	Android smartphone,Mobilization,Robot,Virtual paths
Optimized simultaneous conflict-free task assignment and path planning for multi-AGV systems	2017	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2017 IEEE.In this paper we address the problem of assigning a set of tasks to a set of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), in a conflict-free manner. Specifically, we consider a system of multiple AGVs, moving along a predefined roadmap, and utilized for transportation of goods in automated warehouses. Sequential application of task assignment and path planning often gives rise to pathological situations, such as deadlocks, in which AGVs block each other, thus preventing tasks completion. In this paper we propose a method for assigning tasks while taking into account the subsequent path planning, encoding possible conflicts into a conflict graph, that is subsequently utilized for defining constraints of an optimization problem. Simulations are performed on maps of real industrial environments, to compare the proposed method with traditional task assignment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Incorporating ego-motion uncertainty estimates in range data registration	2017	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2017 IEEE.Local scan registration approaches commonly only utilize ego-motion estimates (e.g. odometry) as an initial pose guess in an iterative alignment procedure. This paper describes a new method to incorporate ego-motion estimates, including uncertainty, into the objective function of a registration algorithm. The proposed approach is particularly suited for feature-poor and self-similar environments, which typically present challenges to current state of the art registration algorithms. Experimental evaluation shows significant improvements in accuracy when using data acquired by Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in industrial production and warehouse environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
A novel approach to the enhancement of lane estimator by using Kalman filter	2017	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	2017 Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems - ICROS.Recently vision sensor based lane detection technology is being magnified as automated driving service get into the acceleration step. However, lane detection is not used lateral risk assessment or lateral control alone but also used front target vehicle selection for the longitudinal control system. Ego lane detected from vision sensor is a good assumption as an ego vehicle's driving path and would be useful to front target vehicle decision. In this sense, the importance of curvature and curvature-rate which have been relatively devaluated then lateral offset and heading angle is getting higher. In this study, a novel approach of lane estimator for more robust curvature information is proposed with Kalman filter. The lane estimator is designed with clothoid road model and an assumption based on lane width. To verify the performance of proposed lane estimator, real-car test in the public road is carried out. The test result shows that robustness of the proposed lane estimator even in failure situation of front camera. Furthermore, the result also showed that accuracy and usefulness of lane estimation based target selection. Through the test result analysis, filtered only two coefficients which related clothoid curvature parameters could make lane information more accurately.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Front target selection,Kalman filter,Lane estimator,Lane tracking
Robust LiDAR-based localization in architectural floor plans	2017	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2017 IEEE.Modern automation demands mobile robots to be robustly localized in complex scenarios. Current localization systems typically use maps that require to be built and interpreted by experienced operators, increasing deployment costs as well as reducing the adaptability of robots to rearrangements in the environment. In contrast, architectural floor plans can be easily understood by non-expert users and typically represent only the non-rearrangeable parts of buildings. In this paper we propose a system for robot localization in architectural CAD drawings. Our method employs a simultaneous localization and mapping approach to online augment the floor plan with a map represented as a pose-graph with LiDAR measurements. Whenever the environment is accurately mapped in the vicinity of the robot, we use the graph to perform relative localization. We thoroughly evaluate our system in challenging real-world scenarios. Experiments demonstrate that our method is able to robustly track the robot pose even when the floor plan shows major discrepancies from the real-world. We show that our system achieves sub-centimeter accuracy and is suitable for real-time application.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Self-initialization and recovery for uninterrupted tracking in vision-guided micromanipulation	2017	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2017 IEEE.In this paper, we propose a workflow algorithm for timely tracking of the tool tip during cell manipulation using a template-based approach augmented with low level feature detection. Doing so addresses the problem of adverse influences on template-based tracking during tool-cell interaction while maintaining an efficient track-servo framework. This consideration is important in developing autonomous robotic vision-guided micromanipulators. Our method facilitates vision-guided micromanipulation autonomously without manual interventions even during tool-cell interaction. This is done by decomposing the process to four scenarios that operate on their respective mode. The self-initializing mode is first used to localize and focus a region of interest (ROI) which the tip lies in. Once in focus, the tip is manipulated using a unified visual track-servo template-based approach. A reinitialization mechanism will be triggered to prevent tracking from being interrupted by partial cell occlusion of the tracking ROI. This mechanism uses the self-initializing concept combining motion cue and low-level feature detection to localize the needle tip. Following the reinitialization, we further recover tracking of the needle tip using a mechanism that updates the base template. This adaptive approach ensures uninterrupted tracking even when the cell is interacting with the tool and under deformation. Results demonstrated that with the newly incorporated mechanisms, the localized position improved from an error of more than 50% to less than 10% of the specimen size. When there is no specimen in the scene the new workflow shows no adverse effect on the localization through 270 tracked frames. By incorporating reinitialization and recovery to this workflow algorithm, we hope to initiate the first step towards uncalibrated autonomous vision-guided micromanipulation process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Human Expertise in Mobile Robot Navigation	2017	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Numerous applications, such as material handling, manufacturing, security, and automated transportation systems, use mobile robots. Autonomous navigation remains one of the primary challenges of the mobile robot industry; many new control algorithms have been recently developed that aim to overcome this challenge. These algorithms are primarily related by their adoption of new strategies for avoiding obstacles and minimizing the travel time to a target along an optimal path. In this paper, we introduce four different navigation systems for an autonomous mobile robot (PowerBot) and compare them. The four systems are based on a fuzzy logic controller (FLC). The FLC of one system is tuned by an inexperienced human (naive), while the three other FLCs are optimized through a genetic algorithm (GA), particle swarm optimization (PSO), and a human expert. We hope the comparison answers the question of which is the best controller. In other words, 'who can win?,' the naive, the GA, the PSO, or the expert, in fine tuning the membership functions of the navigation and obstacle avoidance behavior of the mobile robot? To answer this question, we used four different techniques for optimization (the naive FLC, GA, PSO, and FLC-expert) and used many criteria for comparison, whereas other research papers have dealt with two techniques at a time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Saudi Arabia	10	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	avoid obstacles,fuzzy logic control,genetic algorithm,Mobile robot,partial swarm optimization,robot navigation
Single and multi-row layout design for flexible manufacturing systems	2017	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In this paper, machines are allocated in horizontal rows along sides of an automated guided vehicle path so that the total cost of material transportation between machines is optimised. The problems of locating machines in single, double and multi-row layouts are addressed. Different layout arrangements as well as random permutations of machines are obtained using a simple construction algorithm, then the search for optimal solution and the best machine arrangements is obtained by implementing both Ant Colony and Simulated Annealing algorithms. Computational test examples show that the proposed method provides the best-known solutions for the single-row and double-row layout problems. Furthermore, experimental results demonstrate that both algorithms provide identical solutions for the single and multi-row layout problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Palestine	10	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	ant colony optimisation (ACO),flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs),machine layout,simulated annealing (SA) algorithm
Guided ant colony particle swarm optimization algorithm for path planning of AGVs	2017	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2017, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To resolve the conflict problem of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in route scheduling, a guided ant colony particle swarm optimization algorithm was proposed. Based on the calculation of AGVs' travel time, link conflicts and node conflicts were analyzed, and the routing scheduling model for AGVs was built. In the guided ant colony particle swarm optimization algorithm, AGVs were guided to avoid conflicts by adding a guidance factor to the state transition rule. The ant colony optimization was fused with particle swarm optimization to optimize route choice and wait time simultaneously. Simulation experiments with different scale were designed to evaluate the proposed method, and the results indicated that the proposed method could make AGVs avoid link and node conflicts efficiently and improve the security and efficiency of AGVs system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ant colony algorithm,Automated guided vehicle,Guidance factor,Particle swarm algorithm,Path planning
Pose alignment of aircraft structures with distance sensors and CCD cameras	2017	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2017 Elsevier LtdA precise transshipment system is developed for automatic transporting material between an automated guided vehicle (AGV) and a load transfer station. In order to implement the alignment of the fixture base on board the AGV with that of the station, it's necessary to measure the pose of the AGV with respect to the station. The pose measurement system combined four distance sensors with two CCD cameras, with the distance sensors to measure the yaw, pitch angle and longitudinal deviation, and the cameras to determine the roll angle and the position deviation in the reference plane. A 6-degree of freedom (DOF) pose alignment system based on 3-DOF positioners is used to correct the pose deviation of the current pose with respect to the goal pose, lowering the demand on locating precision of AGV on the ground. The method to calibrate the whole measurement system is elaborately stated. The transshipment experiments have been conducted and the results show that the pose alignment system integrated with the proposed multi-sensor pose measurement system can meet the accuracy and repeatability required in industrial application.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Automatic transshipment,Multi-sensor,Pose alignment
AGV Scheduling Optimization in Mixed Flexible Manufacturing Cell	2017	Tongji Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Tongji University	2017, Editorial Department of Journal of Tongji University. All right reserved.In multi-product mixed flexible manufacturing cell, the number of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and their routings will directly affect the cell's efficiency. Considering the constraints such as processing time, batch requirement and facility location, a mathematical model was built aimed at minimizing the handling time of AGVs. To co-optimize the number of AGVs and their schedulings under different distributions of manufacturing tasks, an improved Memetic algorithm was proposed with the adjustment of coding and search mechanism, which effectively avoids the problem that conventional crossovers easily result in illegal solutions and the optimized AGV routing is also obtained. At last, a case study is illustrated to prove the validity of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Multidisciplinary	AGV scheduling,Flexible manufacturing cell,Improved Memetic algorithm,Mixed production
Path planning for multi-AGV systems based on two-stage scheduling	2017	International Journal of Performability Engineering	2017 Totem Publisher, Inc. All rights reserved.This paper proposes an optimal path planning method for the multiple automated guided vehicle (AGV) system based on two-staged scheduling; at the offline scheduling stage, high degree of genetic algorithm is used for the optimal obstacle avoidance path planning of AGV under the static environment, which cannot only solve the premature convergence of genetic algorithm, but also the obstacle avoidance of AGV path planning. Online scheduling stage mainly refers to test the node conflict, opposite conflict and pursuit conflict between AGV and these conflicts are solved to achieve online collision avoidance scheduling for AGV. Finally, the paper uses the secondary developed openTCS for algorithm simulation. The processing methods when all kinds of conflicts occur are simulated in the multi-AGV systems, and the results show that the method is effective and reliable for the path planning of multi-AGV systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	AGV,Collision avoidance,Path planning,Two-stage scheduling
An adaptive SVM-based real-time scheduling mechanism and simulation for multiple-load carriers in automobile assembly lines	2017	International Journal of Modeling, Simulation, and Scientific Computing	2017 World Scientific Publishing Company.Multiple-load carriers are widely introduced for material delivery in manufacturing systems. The real-time scheduling of multiple-load carriers is so complex that it deserves attention to pursue higher productivity and better system performance. In this paper, a support vector machine (SVM)-based real-time scheduling mechanism was proposed to tackle the scheduling problem of parts replenishment with multiple-load carriers in automobile assembly plants under dynamic environment. The SVM-based scheduling mechanism was trained first and then used to make the optimal real-time decisions between "wait" and "deliver" on the basis of real-time system states. An objective function considering throughput and delivery distances was established to evaluate the system performance. Moreover, a simulation model in eM-Plant software was developed to validate and compare the proposed SVM-based scheduling mechanism with the classic minimum batch size (MBS) heuristic. It simulated both the steady and dynamic environments which are characterized by the uncertainty of demands or scheduling criteria. The simulation results demonstrated that the SVM-based scheduling mechanism could dynamically make optimal real-time decisions for multiple-load carriers and outperform the MBS heuristic as well.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	eM-Plant,material handling,Multiple-load carriers,real-time scheduling,simulation,SVM
A multi-agent based approach to dynamic scheduling with flexible processing capabilities	2017	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.A multi-agent based system is proposed to simultaneous scheduling of flexible machine groups and material handling system working under a manufacturing dynamic environment. The proposed model is designed by means of Prometheus TM methodology and programmed in JACK TM agent based systems development environment. Each agent in the model is autonomous and has an ability to cooperate and negotiate with the other agents in the system. Due to these abilities of agents, the structure of the system is more suitable to handle dynamic events. The proposed dynamic scheduling system is tested on several test problems the literature and the results are quite satisfactory because it generates effective schedules for both dynamic cases in the real time and static problem sets. Although the model is designed as an online method and has a dynamic structure, obtained schedule performance parameters are very close to those obtained from offline optimization based algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	23	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Dynamic scheduling,Machine flexibility,Material handling,Multi-agent systems
RGB-D Based Indoor Scene Real-Time 3D Reconstruction Algorithm	2017	Dongbei Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Northeastern University	2017, Editorial Department of Journal of Northeastern University. All right reserved.A novel RGB-D based feature point depth constraint and locality constraint integrated real-time indoor scene 3D reconstruction algorithm is proposed, which focusing to solve problems such as the inaccuracy of 3D point cloud matching, excessive time consuming and the loss of point depth. Firstly, the feature points are detected using Harris point detector, and then labeled with 64 dimensional vector using SURF descriptor. Secondly, the initial correct feature point pairs are selected between the successive frames with the depth information constraint and feature point locality constraint in addition to vector similarity constraint. Thirdly, the outliers are removed and the camera pose is estimated based on the random sample consensus(RANSAC) method. Eventually, 3D point clouds are determined using the general graph optimization (g2o) facilitating the indoor scene reconstruction. In the experiments, the RGB-D camera is fixed on the automatic guided vehicle to capture the indoor surrounding scenes. Experimental results validate that the proposed approach is feasible and effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	3D reconstruction,Feature point depth constraint,Feature point locality constraint,Instantaneity,RGB-D
Model Predictive Lateral Vehicle Guidance Using a Position Controlled EPS System	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2017On the way to automated driving it is necessary to develop suitable control structures which ensure an accurate and robust path tracking during different maneuvers and speeds. This paper presents a Model Predictive Controller (MPC) for lateral vehicle guidance which calculates an optimal manipulated variable sequence for an inner low level steering angle controller of an Electric Power Steering (EPS). On the basis of prior work, a linear controller design is used to control the front steer angle and the resulting steering control loop behaviour is explicitly considered in the prediction model of the outer MPC. The MPC uses a speed-dependent adaptation of the prediction model and the cost function weights to ensure a stable and precise path tracking performance. The MPC real-time capability will be assessed and the performance of the proposed controllers evaluated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous vehicles,electric power steering,linear time-varying MPC,path tracking,steering analysis,steering angle control
Prototypic implementation and evaluation of an artificial DNA for self-descripting and self-building embedded systems	2017	Eurasip Journal on Embedded Systems	2017, The Author(s).Embedded systems are growing more and more complex because of the increasing chip integration density, larger number of chips in distributed applications, and demanding application fields (e.g., in cars and in households). Bio-inspired techniques like self-organization are a key feature to handle this complexity. However, self-organization needs a guideline for setting up and managing the system. In biology the structure and organization of a system is coded in its DNA. In this paper we present an approach to use an artificial DNA for that purpose. Since many embedded systems can be composed from a limited number of basic elements, the structure and parameters of such systems can be stored in a compact way representing an artificial DNA deposited in each processor core. This leads to a self-describing system. Based on the DNA, the self-organization mechanisms can build the system autonomously providing a self-building system. System repair and optimization at runtime are also possible, leading to higher robustness, dependability, and flexibility. We present a prototypic implementation and conduct a real-time evaluation using a flexible robot vehicle. Depending on the DNA, this vehicle acts as a self-balancing vehicle, an autonomous guided vehicle, a follower, or a combination of these.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Artificial DNA,Evaluation,Prototypic implementation,Real-time,Self-building,Self-description,Self-organization
Porcine automation: Robotic abdomen cutting trajectory planning using machine vision techniques based on global optimization algorithm	2017	Computers and Electronics in Agriculture	2017 Elsevier B.V.The purpose of this paper is to provide details on implementation of accurate and intelligent automation solution for porcine abdomen cutting while a pig is hung up by rear legs. The system developed utilized a 6-DOF industrial manipulators, customized tools, 2D camera and PC. Eye-to-hand calibrations built coordinate transformation relations of units in Cartesian space. The porcine abdomen curve was identified and fitted into quintic spline curve from image. Under cavum peritonaei constrains, optimal sectional trajectory was planned based on genetic algorithm (GA) by comparing several kinds of optimization algorithms. The results of experimental replications show that the system was successful both in following the varied position carcass and cutting open abdominal cavity without haslet damage. The system can enhance the quality, hygienic standard and efficiency of the process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Forestry,Agronomy and Crop Science,Computer Science Applications,Horticulture	Global optimization algorithm,Industrial robot,Machine vision,Porcine automation,Trajectory planning
Autonomous vehicle-intersection coordination method in a connected vehicle environment	2017	IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine	2009-2012 IEEE.In response to the need for developing coordinated schemes of autonomous vehicles (AVs) at an intersection. This paper presents a novel coordination method for intersection management in a connected vehicle environment. The road network is divided into three logical sections, namely, buffer area, core area and free driving area. In addition, a buffer-assignment mechanism is developed to cooperatively assign a specific crossing span for an individual AV and guide each AV to adjust its entry time and corresponding speed in the core area. A set-projection algorithm and a three-segment linear speed profile are employed to control the trajectories of the AVs in the buffer area. Furthermore, the assignment failure handling process and the crossing rule for human-driven vehicles are advanced to enhance the practicability and reliability of the buffer-assignment mechanism. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated by simulating various traffic conditions on an actual urban network. The simulation experiments and sensitivity analyses demonstrate that the proposed method can significantly reduce 24.2%-77.1% of travel delays, decrease almost 99% of number of stops and improve the sustainability of the traffic system by saving 22.1%-52% of fuel consumption.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	30	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Heuristics and lower bounds for minimizing fuel consumption in hybrid-electrical vehicles	2017	4OR	2017, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.In hybrid electric vehicles, the electrical powertrain system has multiple energy sources that it can gather power from to satisfy the propulsion power requested by the vehicle at each instant. This paper focusses on the minimization of the fuel consumption of such a vehicle, taking advantage of the different energy sources. Based on global optimization approaches, the proposed heuristics find solutions that best split the power requested between the multi-electrical sources available. A lower bounding procedure is introduced to validate the quality of the solutions. Computational results show a significant improvement over previous results from the literature in both the computing time and the quality of the solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	1	Management Information Systems,Theoretical Computer Science,Management Science and Operations Research,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Global optimization,Heuristics,Hybrid-electric vehicles,Lower bound,Optimal control,OR in energy
Design and evaluation of a robotic device for automated tail vein cannulations in rodent models	2017	Journal of Medical Devices, Transactions of the ASME	2017 by ASME.Preclinical testing in rodent models is a ubiquitous part of modern biomedical research and commonly involves accessing the venous bloodstream for blood sampling and drug delivery. Manual tail vein cannulation is a time-consuming process and requires significant skill and training, particularly since improperly inserted needles can affect the experimental results and study outcomes. In this paper, we present a miniaturized, robotic medical device for automated, image-guided tail vein cannulations in rodent models. The device is composed of an actuated three degrees-of-freedom (DOFs) needle manipulator, three-dimensional (3D) near-infrared (NIR) stereo cameras, and an animal holding platform. Evaluating the system through a series of workspace simulations and free-space positioning tests, the device exhibited a sufficient work volume for the needle insertion task and submillimeter accuracy over the calibration targets. The results indicate that the device is capable of cannulating tail veins in rodent models as small as 0.3mm in diameter, the smallest diameter vein required to target.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Medicine (miscellaneous),Biomedical Engineering	None
Intermodal terminal planning by Petri Nets and Data Envelopment Analysis	2017	Control Engineering Practice	2017A procedure for planning and resources’ management in intermodal terminals is presented. It integrates Timed Petri Nets (TPNs) and Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) and consists of three steps: the terminal modeling via TPNs to model the regular behavior; the evaluation of whether the current configuration may cope with increased freight flows; if not, the analysis by cross-efficiency DEA of alternative planning solutions. The procedure provides the decision maker with number, capacity, and schedule of resources to tackle the flows increase. The method is evaluated by a real case study, showing that integrating TPNs and DEA allows taking planning decisions under conflicting requirements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Data Envelopment Analysis,Freight transportation,Intermodal terminals,Performance evaluation,Petri Nets,Resource planning
Evolutionary and population-based methods versus constructive search strategies in dynamic combinatorial optimization	2017	Information Sciences	2017 Elsevier Inc.Optimization in dynamic environments is a hot research area that has attracted a notable attention in the past decade. It is clear from the dynamic optimization literature that most of the effort is devoted to continuous dynamic optimization problems although majority of the real-life problems are combinatorial. Additionally, in comparison to evolutionary or population-based approaches, constructive search strategy, which is shown to be successful in stationary combinatorial optimization problems, is commonly ignored by the dynamic optimization community. In the present work, a constructive and multi-start search strategy is proposed to solve dynamic multi-dimensional knapsack problem, which has numerous applications in real world. Making use of constructive and multi-start features, the aim here is to test the performance of such a strategy and to observe its behavior in dynamically changing environments. In this regard, this strategy is compared to the well-known evolutionary and population-based approaches, including a Genetic Algorithm-based memetic algorithm, Differential Evolution algorithm, Firefly Algorithm and a hyper-heuristic, which employs these population-based algorithms as low-level heuristics in accordance with their individual contributions. Furthermore, in order to improve their performances in dynamic environments, the mentioned evolutionary algorithms are enhanced by using triggered random immigrants and adaptive hill climbing strategies. As one can see from the comprehensive experimental analysis, while the proposed approach outperforms most of the evolutionary-based approaches, it is outperformed by firefly and hyper-heuristic algorithms in some of the instances. This points out competiveness of the proposed approaches. Finally, according to the statistical results of non-parametric tests, one can conclude that the proposed approach can be considered as a promising and a competitive algorithm in dynamic environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	15	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Dynamic combinatorial optimization,Greedy randomized adaptive search procedure,Metaheuristic algorithms,Multi-dimensional knapsack problem
Mapping field photographs to textured surface meshes directly on mobile devices	2017	Photogrammetric Record	2017 The Authors. The Photogrammetric Record  2017 The Remote Sensing and Photogrammetry Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.The mapping of photographs to surface geometry is an important procedure for many applications within the geosciences. This paper proposes an interactive framework for feature-based image-to-geometry mapping that works directly on mobile devices, under challenging imaging conditions and with limited available hardware performance. The framework makes use of openly available digital elevation models (DEMs) together with mobile position-and-orientation sensor data. It integrates calculation heuristics for result evaluation and feedback, synthesising available knowledge in current registration literature. The approach is assessed on two image datasets captured on separate occasions. Their interpretations are mapped to one textured lidar surface model and the projection accuracy is qualitatively assessed. The experiments show a significant accuracy improvement in photograph registration results, as well as the faithful mapping of image interpretations on the underlying surface geometry. This semi-automatic, user-guided, interactive approach is superior to comparable fully automatic registration methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	2	Engineering (miscellaneous),Computer Science Applications,Computers in Earth Sciences,Earth and Planetary Sciences (miscellaneous)	feature-based registration,geological interpretations,image-to-geometry,interactive framework,mobile-device application,outdoor environments
Analysis of image transfer mechanisms in a RESTful API client-server architecture and its application to lane detection	2017	Proceedings of the 2017 IEEE International Conference on Aerospace and Signals, INCAS 2017	2017 IEEE.This study investigates the effect of image rescaling and format changing hosted in a RESTful API architecture considering transfer time as a critical factor to apply lane detection on a external server. We employ Probabilistic Hough Transform to perform the detection because it is invariant to pixel position and robust to noise. Before being trasmitted to the external server, images are rescaled and their formats are changed, this way lane detection on the images can be performed faster than working with the original images. From the image formats used in the experiments, the JPG or JPEG yields the best results. When performing the rescaling and format change, transmission and processing time is halved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Peru	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Aerospace Engineering	API,Client-server,Hough Transform,Image processing,Lane detection,RESTful
Conflict-free route planning of automated guided vehicles based on conflict classification	2017	2017 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper deals with the off-line route planning of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). We propose a conflict-free route planning approach for the AGVs' control system in a warehouse system. The candidate routes are determined by using the improved Dijkstra's algorithm. The potential conflicts are detected and classified upon the comparison of node coordinates and occupancy times. A self-adaptive strategy is implemented to resolve the potential conflicts based on the conflict and mission classes. Presented simulation results demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed conflict-free route planning approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Optimization	Conflict classification,Multi-AGV,Route planning,Time window
Optimized multi-agent routing in shared guidepath networks	2017	Proceedings - 2017 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, SOLI 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper overviews a research program of ours that concerns the routing of a number of traveling agents over a transportation medium that is abstracted as a 'zone'-controlled guidepath network. From an application standpoint, this class of problems arise in the real-time management of the traffic that takes place in many contemporary material handling systems. But quite interestingly, the same problems also arise in the routing of the ionized atoms that are the elementary information carriers in the context of quantum computing. The paper provides a conceptual description and some motivational applications for the aforementioned problems, places these problems in the context of the existing literature, and outlines the methodological base and the key results that have been developed in the presented research; detailed expositions of these technical developments can be found in the provided references.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Computer Science Applications	Combinatorial scheduling theory,Guidepath-based traffic management,Lagrangian duality
Multi-robot task allocation for real-time hospital logistics	2017	2017 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2017	2017 IEEE.Autonomous mobile robots have been deployed at hospitals to cope with numerous delivery services. Robots deliver items from point to point through autonomous navigation. Conventional robots work individually conducting only one task at a time. This paper proposes a fleet optimization method to maximize the advantages of operating a group of robots concurrently by assigning multiple tasks to a robot. The server selects an appropriate robot for a delivery task based on the cost for conducting the delivery task of each robot. The robot with the minimum cost is assigned for the new delivery task. This way, a robot is assigned to conduct multiple tasks. The scheduler finds the minimum routing path for visiting multiple delivery locations. The shortest path for visiting multiple delivery locations is derived from a combinatorial search approach. This paper proposes an algorithm that reduces the computational burden for finding the path combinations. Because this procedure takes a short amount of time, the allocation of a robot can be conducted in real-time. The proposed algorithm is tested in the simulation, and the results show that it increases the efficiency when using multiple robots. In addition, by running the simulation and reviewing the performance results, the management group of a hospital can determine the number of robots required at their site.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Optimization	Allocation,Delivery,Hospital,Logistics,Robot,Task
Study on Multi-resource Intercellular Scheduling Problem Based on ASS Algorithm	2017	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	2017, China Mechanical Engineering Magazine Office. All right reserved.An intercellular scheduling problem based on multi-resource constraint was put forward considering the characteristics and important roles of equipment, human resources and AGVs in cellular manufacturing system. Aiming at minimum sum of part late delivery times, the numbers of employee and intercellular moving times and the numbers of AGV, a goal programming mathematical model was built. An ASS algorithm was presented to solve this model according to the model particularity. In the ASS algorithm, a genetic algorithm was used to get the new solution sets and the pattern search(PS) was used to improve the reference solution sets to enhance the rate of convergence. The mathematical model and algorithm were applied into 8 different size examples to prove validity of the model and algorithm. At last, the interactions of equipment, human resource and AGV were explained based on the analyses of the examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	Advanced scatter search(ASS) algorithm,Intercellular,Multi-resource,Scheduling
Pallet recognition and localization using an RGB-D camera	2017	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2017.This article reports our research results on an autonomous forklift, with the focus on pallet recognition and localization using an RGB-D camera. It is a fundamental issue for unmanned storehouses, which enables the forklift to insert the forks within the pallet’s slots for loading and unloading packages. Particularly, a pallet recognition and localization approach is presented. The range image is firstly segmented into planar patches based on a region growing algorithm. Then, the segments are filtered heuristically according to the storehouse environment. Afterward, a template matching method is utilized to recognize pallets in the remained segments, based on calculating the degree of similarity at each location during sliding the templates on the segment. Once a pallet has been recognized, its pose is calculated straightforward. The article has three main contributions, that is, a low-cost RGB-D camera is employed for pallet recognition and localization, where only depth information has been utilized; using the proposed method, multiple kinds of pallets can be used at the same time, which provides a flexibility for the storehouse; and furthermore, the method has a good expansibility to allow the storehouse to adopt new pallets easily.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	autonomous forklift,Pallet recognition and localization,unmanned storehouse
Open-source embedded framework for unmanned ground vehicle control using CIAA	2017	2017 8th Argentine Symposium and Conference on Embedded Systems, CASE 2017	2017 ACSE.In this paper a new open-source and open-hardware framework for Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) control is described. The hardware is based on CIAA (Computadora Industrial Abierta Argentina) and Arduino modules while the software is based on NuttX real-Time operating system (RTOS). For communication, the MAVlink protocol is used, also enabling interfacing with ROS (Robot Operating System). The framework can be employed for different style UGVs (differential drive, omnidirectional, skid steer) with different number of motorized wheels. It is designed for low-cost and ease of integration and adoption. The proposed framework was employed as the control system of a four-wheel skid-steer rover protoype developed by the authors, which is also described as a part of this work.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Argentina	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Instrumentation	None
Glocal controller-based formation control strategy for flexible material handling	2017	2017 56th Annual Conference of the Society of Instrument and Control Engineers of Japan, SICE 2017	2017 The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers - SICE.This paper proposes a framework for decentralized multi-agent cooperation to achieve flexible material handling. The aggregation and formation control of multiple homogeneous transport robots with differential wheel dynamics is considered. The main contribution is the design of a two-layer hierarchical structure based on the glocal control strategy, allowing local agents to achieve global objectives. The first layer describes the interconnection between agents with regards to a pre-determined formation. The second layer utilizes a virtual leader concept that allows the group to move towards a global target position. In flexible material handling, this corresponds to the transport of a work piece from Station A to Station B along a certain path, while maintaining a required formation. The proposed framework is implemented and tested in simulation for a four-agent system moving in environments with static obstacles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Decentralized multi-agent system,flexible material handling,glocal control,hierarchical structure
Comparison of the traditional and autonomous AGV systems	2017	MATEC Web of Conferences	The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2017.Automation is now an indispensable part of our world, which helps us produce more efficient, precisely and with lower costs. One of the major automation inventions were AGV vehicles, an automated guided vehicles, which meant a breakthrough in the internal logistics of many businesses. Today, these robots are nothing special, but their advanced functionality moves them to a higher level than before. This article describes one of their functionalities, which is an efficient and safe navigation while preserving the basic idea of their autonomy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	4	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Actuator fault detection and isolation of differential drive mobile robots using multiple model algorithm	2017	2017 4th International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies, CoDIT 2017	2017 European Union.An actuator fault detection and isolation (FDI) scheme is proposed in this paper for differential drive mobile robots based on the concept of multiple model approach. The nonlinear kinematic model of the mobile robot is discretized and a bank of Extended Kalman filters (EKF) is designed to detect and isolate faults. Experimental results are presented to demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed FDI approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Qatar	3	Control and Optimization,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Differential drive mobile robot,Extended kalman filter (EKF),Fault detection,Isolation (FDI),Multiple-Model (MM) based approach
Optimal Route Planning of Parking Lot Based on Dijkstra Algorithm	2017	Proceedings - 2017 International Conference on Robots and Intelligent System, ICRIS 2017	2017 IEEE.In this paper, we propose a novel method based on Dijkstra algorithm for parking lot to find an optimal route and solve the difficulties in finding parking spaces and traffic congestion nowadays. Firstly, by means of the traditional Dijkstra algorithm, which is a common way to solve the shortest path problem, we combine it with the impedance function model to obtain the dynamic time of the route. Secondly, the balance function between distance and time is adopted as the weight matrix of the algorithm for optimal path planning. Finally, the verification of the proposed method was conducted by using the numerical simulation. Experimental results validated that the proposed approach was able to provide an optimal personal navigation path effectively, thereby it enhancing the user experience in the parking lot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture	Dijkstra algorithm,Impedance function model,the balance function
A predictive online path planning and optimization approach for cooperative mobile service robot navigation in industrial applications	2017	2017 European Conference on Mobile Robots, ECMR 2017	2017 IEEE.In this paper we address the problem of online trajectory optimization and cooperative collision avoidance when multiple mobile service robots are operating in close proximity to each other. Using cooperative trajectory optimization to obtain smooth transitions in multi-agent path crossing scenarios applies to the demand for more flexibility and efficiency in industrial autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) systems. We introduce a general approach for online trajectory optimization in dynamic environments. It involves an elastic-band based method for time-dependent obstacle avoidance combined with a model predictive trajectory planner that takes into account the robot's kinematic and kinodynamic constraints. We augment that planning approach to be able to cope with shared trajectories of other agents and perform an potential field based cooperative trajectory optimization. Performance and practical feasibility of the proposed approach are demonstrated in simulation as well as in real world experiments carried out on a representative set of path crossing scenarios with two industrial mobile service robots.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	12	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
A decentralised system approach for controlling AGVs with ROS	2017	2017 IEEE AFRICON: Science, Technology and Innovation for Africa, AFRICON 2017	2017 IEEE.The current industrial state of the art for automated guided vehicles relies on centralised controllers dispatching transports to vehicles along predefined paths. The design of these paths is time-consuming and has to be done in advance, followed by an extensive testing phase. In the field of mobile robotics, robust path planning and navigation algorithms exist. However, they have not yet found their way into industrial applications in larger numbers. In this paper, we present a system architecture for a decentralised control of multiple automated guided vehicles performing material transportation tasks in intra-logistic applications which is based on mobile robotics solutions. The proposed system includes solutions for self-localisation, behaviour control, conflict-free routing and motion control. The non-centralised control of the system architecture allows for dynamic path planning and traffic coordination. Its implementation is based on the Robot Operating System, the de-facto standard middleware for robotics applications. We give an overview of the overall system architecture as well as the coordination mechanisms and show a first proof of concept in simulations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Human-Computer Interaction,Signal Processing,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	None
Collaborative solutions for inter terminal transport	2017	International Journal of Production Research	2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Major ports contain multiple container terminals, sea terminals, train, truck and barge terminal, and empty container depots, operated by different companies. Port authorities try to streamline inter terminal container transport (ITT) within congested port areas by offering expensive common road and rail infrastructure. Alternatively, individual stakeholders can set up private or collaborative container transport systems. This paper develops a framework to analyse and determine feasibility conditions of a common ITT system in a port area, depending on total transport volumes. First, we develop a simulation model to evaluate the costs of transporting containers using different modes of transport including trucks, automated guided vehicles, and multi trailer systems. Next, the required number of vehicles per mode is determined for a given throughput and waiting time. The results of the simulation are used in a game-theoretic setting to determine the cost savings per stakeholder operating in a coalition. By comparing cost savings for all possible coalitions, it is possible to determine, for each stakeholder, the attractiveness of using a common system. We find the coalitions that result in the highest savings and compare them with the infrastructure cost required to realise them. We apply the method to determine the feasibility of a common ITT system for terminals in the Port of Rotterdam and show that it only pays off in case of high demand for container transports.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	14	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	collaborative games,cost sharing,infrastructure cost,inter terminal container transport,simulation
Modelling load retrievals in puzzle-based storage systems	2017	International Journal of Production Research	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Puzzle-based storage systems are a new type of automated storage systems that allow storage of unit loads (e.g. cars, pallets, boxes) in a rack on a very small footprint with individual accessibility of all loads. They resemble the famous 15-sliding tile puzzle. Current models for such systems study retrieving loads one at a time. However, much time can be saved by considering multiple retrieval loads simultaneously. We develop an optimal method to do this for two loads and heuristics for three or more loads. Optimal retrieval paths are constructed for multiple load retrieval, which consists of moving multiple loads first to an intermediary ‘joining location’. We find that, compared to individual retrieval, optimal dual load retrieval saves on average 17% move time, and savings from the heuristic is almost the same. For three loads, savings are 23% on average. A limitation of our method is that it is valid only for systems with a very high space utilisation, i.e. only one empty location is available. Future research should investigate retrieving multiple loads for systems with multiple empty slots.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated warehouse,compact storage systems,multiple load retrieval,parking lot,puzzle-based storage
Research on precise positioning technology for AGV based on multi-object vision and laser integrated navigation	2017	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	2017, Science Press. All right reserved.In order to further improve the positioning accuracy of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) and meet the requirements of high-precision positioning occasions, a precise positioning method based on binocular vision and laser integrated navigation is proposed in this paper. Firstly, the method proposes an AGV position and pose control technique based on binocular vision real-time measurement. The multi-object vision system is used to recognize a number of circular identification points on the guide wire side, and the forward looking prediction and accurate pose determination are completed. Then, the improved least squares fitting ellipse algorithm based on algebraic distance variance calibration is used to determine the coordinates of the identification centers. Combining laser scanning and visual positioning information, the Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF) algorithm is adopted to realize the multiple sensor data fusion; and finally, the accurate positioning is realized. Experiment results show that after using the proposed method, the positioning accuracy is improved obviously, the control curve becomes smoother, the positioning robustness becomes better; the attitude adjustment accuracy can reach to ±0.5 degrees and the comprehensive parking positioning accuracy can reach to ±1 mm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Instrumentation	Automated guided vehicle,Integrated navigation,Precise positioning,Unscented Kalman filter (UKF)
Assessment of navigation technologies for automated guided vehicle in nuclear fusion facilities	2017	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2017 Elsevier B.V.Nuclear fusion power plants require periodical maintenance, including the remote handling operations of transportation performed by automated guided vehicles (AGV). The navigation system becomes a key issue given the safety constrains of the heavy load to be transported in the complex scenarios, such as the reactor building. This work presents well-known and mature navigation technologies used by AGV in industry: with a physical path (e.g., wire/inductive guidance, optical line guidance and magnetic tape guidance) and with a virtual path (e.g., laser based, motion capture, inertial, magnetic-gyro) to be followed by the AGV during the operations of transportation. A critical assessment is also presented regarding the performance of these technologies against the operational requirements and safety demonstration in the framework of fusion facilities like ITER (International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor) or DEMO (DEMOnstration Power Station).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles,Guidance,Navigation and control systems,Nuclear fusion facilities,Remote handling
Campus Kart: An Automated Guided Vehicle to Teach Using a Multidisciplinary Approach	2017	Revista Iberoamericana de Tecnologias del Aprendizaje	2013 IEEE.Typically, undergraduate engineering courses include the development of a final project, which integrates the main concepts studied during the term. Although these projects devise some relevant academic advantages, since the students can apply the theoretical knowledge into practice, they still have important shortcomings: 1) projects are constrained to artificial scenarios not linked to real-world needs and 2) developed prototypes are conceived from a single perspective isolated from other disciplines. It is well known that issues like the pressure to comply the course syllabus and time-constraints caused by other project course or the academic load, discourage professors and students to innovate and explore multi-disciplinary projects that focuses on current needs by real-world customers. The work presented in this paper summarizes the lessons learned from a multi-disciplinary engineering project that aims to fulfill a need from an actual customer. During one semester, senior students from four different majors (mechanics, mechatronics, industrial design, and information technology) designed, built and tested a functional prototype for an autonomous vehicle to provide guided tours inside the campus area to visitors, the project was named Campus Kart. Throughout the project development, four teams worked to integrate a common solution from different perspectives to elaborate this prototype, which satisfies the customer requirements. The proposed engineering academic approach is described from planning, development to validation phases, and finally from the lessons learned useful best practice guidelines are proposed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	2	Education,Engineering (all)	automated guided vehicles,Multidisciplinary approach,project oriented learning,undergraduate projects
A modular CPS architecture design based on ROS and Docker	2017	International Journal on Interactive Design and Manufacturing	2016, Springer-Verlag France.In this paper a modular generic architecture for cyber-physical systems based on free open software components is presented. The architecture is implemented over inexpensive components frequently found in information and communication technology contexts. More specifically, the robot operating system middleware abstracts communication among multiple networked modules, whereas the Docker lightweight virtualization container is proposed to wrap up software modules. Focus is on mobile robotics in production systems and industrial automation environments. Actually, an automated guided vehicle problem is demonstrated by means of a proof of concept aimed at industrial automation applications illustrating the potential of the proposed architecture and its implementation, built with low cost hardware modules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	7	Modeling and Simulation,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cyber-physical systems (CPS),Lightweight virtualization (Docker),Robot operating system (ROS),Smart factory
Loop-based facility layout design under flexible bay structures	2017	International Journal of Production Economics	2017 Elsevier B.V.We develop heuristic procedures for concurrent design of block layout, material flow network, and input and output stations. Unlike the common practice in the flexible bay structure layout design, our objective function includes both loaded and empty flow between pairs of I/O stations. This measure of effectiveness is the main determinant of the fleet size of the vehicles, which in turn is the major driver of the total investment and operational costs in vehicle-based material handling. Our work is the first to design flexible bay structure layouts for loop-based material flow patterns. We first develop heuristic algorithms to configure the layout on the foundations of a unidirectional loop flow pattern. The loop and stations are then designed on the promising layouts. A set of improvement algorithms provide a better integration of the layout, loop, and stations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible bay structures (FBS),Generalized traveling salesman problem (GTSP),Loop based facility layout,Vehicle based material handling
An efficient sheep flock heredity algorithm for the cell formation problem	2017	ARPN Journal of Engineering and Applied Sciences	2006-2017 Asian Research Publishing Network (ARPN).CM (Cellular Manufacturing) is an essential GT (Group Technology) application that has been used in several real-world industrial applications. The problem of cell formation is considered as the first most important criteria in the design CMS (Cellular Manufacturing Systems) in order to minimize lead time and setup time to maximize productivity. In this paper, an efficient SFHA (Sheep Flock Heredity algorithm) is suggested for problem solving where the number of cells is not fixed a priori. To assess the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, a set of 10 benchmark problems is used; the results are then compared with other methods by considering Grouping Efficacy parameter. From the results we can say that algorithm which is proposed has performed well on the standard problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	4	Engineering (all)	Cell formation,Group technology,Grouping efficacy,Lead time,Productivity,Sheep flock heredity
A new shortest path algorithm to solve the resource-constrained project scheduling problem with routing from a flow solution	2017	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	2017 Elsevier LtdIn this study, the definition of a RCPSPR (Resource-Constrained Project Scheduling Problem with Routing) solution from a flow solution of the RCPSP is investigated. This new problem consists in defining a solution of RCPSPR that considers both routing and scheduling and that complies with a RCPSP flow, i.e., a solution where the loaded vehicle moves are achieved between activity i and j with a non-null flow. A shortest path algorithm is proposed to solve this problem with a labeling dynamic approach where a label provides all of the information about a solution, including the objective function, the system state and the remaining resources that allow the use of a dominance rule. The system state, described by the label, encompasses both the activities and the vehicle fleet information, including vehicle position and availability dates. Numerical experiments are limited to a comparative study with a proposed linear formulation since no previous publications exist on this problem. A time performance analysis of the proposed algorithm is carried out, proving the efficiency of the algorithm and clearing the way for integration into global iterative optimization schemes that will solve the RCPSPR to optimality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Arc routing,RCPSP,Routing,Scheduling
Integrated scheduling of part and tool in a flexible manufacturing system using modified genetic algorithm	2017	International Journal of Systems Assurance Engineering and Management	2017, The Society for Reliability Engineering, Quality and Operations Management (SREQOM), India and The Division of Operation and Maintenance, Lulea University of Technology, Sweden.Scheduling problems in an FMS have been considered as complex optimization problems whose solution by conventional techniques requires a great deal of efforts and time. In this paper, a simultaneous loading and scheduling of part and tool has been proposed for a flexible manufacturing system which has identical machines and a common tool magazine. All the tools are stored in the common tool magazine, and shared among the different machines through a material handling system. Each tool type is single in number. A modified genetic algorithm (MGA) with three parent crossover and a mutation operator is used to find the optimal solution of the loading and scheduling problem. The MGA uses an algorithm which is based on Giffler and Thompson procedure with a heuristic approach to resolve the job conflict and generate an active feasible schedule. The performance of the proposed algorithm is analyzed by comparing the makespan results with the results existing in literature. It is observed that the MGA yields better results than the algorithms reported so far. Furthermore, efficiency of MGA improves as the problem size increases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Strategy and Management	Flexible manufacturing system,Loading,Modified genetic algorithm,Scheduling
School bus routing with stochastic demand and duration constraints	2017	Transportation Science	2017 INFORMS.The school bus routing problem (SBRP) is crucial because of its impact on economic and social objectives. A single bus is assigned to each route, picking up students and arriving at the school within a specified time window. SBRP aims to find the fewest buses needed to cover all of the routes while minimizing the total travel distance and meeting required constraints. We propose a mathematical formulation responding to the overbooking policies applied in a real-world school district. According to our empirical studies, the probability of a student riding a bus varies from 22% to 77%, opening the opportunity to overbook the buses to improve utilization of their capacity. However, SBRP with overbooking has not attracted much attention in previous studies. In this work, overbooking is modeled via chance constrained programming. Additionally, to account for the uncertainty of the total travel time of the buses, a constraint limiting the probability of being late to school is also proposed in this paper. As a result of the NP-hard nature of the problem, a cascade simplification algorithm is proposed to partition the multiple stage SBRP problems into multiple multi-depot and one-school subproblems that are solved sequentially, where the results for one are data inputs for the next. Furthermore, we develop column-generation-based algorithms to solve the scheduling problem, and different instances of the problem are examined. Our computational experiments on a real-world school district demonstrate desirable cost savings in terms of the total number of buses used.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	14	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Column generation,Integer programming,School bus routing
A new multi-vision-based reconstruction algorithm for tube inspection	2017	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2017, Springer-Verlag London Ltd.Complex tubes are used widely in aerospace vehicles today, and their accurate assembly can determine the equipment’s performance and longevity. The machining precision of the tube determines its assembly reliability. As most tubes are metallic, springback is a major factor preventing them from realizing accuracy requirements in primary processing. Thus, it is important to inspect the processed tubes and then fix any geometric errors to satisfy the assembly requirements. However, the widely adopted tube inspection method in the literature is time-consuming and inconvenient because it is greatly dependent on human operation. In fact, there is no effective inspection method for tubes with complex shapes and large dimensions. To address this, an automatic tube reconstruction algorithm based on multi-vision is proposed in this paper. The algorithm discretizes the tube into many small cylinders, referred to as primitives. Multi-vision technology and the tube edges are then used to reconstruct the primitives to form the initial model, from which a three-dimensional model can be constructed within 2 min. Our algorithm dramatically improves the reconstruction speed because it concentrates only on the reconstruction of finite cylinders rather than point clouds on the tube surface. And the reconstruction accuracy is 0.17 mm, allowing arc recognition of bending angles ranging from 1° to 180°. Also, the restrictions due to reflection on the surface and the lack of necessary texture for matching are solved at the same time. A comparison of reconstructed and computer-aided design (CAD) models resolves geometric error and springback for machining parameter optimization, providing improved accuracy particularly for tube bending, which is of great significance for the realization of automated tube production.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cylinder primitive,Multi-vision,Shape from silhouette,Tube reconstruction
Envelope Control for Four-Wheel Independently Actuated Autonomous Ground Vehicle Through AFS/DYC Integrated Control	2017	IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology	1967-2012 IEEE.This paper proposes an envelope control framework for four-wheel independently actuated autonomous ground vehicle (AGV) to regulate it on desired path and simultaneously control it to the driving limits. The envelope control framework is achieved based on the integrated control of active front-wheel steer and direct yaw-moment control. In a speed controller, the G-G diagram is used to describe the driving limits on each path segment. The desired traction and braking force is calculated according to the G-G diagram and desired path. In a path-following controller, a feedforward-feedback lateral controller is designed to calculate the desired steering angle to follow the desired path. In a yaw-moment controller, the β-r phase portraits are utilized to describe the handling limits. The yaw-moment controller aims at keeping the AGV from losing stability in limit driving, which is calculated through a sliding mode controller and provided by the independent motors actuation. Through an independent driving technique, the tyre cornering stiffness is estimated online based on the predefined Magic Formula model to improve the controller's robustness. An autonomous Formula Student racecar developed by the authors is used as testbed. The autonomous driving experiments on racetrack validate the efficiency of the proposed controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	45	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous vehicle,dynamics control,electric vehicle,path following,yaw control
An experimental platform for autonomous bus development	2017	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2017 by the authors.Nowadays, with highly developed instrumentation, sensing and actuation technologies, it is possible to foresee an important advance in the field of autonomous and/or semi-autonomous transportation systems. Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS) have been subjected to very active research for many years, and Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) is one area of major interest. Among the most promising transport infrastructures, the articulated bus is an interesting, low cost, high occupancy capacity and friendly option. In this paper, an experimental platform for research on the automatic control of an articulated bus is presented. The aim of the platform is to allow full experimentation in real conditions for testing technological developments and control algorithms. The experimental platform consists of a mobile component (a commercial articulated bus) fully instrumented and a ground test area composed of asphalt roads inside the Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC) premises. This paper focuses also on the development of a human machine interface to ease progress in control system evaluation. Some experimental results are presented in order to show the potential of the proposed platform.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	10	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automatic vehicle control,Autonomous bus,Autonomous driving,Bus Rapid Transit (BRT),Human machine interface,Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS),Lateral control,Longitudinal control,Obstacle detection
Design and Verification of Real-Life Processes with Application of Petri Nets	2017	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.This paper focuses on the design and verification methods of distributed logic controllers supervising real-life processes. Such systems have to be designed very carefully and precisely in order to operate flawlessly and to meet user needs. We propose to use interpreted Petri nets as modeling formalism. A new design flow of distributed logic controllers is introduced. The methodology covers the development process from the specification stage to the final implementation of the controller in the distributed devices. In the proposed solution, the system is decomposed into separate modules that form a distributed system. Furthermore, the specification (before and after the decomposition process) is formally verified with the application of the model checking technique against predefined behavioral requirements. Finally, the system is implemented in real devices. The usage of formal methods and double model checking ensure the correct functionality of the designed distributed logic controller. The theoretical approach is supplemented by the practical experiments. Furthermore, the proposed idea is illustrated by an example of a smart home system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	29	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Decomposition,field programmable gate array (FPGA),formal verification,microcontroller,Petri net,prototyping of distributed control system
Improving the Performance of Multi-AGV Systems with a Dynamic Unlock Algorithm	2017	Proceedings - 10th International Conference on Intelligent Computation Technology and Automation, ICICTA 2017	2017 IEEE.In view of the limitation of single-load AGV's low throughput in modern express logistics warehouse, a dynamic unlock algorithm is proposed in this paper. Dynamic unlock algorithm is used for multi-AGV scheduling problem. In order to measure system's throughput, a map environment was constructed and evaluated to compute the total complete time (TCT) and total waiting-for-start time (TWT). The final experimental result shows that dynamic unlock algorithm can guarantee that AGVs may avoid deadlock and collision problems during the scheduling process in multi-AGV express logistics warehouse systems. And the scheduling efficiency is acceptable.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization	AGV,Deadlock,Path Conflict,Real-time Scheduling
Pathfinder-Development of Automated Guided Vehicle for Hospital Logistics	2017	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This paper describes the development of Pathfinder-A n autonomous guided vehicle intended for the transportation of material in hospital environments. Pathfinder is equipped with the latest industrial hardware components and employs the most recent software stacks for simultaneous localization, navigation, and mapping. As the most significant contribution to the current robotics development, powerlink interface enabling direct data transfers between robot operating system and powerlink compatible hardware was developed. This combination is in our best knowledge reported here for the first time and the results with comprehensive tutorial were made publicly available as a GitHub repository. The capabilities of Pathfinder were explored during preliminary on-site tests in local hospital. From experimental results in a hospital it was confirmed that the robot can move along its global path, and reach the goal without colliding with static and moving objects.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	19	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Ethernet networks,Logistics,Path planning,Powerlink,Robot operating system,Service robots,Simultaneous localization and mapping
Path Extraction Method of Vision-guided AGV under Complex Illumination Conditions	2017	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2017, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.An adaptive image illumination partitioning and threshold segmentation approach based on a model of illumination and color was proposed for path extraction in the field of view for a vision-guided AGV under complex illumination conditions. Firstly, the relation between light illumination and image brightness was analyzed, and the correlation model of illumination and color was built by measuring color distribution with respect to different illuminations in images under complex illumination conditions. Secondly, the image of a guide path was partitioned into different illumination regions according to the model of illumination and color. Then the image of low-illumination region was enhanced in the space of RGB color to retrieve the color information of the guide path, and the image of high-illumination region was processed by differentiating chrominance components of Cb and Cr to suppress the common-mode luminance interference. Finally, an adaptive threshold segmentation method was performed for different illumination regions. A large number of experimental results showed that this path extraction approach had high adaptability to complex illumination when recognizing the guide path in the vision field with both high-reflective and dark-shadow regions caused by the environment illumination, and it achieved the recognition accuracy of 98% owing to decreasing the errors of under-segmentation and over-segmentation in high-reflective and dark-shadow regions significantly.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Illumination color model,Image processing,Path extraction,Threshold segmentation,Vision guidance
Automatic atlas-guided constrained random walker algorithm for 3D segmentation of muscles on water magnetic resonance images	2017	25th European Signal Processing Conference, EUSIPCO 2017	EURASIP 2017.Automatic segmentation of distinct muscles is a crucial step for quantitative analysis of muscle's tissue properties. Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging provides a superior soft tissue contrast and noninvasive means for assessing muscular characteristics. However, automatic segmentation of muscles using common morphological MR imaging is very challenging as the intensities and textures of adjacent muscles are similar and the boundaries between them are mostly invisible or discontinuous. In this paper, we propose a novel fully automatic framework for 3D segmentation of muscles on water MR images. This framework generates the 3D average and probabilistic atlases of the targeted muscle to automatically define the labeled seeds, the edges weights, and the constraints of a constrained Random Walker algorithm. Also, the low-pass filtered atlas-derived muscle probability map is used to augment the intensities prior to the graph-based segmentation. This enables automatic localization of the targeted muscle and enforces dissimilarities between its intensities and the intensities of adjacent lean tissues. The proposed algorithm outperforms the original random Walker algorithm and the conventional multi-atlas registration for muscle segmentation and is less sensitive to errors in the manually segmented muscle masks used for training (atlas computation).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Signal Processing	None
SeeNav: Seamless and energy-efficient indoor navigation using augmented reality	2017	Thematic Workshops 2017 - Proceedings of the Thematic Workshops of ACM Multimedia 2017, co-located with MM 2017	2017 Association for Computing Machinery.Augmented Reality (AR) based navigation has emerged as an impressive, yet seamless way of guiding users in unknown environments. Its quality of experience depends on many factors, including the accuracy of camera pose estimation, response delay, and energy consumption. In this paper, we present SeeNav - a seamless and energy-efficient AR navigation system for indoor environments. SeeNav combines image-based localization and inertial tracking to provide an accurate and robust camera pose estimation. As vision processing is much more compute intensive than the processing of inertial sensor data, SeeNav o.oads the former one from resource-constrained mobile devices to a cloud to improve tracking performance and reduce power consumption. More than that, SeeNav implements a context-aware task scheduling algorithm that further minimizes energy consumption while maintaining the accuracy of camera pose estimation. Our experimental results, including a user study, show that SeeNav provides seamless navigation experience and reduces the overall energy consumption by 21.56% with context-aware task scheduling.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	7	Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Theoretical Computer Science	Augmented reality,Energy efficiency,Indoor navigation
Research on improved graph-based SLAM used in intelligent garage	2017	2017 IEEE International Conference on Information and Automation, ICIA 2017	2017 IEEE.The paper analyzes the problems existing in the practical application of traditional laser triangulation algorithm and sums up the front-end and back-end of graph-based SLAM. Taking into account of the singularity, similarity and symmetry of garbage's feature which may cause feature mismatch and the shortcomings of reflective panels being easily blocked by other objects but with high position accuracy while triangulation was used, the idea of combining SLAM algorithm with triangulation algorithm is proposed. The differences between the traditional graph-based SLAM method and the improved one are compared. And the improved algorithm is applied into the navigation of overloaded AGV in the intelligent garage successfully.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	improved graph-based SLAM,intelligent garage,laser triangulation algorithm,overloaded AGV
Development of a generic simulation method for the time window routing of automated guided vehicles Entwicklung einer generischen simulationsmethode für das zeitfensterbasierte routing fahrerloser transportfahrzeuge	2017	Logistics Journal	2017 Logistics Journal.Automated guided vehicles are used for the supply of production areas, in automated storage and retrieval systems and for the supply of picking areas in goods to person fulfillment systems. The number of vehicles, that is required to reach a given throughput cannot be calculated exactly in an analytical way. Therefore, the performance of a simulation study is necessary. Implementing the model in a simulation environment requirestime and effort. Basic algorithms are needed in order to obtain an executable simulation model. In this work, we describe a method for the simulation of automated guided vehicle systems for the measurement of the throughput as a function of the number of vehicles. We model an automated guided vehicle system in order to transfer it into a simulation environment. We describe algorithms concerning the routing and deadlock-han-dling, that will be integrated into the model and could be used on different layouts. As a result we obtain an executable simulation model that can be used for the detailed analysis of individual automated guided vehicle systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,MRFS,Simulation,Throughput analysis,Time-window routing
Neural network-based genetic job assignment for automated guided vehicles Auftragsvergabe basierend auf mit genetischen algorithmen trainierten neuronalen netzen für fahrerlose transportsysteme	2017	Logistics Journal	2017 Logistics Journal.Automated guided vehicles are designed to autonomously transport material in production and warehouse environments. The loading/unloading process of the material on the vehicles occurs at dedicated stations, called material sources and destinations. Every time a vehicle is idle, a new transportation job, i.e. the transportation of some goods from a material source to a material destination, can be assigned to one of the vehicles, which represents the limiting resource. The policies, which are used for the job assignment, are several. In this paper, a new policy based on neural networks which were trained by genetic algorithms is proposed and evaluated. The results show that this new policy outperforms a policy which is a combination of the so called “First Come First Served” and the “Nearest Vehicle First” policy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Automated guided vehicles,Genetic algorithms,Job assignment,Neural networks
Parts-to-picker based order processing in a rack-moving mobile robots environment	2017	European Journal of Operational Research	2017 Elsevier B.V.This paper treats a special parts-to-picker based order processing system, where mobile robots hoist racks and bring them directly to stationary pickers. This technological innovation – known as the Kiva system – heavily influences all traditional planning problems to be solved when operating a warehouse. We, specifically, tackle the order processing in a picking station, i.e., the batching and sequencing of picking orders and the interdependent sequencing of the racks brought to a station. We formalize the resulting decision problem and provide suited solution procedures. In a comprehensive computational study we show that an optimized order picking allows to more than halve the fleet of robots compared to simple decision rules often applied in real-world warehouses.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	40	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Freight/material handling,Mobile robots,Scheduling,Warehousing
Sequencing dual-spreader crane operations: Mathematical formulation and heuristic algorithm	2017	European Journal of Operational Research	2017 Elsevier B.V.This paper introduces the problem of scheduling a dual-spreader crane when lifts are subject to a weight limit. A mathematical model is formulated and a fast method for computing a lower bound on the optimal value is proposed. An efficient heuristic approach is designed and subsequently built into a simulated annealing framework to solve the problem. The optimization and heuristic approaches are tested on problem instances of various sizes. The results indicate that the optimization approach produces proven optimal solutions to small-sized instances but fails to solve instances of practical meaning. The heuristic approach can easily match the performance of the optimization approach for small instances and outperforms the optimization approach when tackling larger instances. On average, the heuristic approach produces solutions whose objective values are within 6% of the lower bound.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Container terminal,Dual-spreader crane,Integer programming,OR in the maritime industry,Tandem-lift crane
Research and design of control system based on NRF24l01 for intellectualized vehicle	2017	Proceedings of 2017 IEEE 6th Data Driven Control and Learning Systems Conference, DDCLS 2017	2017 IEEE.Modern production requests higher ability of transportation, thus intelligent machine is needed to replace human to work. The automated guided vehicle can carry heavy loads by human, people can choice the way they go and how fast they run. The chip selected is STM32f103VET6 which can provide many functions and it is frequently-used in intelligent machine. The L298n and actuator are selected to control DC-motor and the direction. In the way of wireless communication, the NRFl24l01 is used to transfer instruction. To communicate with MCGS, the RS232 is taken to complete the mission. Then the electromagnetic transducer of Lan Zhou is selected to get electromagnetic signal and fit the rechargeable battery to provide power for AGV. The control mode is that upper monitor send order to AGV by NRF24l01. Then it transfers order to STM32f103 to control DC-motor.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computational Mechanics,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated Guided Vehicle,Transportation,Wireless Communication
A co-evolutionary framework for concurrent design of machines layout and AGVs planning	2017	Proceedings of the 2017 IEEE 21st International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, CSCWD 2017	2017 IEEE.We herein tackled concurrent design of machines layout and automated guided vehicle (AGV) planning in a workshop, and proposed a co-evolutionary framework for the whole design with tandem AGVs system. Our objective is to reduce the material transporting costs in the manufacturing process and realize the flexible reconfigurable. Firstly, we divide the whole workshop into several regions (or groups), and each region is a subsystem of cooperative co-evolutionary (CC) framework (Potter's CC model). Then, we employ a typical evolutionary algorithm, such as genetic algorithm, to solve the machine layout with AGV planning in each region. Also, we use a group generator to regroup the regions for improving the design. The preliminary experimental results from an example with ten parts, 30 machines and three loops in a workshop showed the effectiveness of our framework compared with noncoevolutionary framework.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	AGV planning,Co-evolutionary framework,concurrent design,machines layout
Cyber-physical system integration for industry 4.0: Modelling and simulation of an induction heating process for aluminium-steel molds in footwear soles manufacturing	2017	RTSI 2017 - IEEE 3rd International Forum on Research and Technologies for Society and Industry, Conference Proceedings	2017 IEEE.In recent years, the Cyber-Physical Systems (CPSs), have become a new trend to increase and to enrich the interactions between physical and virtual systems with the goal to create a truly connected world in which smart objects interact and exchange data with each other. The CPS is the core of the new industrial revolution called 'Industry 4.0', which promotes the computerization of manufacturing to make decentralized decisions. Within the modular structured smart factories, Cyber-Physical Systems monitor physical processes, create a virtual copy of the physical world, simulate parts of process and implement sophisticated control policies in order to take optimized decisions. This research proposes the modelling and simulation of an induction heating process for aluminium-steel mold, which is used in the production of footwear soles. The modelling supports the simulation of a CPS model related to the use of a multi-use LGV (Laser Guided Vehicle) which transports aluminum-steel molds from a mechanized warehouse to the final rotary production line, used for the soles foaming. In detail, a thermal model and an induction heating electronic circuit model have been studied to describe the whole mold heating system and they have been simulated using Simulink/MATLAB. In addition, two types of controllers, an induction preheating control technique based on a Model Predictive Controller (MPC), and another one based on PID, have been developed in order to analyse the different behaviour of the system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	11	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Health (social science),Management of Technology and Innovation,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Laser Guided Vehicles,Cyber Physical System,Footwear Industry,Industry 4.0,Injection Molding,Model Predictive Controller,Preheating Molds
Reliability modeling of cyber-physical systems: A holistic overview and challenges	2017	2017 Workshop on Modeling and Simulation of Cyber-Physical Energy Systems, MSCPES 2017 - Held as part of CPS Week, Proceedings	2017 IEEE.The goal of this paper is to provide a holistic overview and identify challenges of reliability modeling in Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS). Cyber-physical systems are complex systems that incorporate three paradigms of different natures: hardware, software and humans. Each of the paradigms raises its specific challenges and instills its own types of faults and failures that occur following their specific patterns. Therefore, each of the paradigms requires different reliability modeling approaches, and, moreover, all modeling approaches need to be combined. This combination can enable development of a holistic CPS reliability modeling approach. In this paper, we present the specificities of reliability and fault modeling for all three paradigms that comprise CPS: hardware, software and humans, and discuss the challenges related to their combination for providing a holistic approach to CPS reliability modeling.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	7	Artificial Intelligence,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computer Networks and Communications,Modeling and Simulation	challenges,cyber-physical systems,human factor,overview,reliability
Cyber physical systems in mechatronic research centre	2017	MATEC Web of Conferences	The authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2017.In the Building Mechatronic Research Centre we started to develop our cyber-physical system. The Department provided us all necessary equipment to realize the first cyber-physical system. The main core of the project was to create an augmented reality based navigation system in our robot laboratory. In that aspect we also built an internet of things ready automated guided vehicle prototype. It must be said that the internet of things has induced a new paradigm shift in the socio-economic world. Nowadays, augmented reality and virtual reality are industrial processes development tools. In recent years, these technologies demonstrated significant improvements in real-time industrial technology.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	1	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Design of Multi-Scenario Simulation of Molten Iron Logistics System with Cranes and Cross-Train AGVs	2017	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	2017, The Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation. All right reserved.Iron and steel complexes prefer a new molten iron logistics technology which involves cranes and cross-train AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicle) for transportation. The key concern of decision-makers is how to evaluate the safety and performance of the logistics design. For using simulation, it needs to solve the multi-scenario what-if simulation problems caused by uncertain processing time and crane yielding. An object-oriented simulation design method and finite state automata based modeling techniques were introduced. A multi-scenario simulation procedure was introduced. The proposed techniques can improve the flexibility, configurability and reusability of the simulation system effectively.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Discrete event simulation,Logistics simulation,Molten iron logistics,Molten iron transport,Multi-scenario what-if simulation,Object oriented simulation modeling
Motion controller design for a mecanum wheeled mobile manipulator	2017	1st Annual IEEE Conference on Control Technology and Applications, CCTA 2017	2017 IEEE.Mobile manipulators extend the workspace of manipulators by mounting them on mobile platforms. The paper presents the design of a motion controller for a mobile manipulator. The mobile manipulator consists of a mobile platform driven by Mecanum wheels and a robotic arm with 6 degrees of freedom. A Mecanum wheeled platform provides 3 degrees of freedom in motion. Such a platform is usually driven by 4 or more Mecanum wheels, which are mounted in a fixed position at the platform. If a mobile platform is driven by more than 3 wheels, it builds an over-actuated and over-sensed driving system. The paper develops a compact and easy applicable kinematic model of over-actuated Mecanum wheeled mobile platforms that includes the kinematic motion constraints of the system. The kinematic model is described by a single Jacobi matrix, which is invertible and therefore can be used in the forward and inverse kinematic model. Furthermore the paper describes the overall controller structure for our mobile manipulator OmnMan including the real-time synchronization of platform and manipulator. The motion controller of the platform includes a coupling controller that controls the kinematic motion constraints. Experimental results evaluates the effectiveness of the coupling controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	11	Theoretical Computer Science,Hardware and Architecture,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Industry 4.0: Sustainable material handling processes in industrial environments	2017	Computer Aided Chemical Engineering	2017 Elsevier B.V.Responding to the intensified shareholders’ pressure for economic growth, stringent health regulatory schemes and increased consumers’ environmental awareness Industry 4.0 and the Internet of Things (IoT) revolution provide opportunities for developing effective industrial applications that efficiently tackle the triple-helix sustainability challenges associated with operations in industrial systems. Our ongoing research demonstrates that Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are a rapidly emerging research field with existing studies focusing more on economic ramifications by addressing network optimization and distribution problems, and less on developing integrated methodological approaches for promoting environmental and social sustainability. This study aims at motivating the role of AGVs as enablers of sustainability in modern manufacturing systems while focusing more on the environmental sustainability echelon. We first provide an overview of the updated AGVs’ capabilities in the Industry 4.0 era through reviewing successful case studies. The study focuses on material handling and manufacturing industries while it provides insights for approaching the process industries. Furthermore it indicates the economic, environmental and social aspects at the industrial environment and pinpoints critical KPIs of the system. Prospective research avenues and business opportunities for AGV systems that need to be considered by academicians and practitioners to foster the transition towards a more sustainable future are highlighted as well.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Greece	6	Chemical Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated Guided Vehicles,Industry 4.0,Optimization,Simulation,Sustainability
Cloud-assisted interaction and negotiation of industrial robots for the smart factory	2017	Computers and Electrical Engineering	2017 Elsevier LtdIndustrial robots such as robotic arms and AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) are widely used in the manufacturing environment to perform various kinds of tasks. However, these industrial robots are designed for traditional production lines which need little interaction and negotiation. As a result, current robots are not suitable for the emerging smart factory in the era of industry 4.0, which features high interconnection, dynamic reconfiguration, mass data, and deep integration. In this paper, a solution using the cloud to assist inter-layer interaction and inter-robot negotiation for smart factory is presented. First, a multi-layer framework is proposed consisting of robots, cloud, and client terminals, and these components are interconnected via networks. Second, the interaction process between components across multi-layers is described. Third, intelligent negotiation mechanism for robots to implement self-organized dynamic reconfiguration is designed, especially for the hybrid production of RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) tagged products, which is a flexible and economical configuration for the production of multi-type and small-lot products. Finally, a prototype system for a candy-packing application supporting customization is presented to verify the proposed framework, interaction method, and negotiation mechanism.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cloud computing,Hybrid production,Industry 4.0,Internet of Things,Smart factory
Design and Motion Analysis of a Mecanum Three-Round Omni-Directional Mobile Platform	2017	Xibei Gongye Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Northwestern Polytechnical University	2017, Editorial Board of Journal of Northwestern Polytechnical University. All right reserved.In order, how to improve the assembly simplicity and flexibility of the conventional Mecanum wheel directional mobile platform, it is a kind of Mecanum three wheeled omni-directional mobile platform, which is designed with symmetrical and concentric layout structure. Based on the analysis of the structural characteristics of the Mecanum wheel and the kinematic model of the Mecanum with three wheeled omni-directional mobile platform. The method has presented realization the omnidirectional motion of the Mecanum and three wheeled omni-directional mobile platform in the two-dimensional plane. The Mecanum and directional mobile platform Mecanum omnidirectional mobile platform on three symmetric layout and the conventional four wheel, radial symmetrical layout of motion simulation, analysis of the omnidirectional mobile platform Mecanum three symmetrical layout has been simple assembly, centripetal driving causes have better performance flexibility, better scalability, and puts forward the application potential of industrial logistics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Engineering (all)	Mecanum wheel,Motion simulation,Three wheels of symmetrical and concentric layout structure
Import container inter-arrival time and handling characteristic in marine container terminal with external yard-a case study of Jakarta international container terminal, Indonesia	2017	International Journal of Civil Engineering and Technology	IAEME Publication.Container traffic demand has been increased rapidly in recent years. It creates high occupancy in the container terminals across the country in Indonesia. To keep up the level of terminal service at the high demand in a modest way of capacity expansion, the terminal operator uses the external yard as one of the fastest and cheapest solutions with some limitations. The supporting yard is located outside of the terminal area and connected by the public road which is also used by non-container traffic. To find the optimum operation of terminal - external yards system, the model will address several optimum issues such as location, capacity, and tariff of yards. The performance of a Terminal which operates the external yard needs to be analyzed to measure the benefit of the policy. Analysis of terminal container performance could be done by a deterministic or stochastic condition which was determined by the nature data. Proper analysis approach was needed to be observed based on real data characteristic. This paper aims to analyze the container inter-arrival time and handling characteristic of marine import container terminal. Container data record of the terminal operator was referred and analyzed. Statistical theory of chi-square test was used to analyze datadistribution characteristic. Based on the chi-square criteria, fitting data distribution was conducted for container inter-arrival time, service time, and dwell time data. The distribution data analysis result shown that the data was distributed among several distribution functions. It indicates that the performance analysis of the terminal should be done in stochastic condition approach. YOR and traffic on the connecting road have an important role in connection analysis between terminal and external yard. There is a problem to construct the equation, which correlated the terminal operation and the road due to different time cycle equilibrium. If the equation formulated in hourly, it cannot catch up the container movement characteristics in the terminal. Meanwhile, if the equation expressed in daily, it cannot catch up the road traffic characteristics. Based on the handling process review, It was indicated several choices for a container to pick a server. The container handling process at the terminal operating the external yard is a hard decision-making process. These problems could be addressed using Discrete Event Simulation model based on queueing theory. The simulation can accommodate the need of choosing server algorithm and different cycle time in the terminal and connecting road. The changes of external yards location, capacity and tariff can also be handled by the simulation when the alternatives policies will be done.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Indonesia	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Computer Networks and Communications	Container terminal,External yard,Handling characteristic,Import container
Design and testing of an automated high-throughput computer vision guided waterjet knife strawberry calyx removal machine	2017	Journal of Food Engineering	2017 Elsevier LtdAn automated high-speed strawberry calyx removal machine was designed, built, tested, and evaluated. The three main components of the machine consisted of 1) a strawberry loading and orientation conveyor, 2) a color-based machine vision section for strawberry feature identification, and 3) a synchronized multi-waterjet knife calyx removal system. An overview of the machine as well as a description of the working principles of each component is included. A full-scale model of this machine was evaluated through a 12-week pilot study, during which the machine processed over 70 metric tons of strawberries. Results indicated that the machine could produce an average calyx-free strawberry weight yield of 49.6 percent at a rate of 2270 kg/hr. Furthermore, it was seen that strawberry size had a significant effect on machine efficacy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Food Science	Automated,Calyx removal,High-throughput,Machine,Strawberry,Waterjet knife
Recent advances in hybrid evolutionary algorithms for multiobjective manufacturing scheduling	2017	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2017 Elsevier LtdIn real manufacturing systems there are many combinatorial optimization problems (COP) imposing on more complex issues with multiple objectives. However it is very difficult for solving the intractable COP problems by the traditional approaches because of NP-hard problems. For developing effective and efficient algorithms that are in a sense “good,” i.e., whose computational time is small as within 3 min, we have to consider three issues: quality of solution, computational time and effectiveness of the nondominated solutions for multiobjective optimization problem (MOP). In this paper, we focus on recent hybrid evolutionary algorithms (HEA) to solve a variety of single or multiobjective scheduling problems in manufacturing systems to get a best solution with a smaller computational time. Firstly we summarize multiobjective hybrid genetic algorithm (Mo-HGA) and hybrid sampling strategy-based multiobjective evolutionary algorithm (HSS-MoEA) and then propose HSS-MoEA combining with differential evolution (HSS-MoEA-DE). We also demonstrate those hybrid evolutionary algorithms to bicriteria automatic guided vehicle (B-AGV) dispatching problem, robot-based assembly line balancing problem (R-ALB), bicriteria flowshop scheduling problem (B-FSP), multiobjective scheduling problem in thin-film transistor-liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) module assembly and bicriteria process planning and scheduling (B-PPS) problem. Also we demonstrate their effectiveness of the proposed hybrid evolutionary algorithms by several empirical examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	29	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AGV dispatching,Assembly line balancing,Combinatorial optimization problem,Flowshop scheduling model,Genetic algorithm,Hybrid evolutionary algorithms,Multiobjective optimization problem,Process planning and scheduling model,TFT-LCD module assembly model
Dynamic parse approach of ladder diagram based on binary logic tree on the soft PLC system	2017	Journal of Digital Information Management	This paper mainly aimed to investigate the compiling problem of ladder diagrams (LDs) that coordinate with a soft-PLC system running on PCs or embedded intelligent terminals to accomplish corresponding control functions. The data structure to store the LDs was designed according to the series and the parallel logic relationship among LD instructions. Then the procedure to compile the LDs into a binary logic tree was detailed by adopting the principles of the binary tree, in which the child leaves represent the instructions, and the father nodes reflect their series or parallel relationship. Post-order traverse of the binary logic was used to parse the control logic, and logical expression was employed to proof the correctness of the transformation. The proposed method was compared with one algorithm. Statistical results on time overhead and interrupt response time showed that the proposed method performs better in most cases, indicating its superior capability to run the control logic. Finally, an example of the application in the central air conditioning control area is discussed as the case study to illustrate the proposed methodology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Library and Information Sciences	Binary tree,Energy conservation system,Ladder diagrams,Soft PLC system
Pallet localization detecting algorithm based on laser scanning	2017	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	2017, Science Press. All right reserved.Pallet picking is one of the important links of automated warehousing. An algorithm was proposed for estimating the localization and angle of pallet with lake information, based on 2-D Lidar. It aims at improving the recognition pallet ability of forklift and the flexibility in automated warehousing. A detection model was built to define the geometry relationship between detection region the number of lidar point (detecting the pallet foot), the width of pallet foot and the resolution of Lidar. The algorithm extracted the lines as candidate pallet foot with the improved incremental algorithm and calculate the angle of pallet. Then the dynamic template was created and matched with sliding window, to calculated the position of the pallet. The result shows that the detect region was expend with smaller the threshold number of laser, longer the width of pallet foot and higher resolution of Lidar; the detect region met the result calculated based on the pallet detect model; error on x axis and y axis were ±60 mm mm and ±59 mm respectively; pallet angle error was. With the flexible pallet detecting algorithm, the requirement of localization of warehouse equipment and human was reduced and effect would be enhanced.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Instrumentation	2D-lidar,Detection algorithm,Pallet,Pose estimate
Lane Boundary Detection Algorithm Based on Vector Fuzzy Connectedness	2017	Cognitive Computation	2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.In most actual autonomous guided vehicles (AGV), path finding and navigational control systems are usually implemented using images captured by cameras mounted on the vehicles. This paper presents and discusses a lane boundary detection technique that is necessary for the task of autonomous driving. In this paper, a new method called vector fuzzy connectedness (VFC) is presented to detect and estimate road lane boundaries. First, a preprocessed technique is used to obtain a skeleton image. Based on the result, the curvatures of the left and right lane boundaries are estimated, and the control points are found by the VFC method. Finally, the non-uniform b-spline (NUBS) interpolation method is introduced to construct the road lane boundaries. The proposed VFC method integrates the vector concept and fuzzy connectedness into the lane boundary detection algorithm. As shown in the example results, the proposed method can extract various road lane shapes and types from real road frames even under complex road environments. For navigation tasks, it is necessary to determine the position of the vehicle relative to the road. These results prove that the proposed detection method can assist in a number of actual AGV assistant applications. In the future, some intelligent techniques will be applied to test the AGV system with obstacle avoidance conditions on real world roads.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience	Autonomous guided vehicles (AGV),Lane detection,Vector fuzzy connectedness (VFC)
Interacting multiple model estimation-based adaptive robust unscented Kalman filter	2017	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2017, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.The unscented Kalman filter (UKF) is a promising approach for the state estimation of nonlinear dynamic systems due to its simple calculation process and superior performance in highly nonlinear systems. However, its solution will be degraded or even divergent when the system model involves uncertainty. This paper presents an interacting multiple model (IMM) estimation-based adaptive robust UKF to address this problem. This method combines the merits of the adaptive fading UKF and robust UKF and discards their demerits to inhibit the disturbance of system model uncertainty on the filtering solution. An adaptive fading UKF for the case of process model uncertainty and a robust UKF for the case of measurement model uncertainty are established based on the principle of innovation orthogonality. Subsequently, an IMM estimation is developed to fuse the adaptive fading UKF and robust UKF as sub-filters according to the mode probability. The system state estimation is achieved as a probabilistic weighted sum of the estimation results from the two sub-filters. Simulations, experiments and comparison analysis validate the efficacy of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	29	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Adaptive fading factor,interacting multiple model,robust factor,system model uncertainty,unscented Kalman filter
An efficient General Transit Feed Specification (GTFS) enabled algorithm for dynamic transit accessibility analysis	2017	PLoS ONE	2017 Fayyaz S. et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.The social functions of urbanized areas are highly dependent on and supported by the convenient access to public transportation systems, particularly for the less privileged populations who have restrained auto ownership. To accurately evaluate the public transit accessibility, it is critical to capture the spatiotemporal variation of transit services. This can be achieved by measuring the shortest paths or minimum travel time between origin-destination (OD) pairs at each time-of-day (e.g. every minute). In recent years, General Transit Feed Specification (GTFS) data has been gaining popularity for between-station travel time estimation due to its interoperability in spatiotemporal analytics. Many software packages, such as ArcGIS, have developed toolbox to enable the travel time estimation with GTFS. They perform reasonably well in calculating travel time between OD pairs for a specific time-of-day (e.g. 8:00 AM), yet can become computational inefficient and unpractical with the increase of data dimensions (e.g. all times-of-day and large network). In this paper, we introduce a new algorithm that is computationally elegant and mathematically efficient to address this issue. An open-source toolbox written in C++ is developed to implement the algorithm. We implemented the algorithm on City of St. George’s transit network to showcase the accessibility analysis enabled by the toolbox. The experimental evidence shows significant reduction on computational time. The proposed algorithm and toolbox presented is easily transferable to other transit networks to allow transit agencies and researchers perform high resolution transit performance analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Multidisciplinary	None
Obstacle avoidance strategy of AGV formation based on time efficiency first	2017	Proceedings of 2017 IEEE 2nd Advanced Information Technology, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IAEAC 2017	2017 IEEE.To overcome the high time consumption, unreasonable rotation and poor environment adaptability in obstacle avoidance of wheeled robots formation, a strategy combining heuristic path planning function and optimal formation transformation is proposed, and it is applied to AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle). First of all, a base of common robots formation knowledge and the transformation time is built; Secondly, the optimal obstacle avoidance path is found according to the minimum time-consuming assessment value which was calculated by heuristic function and optimal formation transformation; finally, the robots formation can pass through the obstacle areas in the topology of leader-follower with path smoothing algorithm. Compared with the traditional method, the simulation result shows that the proposed method is more effective and flexible.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Information Systems and Management	AGV,Formation transformation,Heuristic path planning function,Obstacle avoidance,Path smoothing algorithm,Time efficiency,Time-consuming assessment value
A generating procedure for local atomic clock ensemble time scale	2017	Proceedings of 2017 IEEE 2nd Advanced Information Technology, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IAEAC 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper presents a generating procedure of local atomic clock ensemble time scale (LACETS) based on Kalman filter and algorithms used for UTC generation. Frequency prediction error of the clock originated from Kalman method is used to evaluate the predictability. According to this predictability, the weight attributed to each clock in the ensemble is defined in the new weighting algorithm. That is beneficial to reasonably arrange the weights in clock ensemble. The generating procedure of time scale is principally based on clock data filtering and weighting algorithm. LACETS is performed by combining the readings of 7 Cs clocks. It could be useful to various types of clock ensemble for time keeping, especially Cs clock ensemble.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Information Systems and Management	Frequency prediction,Kalman filter,Time keeping,Weighting algorithm
Empirical study on AGV guiding in indoor manufacturing system using color sensor	2017	5th International Symposium on Computational and Business Intelligence, ISCBI 2017	2017 IEEE.The automated guided vehicle (AGV) is one of the main components in the industry. The development of the AGV is getting advance and improve widely according to the high demands in the industry. They are most likely used as a material handling system to achieve flexible manufacturing system (FMS). The technology selections for the AGV are very important to increase the capability and reliability. However, many companies are using the magnetic sensor track; this technique is effective and accurate. In contrast, this technique is costly and inflexible. One of the alternatives that can be effective, more flexible and lower cost is by using a color sensor. In this study an empirical test have been implemented to test and conduct a new algorithm using different types of color sensors. The results show an effectiveness of using color sensors in addition to cost saving due to minimize the operational cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	3	Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Transportation,Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Guiding color sensor,manufacturing system
A fast, efficient technique for finding a path through multiple destinations	2017	IEEE International Conference on Electro Information Technology	2017 IEEE.In a real world situation, employees of different companies or organizations often need to travel to multiple destinations without passing through the same place twice. However, the problem of identifying an efficient path to travel through multiple destinations can be extremely difficult and time-consuming. In this work, I propose an algorithm to find an efficient path in real world scenarios, within a short amount of time. This heuristic uses Dijkstra's algorithm to find different paths between pairs of destinations and then determines the efficiency of each path. It runs in a recursive manner until it covers all of the destinations, including returning back to the starting location. With that, the algorithm creates an efficient path through all of the destinations. As a result, this approach allows people and organizations to save time, and money which could be used in other places. In order to test how beneficial this technique is, I have run several sample test situations involving between 5 and 50 destinations. My data shows that the algorithm produces an efficient path within 20 to 150 seconds, depending on the number of destinations. Since it requires very little time and knowledge, this approach will be quite appealing and useful to the companies and organizations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Algorithms and Theory,Computational Intelligence,Computing in Management Technology,Systems and Software Engineering
Piggybacking on an Autonomous Hauler: Business Models Enabling a System-of-Systems Approach to Mapping an Underground Mine	2017	Proceedings - 2017 IEEE 25th International Requirements Engineering Conference, RE 2017	2017 IEEE.With ever-increasing productivity targets in mining operations, there is a growing interest in mining automation. In future mines, remote controlled and autonomous haulers will operate underground guided by LiDAR (Light Detection And Ranging) sensors. We envision reusing LiDAR measurements to maintain accurate mine maps that would contribute to both safety and productivity. Extrapolating from a pilot project on reliable wireless communication in Boliden's Kankberg mine, we propose establishing a System-of-Systems (SoS) with LiDAR-equipped haulers and existing mapping solutions as constituent systems. SoS requirements engineering inevitably adds a political layer, as independent actors are stakeholders both on the system and SoS levels. We present four SoS scenarios representing different business models, discussing how development and operations could be distributed among Boliden and external stakeholders, e.g., the vehicle suppliers, the hauling company, and the developers of the mapping software. Based on eight key variation points, we compare the four scenarios from both technical and business perspectives. Finally, we validate our findings in a seminar with participants from the relevant stakeholders. We conclude that to determine which scenario is the most promising for Boliden, trade-offs regarding control, costs, risks, and innovation must be carefully evaluated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	1	Software,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Management of Technology and Innovation	architecturally significant requirements,business models,mining automation,software ecosystems,system-of-systems
A design of toxic gas detecting security robot car based on wireless path-patrol	2017	MATEC Web of Conferences	2017 The Authors, published by EDP Sciences.Because a toxic gas detecting/monitoring system in a chemical plant is not movable, a gas detecting/monitoring system will be passive and the detecting range will also be constrained. This invention is an active multi-functional wireless patrol car that can substitute for humans that inspect a plant's security. In addition, to widen the monitoring vision within the environment, two motors used to rotate a wireless IPCAM with two axes are presented. Also, to control the robot car's movement, two axis motors used to drive the wheel of the robot car are also installed. Additionally, a toxic gas detector is linked to the microcontroller of the patrol car. The detected concentration of the gas will be fed back to the server pc. To enhance the robot car's patrolling duration, a movable electrical power unit in conjunction with a wireless module is also used. Consequently, this paper introduces a wireless path-patrol and toxic gas detecting security robot car that can assure a plant's security and protect workers when toxic gases are emitted.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
An automatic tracking and positioning system for automated container terminals	2017	2017 4th International Conference on Transportation Information and Safety, ICTIS 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.To be intelligent, efficient, convenient, energy-saving and environmentally friendly is an important development direction for automated container terminals. Automatic tracking and positioning system is an important part of automated container terminals. In this paper, different automatic tracking and positioning algorithm were analyzed, and an automatic tracking and positioning system for automated container terminals was put forward. The system mainly adopted the pre-aiming point technology. The key technology of the system has been tested in the laboratory of the automatic horizontal transport system of the automated container terminal, and performance was good.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Safety Research,Information Systems,Transportation,Computer Networks and Communications,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated container terminal,Automatic tracking and positioning,Steering
Research on safety monitoring system of workers in dangerous operation area of port	2017	2017 4th International Conference on Transportation Information and Safety, ICTIS 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.The implementations of the safety measures in the handling port operations mainly focus on the safety and reliability of handling equipment. Limit switches and sensors are installed on the handling equipment to ensure the operation safety, but the characteristics of the workers, the dynamic and the intersectional production state which is composed of many factors, man, machine, environment and so on, were ignored. For the high mobility and high risk of the port workers, the dynamic monitoring and the management of the workers on site cannot be carried out with existing technology. To ensure the safety of the ground workers in dangerous port operation areas, a new port ground workers monitoring and safety warning system based on the radio frequency identification (RFID), internet of things, and intelligent alarm technology was put forward in this research. It can provide the real-time, dynamic monitoring for workers on site in case of the danger. In this paper, the system architecture of the wearable data acquisition device, the data processing equipment and the remote monitoring & control center were analyzed. The research achievement in this paper was applied in a port and good results were obtained.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Safety Research,Information Systems,Transportation,Computer Networks and Communications,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Man-machine safety,Port,Safety monitoring
Curb-following detection and navigation of greenhouse vehicle based on arc array of photoelectric switches	2017	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	2017, Editorial Department of the Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All right reserved.In the past 20 years, protected agriculture has been developed rapidly in China, with a total area of 4, 000 kha. A large number of mobile platforms are urgently needed to satisfy the need of operation, and research on autonomous vehicles with navigation ability has been highly valued. For structured hard pressed road surface between cultivation beds in modern greenhouse, curb-following navigation technology is most valuable for autonomous vehicle working in greenhouse. However, present curb-following navigation technologies based on machine vision are too complicated and lack of stability, while navigation technologies based on distance sensing cannot reach ideal accuracy of position/orientation detection. The target of curb-following navigation in this paper was to control the vehicle body within a stable position/orientation relative to the curb based on limited simple high/low level signals from arc array of photoelectric switches. Principle of detection and control of position/orientation based on both arc array of photoelectric switches and ideal control area was firstly introduced, and index Nd that represents the number of triggered photoelectric switches and index Nf which represents the center sequence number of triggered photoelectric switches were introduced to establish a position/orientation detection model. The position/orientation was classified by different thresholds of the two indices which can trigger the corresponding control program of trajectory. And then accurate position and orientation which were calculated by the values of two indexes were used to set the parameters of control program to realize the curb line following navigation in real time. This method can realize precise navigation with just limited number of high-low signals from photoelectric switches. The curb-following navigation accuracy relies on number of photoelectric switches, radius and central angle of the arc array, while triggered time interval between adjacent photoelectric switches must satisfy the need of response of sensing, control and mechanical transmission for a vehicle. Differential controlling strategies for different position/orientation states of vehicle based on arc array of photoelectric switches were also put forward. It was found from experiments that as the speed increased, both the transverse error and course angle of the vehicle displacement would rise. While within the designed speed, neither violent shock nor instability was found. Experiment results also indicated that the deviations of vehicle's position and orientation were kept -35 mm to +15 mm and -5° to +5°, respectively. Relative to the size of the greenhouse vehicle, the error was acceptable which satisfied the curb-following navigation requirement of pesticide spraying, seedling transplanting, transporting etc. in greenhouse. And the control cycle of trajectory was about 2 m along the curb line, which indicated that the vehicle can run smoothly along the curb line under a low control frequency in the greenhouse based on the method above. It was also found that this method could maintain better curb-following navigation accuracy even under interference of sundries if its length was not more than 300 mm, which may meet the actual need of vast majority of the production. In this paper, we proposed new technical ideas for robots running along curb with low cost in the greenhouse.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Circular arc,Curb line following,Greenhouse,Monitoring,Navigation,Photoelectronic switches,Position and orientation
Reactive path planning approach for docking robots in unknown environment	2017	Journal of Advanced Transportation	2017 Peng Cui et al.Autonomous robots need to be recharged and exchange information with the host through docking in the long-distance tasks. Therefore, feasible path is required in the docking process to guide the robot and adjust its pose. However, when there are unknown obstacles in the work area, it becomes difficult to determine the feasible path for docking. This paper presents a reactive path planning approach named Dubins-APF (DAPF) to solve the path planning problem for docking in unknown environment with obstacles. In this proposed approach the Dubins curves are combined with the designed obstacle avoidance potential field to plan the feasible path. Firstly, an initial path is planned and followed according to the configurations of the robot and the docking station. Then when the followed path is evaluated to be infeasible, the intermediate configuration is calculated as well as the replanned path based on the obstacle avoidance potential field.The robot will be navigated to the docking station with proper pose eventually via the DAPF approach. The proposed DAPF approach is efficient and does not require the prior knowledge about the environment. Simulation results are given to validate the effectiveness and feasibility of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Automotive Engineering,Economics and Econometrics,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management	None
The design and development of an Omni-Directional mobile robot oriented to an intelligent manufacturing system	2017	Sensors (Switzerland)	2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In order to transport materials flexibly and smoothly in a tight plant environment, an omni-directional mobile robot based on four Mecanum wheels was designed. The mechanical system of the mobile robot is made up of three separable layers so as to simplify its combination and reorganization. Each modularized wheel was installed on a vertical suspension mechanism, which ensures the moving stability and keeps the distances of four wheels invariable. The control system consists of two-level controllers that implement motion control and multi-sensor data processing, respectively. In order to make the mobile robot navigate in an unknown semi-structured indoor environment, the data from a Kinect visual sensor and four wheel encoders were fused to localize the mobile robot using an extended Kalman filter with specific processing. Finally, the mobile robot was integrated in an intelligent manufacturing system for material conveying. Experimental results show that the omni-directional mobile robot can move stably and autonomously in an indoor environment and in industrial fields.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	32	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Design,Extended Kalman filter (EKF),Intelligent manufacturing system,Localization,Omni-directional mobile robot
Simulation-based Optimization for Site Selection of AGV Charging Mode	2017	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	2017, The Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation. All right reserved.With the development of intelligent manufacturing, automation of production line is improving. AGV (automated guided vehicle) as a necessary device in the automation system, it is important to design its charging system. Aiming at the problem of the site selection of online charging, the software FlexSim was used to build simulation model, based on the operation requirements of an actual assembly shop, in an actual planning process. Through a large number of simulation experiments, the maximum stay location of AGV in the different lines was obtained under the influence of random factors. By comparing the idle and blocked timebefore and after the location as an online charging site, the result shows that both of them are increasing and prove the suitability of selecting this point as an online charging site.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Online charging,Simulation,Site selection
A Leader-path-following formation system for AGVs with multi-sensor data fusion based vehicle tracking	2017	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Caravans composed of vehicles with different functionality or trafficability raise the demand that formation system structure shall allow vehicles to deviate from the path to be followed when necessary. In this paper, a formation system is developed for autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) who follow the path of a leader vehicle while retaining the ability of deviation from the reference path. In addition, it improves robustness of preceding vehicle localization by fusing Lidar tracking, camera tracking results with predecessor's global position within an extended Kalman filter (EKF) in case that one or more sources of preceding vehicle localization is not reliable. The system is applied on real AGV platforms and won the 3rd place in an AGV competition in China.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
A new fractal based reliability model	2017	2017 2nd International Conference on Reliability Systems Engineering, ICRSE 2017	2017 IEEE.Reliability model is the basis for reliability assessment, prediction and optimization. Previous models always describe system reliability based on the state of each component and their relationships, which will bring high computational effort and are not feasible for large and complex systems. In this paper, a new reliability model is proposed for all-Terminal reliability assessment. It is built based on fractal theory and described in the way of iteration with fractal unit and some parameter. The model is applied to a typical fractal network-Koch network, which makes the modeling process based on the fractal unit, and then will bring a simplification for reliability model. The idea in this model can be extended to analyze the reliability in complex systems with extended or self-similar features. Moreover, many cases are studied and the results show that all-Terminal reliability is reduced rapidly with the increase of Koch network size.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Modeling and Simulation	complex system,fractal,Koch network,reliability model
Path planning and intelligent scheduling of multi-AGV systems in workshop	2017	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2017 Technical Committee on Control Theory, CAA.With the continuous development of intelligent logistics, the application of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) increasingly becomes popular in many industrial fields. However, there are a series of problems in multi-AGV systems, such as resource allocation, conflict and deadlock. It is difficult to plan the shortest path for each AGV without conflict and collision in multi-AGV systems. In this paper, a multi-AGV scheduling system in workshop is established by using the unidirectional directed graph method and the A∗ algorithm for path planning of AGVs. In addition, the system is realized by programming and a simulation experiment of 20 AGVs is set up. Finally, the simulation results show that the system can effectively solve the conflict problem of AGVs, and is stable and high real-time. The system is easily extended to their similar multi-AGV scheduling systems, and has a great application value.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	7	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Automated Guided Vehicle,Path Planning,Scheduling
Simultaneous Scheduling of Jobs, AGVs and Tools Considering Tool Transfer Times in Multi Machine FMS by SOS Algorithm	2017	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This article addresses simultaneous scheduling of machines, AGVs and tools where machines are allowed to share the tools considering transfer times of jobs and tools between machines, to generate best optimal sequences that minimize makespan in a multi-machine Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). Performance of FMS is expected to improve by effective utilization of its resources, by proper integration and synchronization of their scheduling. Symbiotic Organisms Search (SOS) algorithm is a potent tool which is a better alternative for solving optimization problems like scheduling and proven itself. The proposed SOS algorithm is tested on 22 job sets with makespan as objective for scheduling of machines and tools where machines are allowed to share tools without considering transfer times of jobs and tools and the results are compared with the results of existing methods. The results show that the SOS has outperformed. The same SOS algorithm is used for simultaneous scheduling of machines, AGVs and tools where machines are allowed to share tools considering transfer times of jobs and tools to determine the best optimal sequences that minimize makespan.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Collision prevention and deadlock formal control method for automated guided vehicle system	2017	Kongzhi yu Juece/Control and Decision	2017, Editorial Office of Control and Decision. All right reserved.To solve the coordinate control problem in the automated guided vehicle system (AGVS), a method based on directed graph to design control programs automatically is proposed. Firstly, the directed graph model based on regional control is constructed by the structure of the AGVS. Then, the concept of extended dangerous region is defined under the condition of partial observation. A method for estimating the number of vehicles in a dangerous region is given, and a control strategy for collision prevention of the guide path is proposed. Finally, two conditions of deadlocks in AGVS are discussed, and a corresponding deadlock control method is given. The effectiveness of the proposed methods is verified by several simulation experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle system,Collision prevention,Deadlock,Directed graph
Reinforcement learning approach for adaptive negotiation-rules acquisition in AGV transportation systems	2017	Journal of Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	In this paper, we introduce an autonomous decentralized method for directing multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in response to uncertain delivery requests. The transportation route plans of AGVs are expected to minimize the transportation time while preventing collisions between the AGVs in the system. In this method, each AGV as an agent computes its transportation route by referring to the static path information. If potential collisions are detected, one of the two agents chosen by a negotiationrule modifies its route plan. Here, we propose a reinforcement learning approach for improving the negotiation-rules. Then, we confirm the effectiveness of the proposed approach based on the results of computational experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	AGV transportation system,Negotiation-rules,Reinforcement learning,State space construction,State space filter
Automated guided vehicle mission reliability modelling using a combined fault tree and Petri net approach	2017	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2017, The Author(s).Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are being extensively used for intelligent transportation and distribution of materials in warehouses and autoproduction lines due to their attributes of high efficiency and low costs. Such vehicles travel along a predefined route to deliver desired tasks without the supervision of an operator. Much effort in this area has focused primarily on route optimisation and traffic management of these AGVs. However, the health management of these vehicles and their optimal mission configuration have received little attention. To assure their added value, taking a typical AGV transport system as an example, the capability to evaluate reliability issues in AGVs are investigated in this paper. Following a failure modes effects and criticality analysis (FMECA), the reliability of the AGV system is analysed via fault tree analysis (FTA) and the vehicles mission reliability is evaluated using the Petri net (PN) method. By performing the analysis, the acceptability of failure of the mission can be analysed, and hence the service capability and potential profit of the AGV system can be reviewed and the mission altered where performance is unacceptable. The PN method could easily be extended to have the capability to deal with fleet AGV mission reliability assessment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	23	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Fault tree analysis,Petri nets,Reliability
Modelling and analysis of queueing network in flexible flow shop with non-equivalent parallel AGVs	2017	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2017, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To efficiently analyze the performance of flexible flow shop with non-equivalent parallel Automatic guided vehicle (AGV), an open queuing network model with finite buffers based on stochastic process theory was established by taking the uncertainty of manufacturing system as well as the randomness of AGV transporting lot size fully into consideration. An improved state space decomposition method was proposed, and the state-space model was built to analyze the coupling effect between non-identical parallel AGVs and work units before and after them on this basis. The state transferring discipline was analyzed with Markov process theory. An iteration algorithm and the calculation method of system performance were proposed. The example results were compared with the statistical results of simulation model as well as the former researches to validate the accuracy of the improved state space decomposition method, and the sensitivity analysis for the system performance were also implemented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Flexible flow shop,Queuing network,State space decomposition
The impact of the availability of resources, the allocation of buffers and number of workers on the effectiveness of an assembly manufacturing system	2017	Management and Production Engineering Review	This paper proposes the application of computer simulation methods in order to analyse the availability of resources, buffers and the impact of the allocation of workers on the throughput and work-in-progress of a manufacturing system. The simulation model of the production system is based on an existing example of a manufacturing company in the automotive industry. The manufacturing system includes both machining and assembly operations. Simulation experiments were conducted vis-à-vis the availability of the different manufacturing resources, the various allocations of buffer capacities and the number of employees. The production system consists of three manufacturing cells – each cell including two CNC machines – and two assembly stations. The parts produced by the manufacturing cells are stored in buffers and transferred to the assembly stations. Workers are allocated to the manufacturing cells and assembly stations, but the number of workers may be less than number of workplaces and are thus termed ‘multi-workstations’. Using computer simulation methods, the impact of the availability of resources, the number of employees and of the allocation of buffer capacity on the throughput and work-in-progress of the manufacturing system is analysed. The results of the research are used to improve the effectiveness of manufacturing systems using a decision support system and the proper control of resources. Literature analysis shows that the study of the impact of buffer capacities, availability of resources and the number of employees on assembly manufacturing system performance have not been carried out so far.	Journal	j	re	Review	Poland	4	Business and International Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Availability of resources,Buffer allocation,Computer simulation,Throughput analysis,Work-in-progress
A comparison of different container sorting systems in modern rail-rail transshipment yards	2017	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2017 Elsevier LtdRail-rail transshipment yards act as central hub nodes within a railway network and enable a rapid consolidation of containers between different freight trains. To avoid an excessive movement of gantry cranes when transferring a container from one train to another, modern yards apply sorting systems where shuttle cars move containers horizontally along the spread of the yard. This paper compares four elementary sorting systems. Specifically, we compare rubber-tired and rail-mounted shuttles and differentiate whether a pure shuttle system or a lift & shuttle system is applied. In pure shuttle systems, a shuttle receives a container from a crane and transports it towards the destination crane, where it serves as a storage device until being unloaded. A lift & shuttle system applies shuttles with an integrated lifting platform, so that they are able to autonomously store and receive containers from a separate storage rack. Both alternatives exist in rubber-tired and rail-mounted versions. As the shuttles are the main driver of the investment costs, we compare the required fleet size for timely supplying given gantry crane schedules within all four systems. For this purpose, we derive suited scheduling procedures. This way, decision support for yard managers having to identify a suited sorting system and to layout a new terminal is provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	6	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Container logistics,Rail-rail transshipment yards,Railway,Sorter scheduling
A computer vision assisted system for autonomous forklift vehicles in real factory environment	2017	Multimedia Tools and Applications	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.Industry 4.0 is an important trend in factory automation nowadays. Among the Automated-Storage-and-Retrieval-System (ASRS) is one of the most important issues for industry. It is widely used in a variety of industries for a variety of storage applications in factories and warehouses. However, the cost of constructing an ASRS is so high that most small/medium enterprises cannot afford it. A forklift system is a cheaper alternative to a complicated ASRS. In this work, a new pallet detection method that uses an Adaptive Structure Feature (ASF) and Direction Weighted Overlapping (DWO) ratio to allow forklifts to pick up a pallet is proposed, using a monocular vision system on the forklift. Combining the ASF and DWO ratio for pallet detection, the proposed method removes most of the non-stationary (dynamic) background and significantly increases the processing efficiency. A Haar like-based Adaboost scheme uses an AS for pallets algorithm to detect pallets. It detects the pallet in a dark environment. Finally, by calculating the DWO ratio between the detected pallets and tracking records, it avoids erroneous candidates during object tracking. Therefore, this work improves the pallet detection to solve the problem with an effective design. As results show that the hybrid algorithms that are proposed in this work increase the average pallet detection rate by 95 %.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Software,Media Technology,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Adaboost,Automated storage and retrieval systems,Forklift,Industry 4.0,Pallet detection
Effective manless vehicle charging system with RFID	2017	International Journal of Civil Engineering and Technology	IAEME Publication.Recent transportation conductors are collect money from passengers and provide tickets. Tickets are printed by papers and also it has date and time, starting and ending place. The RFID license is use to transportation without take tickets. Each person they give money and proof then collect RFID tag. It is unique id. That will be used passengers identification and reduce the travel distance payment. The system controls reduce human error. In this new ticketing system should reduce environmental pollution. Paper ticket throws by passenger. They are polluting the environment. A noteworthy course of action of RFID includes two basic sections: The reader circuit and card, purposes of enthusiasm which are inspected later. The use of RFID has an amazing good position as it is believed to be an essential bit of Internet of Things (IoT). IoT implies an overall framework establishment, associating physical and virtual challenges through mishandle of data catch and correspondence capacities .Identification of things is a huge task before IoT and utilization of Radiofrequency identification in People transportation can be seen as a phase towards realizing IoT.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Computer Networks and Communications	IOT,PTS,RFID
Steady Delivery: Wireless Local Positioning Systems for Tracking and Autonomous Navigation of Transport Vehicles and Mobile Robots	2017	IEEE Microwave Magazine	2000-2012 IEEE.For many players in the service and manufacturing sectors, the cost associated with transportation processes is a key factor in competitiveness and market success. Innovations such as wireless connectivity, RF identification (RFID), and the Internet of Things have already transformed these industries, and this trend-stimulated by modern wireless technologies, wave-based imaging systems, and autonomous driving-is set to continue.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	21	Radiation,Condensed Matter Physics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Design and manage deep lane storage system layout. An iterative decision-support model	2017	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2017, Springer-Verlag London.Block stacking storage guarantees high storage density for end-of-line warehouses in product flow manufacturing systems, which are mostly diffused in food processing and beverage industry. These storage systems, characterized by high volumes per item and limited inventory mix, are organized through storage deep lanes of homogeneous items. Setting the optimal lane depths for the incoming stock-keeping-units (SKUs) influences the overall space and time efficiency performances, as well as the layout of the storage zones, the selection of the proper storage modes and equipment. This paper illustrates an original decision-support model to (1) manage existing block storage warehouses, and (2) to aid the design of new block storage systems from green field. The management of a warehouse (1) deals with the assignment of the incoming product lots to the optimal lane depth, storage mode, and zone in a constrained and capacitated storage environment. The design of a warehouse from green field (2) is aided by identifying the optimal configuration of lane depths and storage modes that minimizes the infrastructural costs. The proposed model is formulated via integer linear programming (ILP) and minimizes mutually the costs generated by space and time inefficiencies. The illustrated results obtained by its application to a real case study from the beverage industry, candidate the model as a tool to aid operative and strategic layout issues in deep lane storage systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Beverage storage,Block storage,Deep lanes,Layout,Optimisation,Unit-load
Autonomous vision-guided bi-manual grasping and manipulation	2017	Proceedings of IEEE Workshop on Advanced Robotics and its Social Impacts, ARSO	2017 IEEE.This paper describes the implementation, demonstration and evaluation of a variety of autonomous, vision-guided manipulation capabilities, using a dual-arm Baxter robot. Initially, symmetric coordinated bi-manual manipulation based on kinematic tracking algorithm was implemented on the robot to enable a master-slave manipulation system. We demonstrate the efficacy of this approach with a human-robot collaboration experiment, where a human operator moves the master arm along arbitrary trajectories and the slave arm automatically follows the master arm while maintaining a constant relative pose between the two end-effectors. Next, this concept was extended to perform dual-arm manipulation without human intervention. To this extent, an image-based visual servoing scheme has been developed to control the motion of arms for positioning them at a desired grasp locations. Next we combine this with a dynamic position controller to move the grasped object using both arms in a prescribed trajectory. The presented approach has been validated by performing numerous symmetric and asymmetric bi-manual manipulations at different conditions. Our experiments demonstrated 80% success rate in performing the symmetric dual-arm manipulation tasks; and 73% success rate in performing asymmetric dualarm manipulation tasks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Fuzzy Behavior-Based Online Command Generation for Unmanned Aircraft Guidance in Rough Terrain Environments	2017	Journal of Aerospace Engineering	2017 American Society of Civil Engineers.This research is aimed at developing an efficient online path planner for unmanned air vehicle guidance in completely unknown three-dimensional (3D) rough terrain environments. A novel algorithm is proposed that directly incorporates the vehicle dynamics in the guidance strategy. A suitable point mass dynamic model is also developed. The flight path forms gradually as a result of applying the guidance commands to the vehicle dynamics. A key feature of this approach is real-time assessment of terrain characteristics and using this information in the guidance procedure. The problem is considered within a fuzzy behavior-based framework. The guidance algorithm uses acquired information from the onboard sensors and rapidly issues commands that will guide the vehicle safely to an intermediate position within the sensor range. Two behaviors are introduced: go to target and 3D terrain following/terrain avoidance. The issued commands are then integrated with adjustable weighting factors. Simulation results demonstrate a significant enhancement in vehicle autonomy level. Intelligent decision-making capability afforded by this approach allows for autonomous and safe low-level flight in mountainous areas.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all),Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Behavior-based approach,Fuzzy inference,Point mass model,Terrain avoidance,Terrain following,Unmanned air vehicle guidance
Data Fusion for Indoor Mobile Robot Positioning Based on Tightly Coupled INS/UWB	2017	Journal of Navigation	The Royal Institute of Navigation 2017.This paper proposes a novel sensor fusion approach using Ultra Wide Band (UWB) wireless radio and an Inertial Navigation System (INS), which aims to reduce the accumulated error of low-cost Micro-Electromechanical Systems (MEMS) Inertial Navigation Systems used for real-time navigation and tracking of mobile robots in a closed environment. A tightly-coupled model of INS/UWB is established within the integrated positioning system. A two-dimensional kinematic model of the mobile robot based on kinematics analysis is then established, and an Auto-Regressive (AR) algorithm is used to establish third-order error equations of the gyroscope and the accelerometer. An Improved Adaptive Kalman Filter (IAKF) algorithm is proposed. The orthogonality judgment method of innovation is used to identify the outliers, and a covariance matching technique is introduced to judge the filter state. The simulation results show that the IAKF algorithm has a higher positioning accuracy than the KF algorithm and the UWB system. Finally, static and dynamic experiments are performed using an indoor experimental platform. The results show that the INS/UWB integrated navigation system can achieve a positioning accuracy of within 0·24 m, which meets the requirements for practical conditions and is superior to other independent subsystems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	28	Oceanography,Ocean Engineering	Adaptive Kalman filter,Inertial Navigation System,Integrated positioning,Ultra Wide Band
Hurricane evacuation planning using public transportation	2017	Socio-Economic Planning Sciences	2016 Elsevier LtdJust before a hurricane is predicted to strike an urban area, millions of people evacuate from impact zones to safer regions. This paper provides a mass-evacuation strategy using public transportation before the strike of a hurricane. The assumptions made are that the evacuation zones, shelter locations, and the time of strike of the hurricane are pre-determined. The evacuation operations commence when the warnings are issued and end when the hurricane strike is predicted to occur. We propose a multi-stage approach. At the first stage is the planning framework, where pickup locations are determined and assigned to shelters, and an initial set of routes is generated along these locations. This is done by weighing each location based on the accumulated demand, and favoring multiple routes to pass through a location with higher demand. In the next stage, each route is assigned a trip number such that 1) routes with higher demand require more trips, and 2) two successive trips to a route are spaced evenly. A simulation tool has been developed to model the dispatching of the given number of buses, stochastic arrival of evacuees, queueing effects at the pickup locations, and the transportation of evacuees to the safety regions. The results from the simulation presented in this paper serve as an evaluation tool for a route design, and a local search heuristic is proposed to effect positive changes in the route design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	17	Geography, Planning and Development,Economics and Econometrics,Strategy and Management,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Management Science and Operations Research	Bus evacuation problem,Disaster operations management,Evacuation modeling,Humanitarian logistics,Simulation modeling,Transit planning
Robust 2D map building with motion-free ICP algorithm for mobile robot navigation	2017	Robotica	2016 Cambridge University Press.A new motion-free iterative closest point (ICP) algorithm is proposed for building a two-dimensional (2D) map for mobile robot navigation. A laser range finder (LRF) sensor is installed on a mobile robot to scan and measure the depth data of the environment to form a 2D map during mobile robot navigation. Because the scanning and navigation motions are performed independently, the scanned data contain distortions from the motions of the mobile robot. To compensate for the distortions, the proposed motion-free ICP algorithm estimates the effects of the dynamic motions of the robot on the scanning process. That is, the motion-free algorithm compensates for the distance measurement errors related to the dynamic changes in the mobile robot's velocity. Experiments were performed with actual velocity changes of a mobile robot to demonstrate and verify the effective performance of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	2D map building,ICP,LRF,Mobile robot,Navigation,Velocity compensation
Fully Expanded Tree for Property Analysis of One-Place-Unbounded Petri Nets	2017	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.This paper proposes a fully expanded tree (FET) approach for one-place-unbounded Petri nets. The FET of a one-place-unbounded Petri net consists of all and only reachable markings from its initial marking. Its applications to liveness and deadlock analysis for such Petri nets are developed. The proposed method has a larger application scope than all the existing methods for them. Several examples are provided to show its superiority over the state-of-the-art methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock,discrete event system,liveness,Petri net,reachability analysis
Liveness Analysis of ω -Independent Petri Nets Based on New Modified Reachability Trees	2017	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.Liveness of Petri nets means all activities in a modeled system can potentially take place and thus implies deadlock freedom. The research on liveness analysis approaches is inadequate. This paper proposes a liveness judgment reachability graph (LJRG) approach to analyze the liveness of ω -independent Petri nets. Such nets can be loosely explained as a class of unbounded Petri nets in which the changes of tokens in unbounded places are not related to each other. This paper proposes several algorithms to transform a new modified reachability tree to a new modified reachability graph and then transform it to an LJRG. It then develops the application of LJRG into the liveness analysis of ω -independent unbounded Petri nets. The proposed method provides a new theoretical method and important tool for the liveness analysis of unbounded Petri nets. It is illustrated via some examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete event systems,liveness,reachability graph (RG),unbounded Petri net,ω-independent Petri net
Decomposition techniques with mixed integer programming and heuristics for home healthcare planning	2017	Annals of Operations Research	2016, The Author(s).We tackle home healthcare planning scenarios in the UK using decomposition methods that incorporate mixed integer programming solvers and heuristics. Home healthcare planning is a difficult problem that integrates aspects from scheduling and routing. Solving real-world size instances of these problems still presents a significant challenge to modern exact optimization solvers. Nevertheless, we propose decomposition techniques to harness the power of such solvers while still offering a practical approach to produce high-quality solutions to real-world problem instances. We first decompose the problem into several smaller sub-problems. Next, mixed integer programming and/or heuristics are used to tackle the sub-problems. Finally, the sub-problem solutions are combined into a single valid solution for the whole problem. The different decomposition methods differ in the way in which sub-problems are generated and the way in which conflicting assignments are tackled (i.e. avoided or repaired). We present the results obtained by the proposed decomposition methods and compare them to solutions obtained with other methods. In addition, we conduct a study that reveals how the different steps in the proposed method contribute to those results. The main contribution of this paper is a better understanding of effective ways to combine mixed integer programming within effective decomposition methods to solve real-world instances of home healthcare planning problems in practical computation time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	4	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Heuristic decomposition,Home healthcare planning,Mixed integer programming,Problem decomposition,Workforce scheduling and routing
The Development of a 3D LADAR Simulator Based on a Fast Target Impulse Response Generation Approach	2017	3D Research	2017, The Author(s).A new laser detection and ranging (LADAR) simulator has been developed, using MATLAB and its graphical user interface, to simulate direct detection time of flight LADAR systems, and to produce 3D simulated scanning images under a wide variety of conditions. This simulator models each stage from the laser source to data generation and can be considered as an efficient simulation tool to use when developing LADAR systems and their data processing algorithms. The novel approach proposed for this simulator is to generate the actual target impulse response. This approach is fast and able to deal with high scanning requirements without losing the fidelity that accompanies increments in speed. This leads to a more efficient LADAR simulator and opens up the possibility for simulating LADAR beam propagation more accurately by using a large number of laser footprint samples. The approach is to select only the parts of the target that lie in the laser beam angular field by mathematically deriving the required equations and calculating the target angular ranges. The performance of the new simulator has been evaluated under different scanning conditions, the results showing significant increments in processing speeds in comparison to conventional approaches, which are also used in this study as a point of comparison for the results. The results also show the simulator’s ability to simulate phenomena related to the scanning process, for example, type of noise, scanning resolution and laser beam width.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iraq	1	Software,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3D LADAR simulator,3D laser imaging,3D laser radar,3D LIDAR simulator
Space Exploration Through Self-Replication Technology Compensates for Discounting in Net Present Value Cost-Benefit Analysis: A Business Case?	2017	New Space	Copyright 2017, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2017.Self-replication technology is a little known technology that is currently under development and that has enormous implications for affordable space exploration. In particular, the prospect of 3D printing of actuators and electronics offers the prospect of realizing a universal constructor, which is the basis of a self-replicating machine. The universal constructor is a general-purpose automated factory that is supported by a number of robotic devices. If programmed appropriately, it can manufacture a copy of itself (as well as other products). We present an overview of self-replication research and its application to colonization of the Moon at very low cost - it offers a means to overcome the high cost of launch through exponential exploitation of in situ resources. Combined with in situ resource utilization, a universal constructor can construct (in theory) almost any product within certain constraints. Indeed, its productivity dwarfs any potential cost reductions in launch costs. We shall focus on defining several critical technological developments. It has potential commercial applications in extremely low-cost manufacturing of solar power satellites for clean energy production for the Earth. Self-replication capability offers a mechanism for offsetting discounting of future revenue (as computed by net present value cost-benefit analysis) by generating exponentially increasing revenue over time. It represents a "Bold" (as advocated by Peter Diamandis) approach for a start-up company, toward which steps are being taken. These steps will be discussed in detail. However, the revolutionary economics will make it challenging to attract capital investment despite eliminating the discounting effect. Nevertheless, a business case can be made despite a long-time horizon of investment due to numerous progressive spin-off applications. Over the long term, self-replication technology could revolutionize space exploration by providing for remote construction of complete (although simple) spacecraft in large numbers from in situ resources. By virtue of this massive productive capacity offered by self-replication technology, missions that are currently considered too expensive or impractical become feasible, for example, space-based geoengineering, asteroid exploitation and/or mitigation, and difficult outer planet locations such as Enceladus, interstellar precursor missions, etc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	6	Aerospace Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Astronomy and Astrophysics,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Tourism, Leisure and Hospitality Management	in situ resource utilization,robotic planetary infrastructure,self-replicating machines,universal constructor
Information systems in seaports: a categorization and overview	2017	Information Technology and Management	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.Information systems have become indispensable to the competitiveness of ports, facilitating communication and decision making for enhancing the visibility, efficiency, reliability, and security in port operations under various conditions. Providing value-added information services and analytics is increasingly important to maintain a competitive edge and to fulfill regulatory requirements. Consequently, it is necessary to survey current information systems both from an academic and practical standpoint. In this paper, we present a classification and a comprehensive survey of information systems and related information technologies applied in ports. As such, the paper provides a state-of-the-art information-centric view on port operations and aims to bridge the gap between industry solutions and academic works.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	31	Information Systems,Communication,Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous)	Big data,Intelligent port,Maritime logistics,Port information systems,Port information technologies,Port operations,Smart port,Survey
StatSym: Vulnerable Path Discovery through Statistics-Guided Symbolic Execution	2017	Proceedings - 47th Annual IEEE/IFIP International Conference on Dependable Systems and Networks, DSN 2017	2017 IEEE.Identifying vulnerabilities in software systems is crucial to minimizing the damages that result from malicious exploits and software failures. This often requires proper identification of vulnerable execution paths that contain program vulnerabilities or bugs. However, with rapid rise in software complexity, it has become notoriously difficult to identify such vulnerable paths through exhaustively searching the entire program execution space. In this paper, we propose StatSym, a novel, automated Statistics-Guided Symbolic Execution framework that integrates the swiftness of statistical inference and the rigorousness of symbolic execution techniques to achieve precision, agility and scalability in vulnerable program path discovery. Our solution first leverages statistical analysis of program runtime information to construct predicates that are indicative of potential vulnerability in programs. These statistically identified paths, along with the associated predicates, effectively drive a symbolic execution engine to verify the presence of vulnerable paths and reduce their time to solution. We evaluate StatSym on four real-world applications including polymorph, CTree, Grep and thttpd that come from diverse domains. Results show that StatSym is able to assist the symbolic executor, KLEE, in identifying the vulnerable paths for all of the four cases, whereas pure symbolic execution fails in three out of four applications due to memory space overrun.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	16	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	program debugging,security,Statistics-guided symbolic execution,vulnerable path discovery
B-PaDY: Robot co-worker in a bumper assembly line: System integration of the prototype	2017	2017 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2017	2017 IEEE.We have been developing a robot, which works in cooperation with workers in an automobile bumper assembly line, named B-PaDY. This robot is not directly involved in the assembly task but performs non-essential tasks for workers. To implement B-PaDY in an actual assembly line, robustness to hand-over bumper are required. However, when an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) brings a bumper to B-PaDY, the AGV is not always in the same position, and B-PaDY cannot grasp the bumper correctly by teaching/playback. Moreover, after grasping the bumper, the robot needs to hand-over the bumper safely and correctly to the workers. In this paper, we propose a method for grasping a bumper robustly by using image processing from the camera input and to hand-over to the worker safely and stably by using a bumper vibration suppression trajectory. Finally, the experiments show the validity of proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Optimization,Instrumentation,Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Co-worker Robot,Image Processing,Vibration Control
Integrated trajectory control and collision avoidance for automated driving	2017	5th IEEE International Conference on Models and Technologies for Intelligent Transportation Systems, MT-ITS 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.This paper presents a method for trajectory control, based on feedback linearization to guide an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV). The novelty of this work, is the adaptation of a reference trajectory with respect to a desired velocity in real-time to avoid collisions using a time-scaling mechanism. Employing this mechanism, collision avoidance by braking is implemented. Implementation and experimental evaluation of the integrated design of trajectory control, time-scaling and collision avoidance is performed on a real AGV platform.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Modeling and Simulation,Transportation,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	None
Color recognition of landmarks using FIS and CIE LAB	2017	2016 International Conference on Fuzzy Theory and Its Applications, iFuzzy 2016	2016 IEEE.Human eyes acquire numerous information and analyze an environment from day to day. Vision sensor is similar to that of human eye. One of research areas of vision sensor is driving control. The role of vision sensor is essential to control driving by controlling system such as automatic car and autonomous guided vehicle not human. Color recognition of the system such as automatic car is important so as to analyze a road sign like as traffic lights. RGB, which consists of red, green and blue, comes generally up when making a division of color in real world. However, it is difficult to recognize color by only RGB information. To recognize color landmarks for driving control, this paper takes RGB and CIE LAB color space into account. By composing these color system, color is determined by fuzzy inference system which is familiar to the way of human thinking. Circular Hough transformation helps to reduce data of an image effectively by extracting region of interest. In sequence, find the highest values about each of distribution maps. The highest values are converted to CIE LAB color space. To analyze and determine color of ROI, fuzzy inference system carry out by inputs which are original R, G, B components and a, b components.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Applied Mathematics,Logic	None
Validation of driving behaviour as a step towards the investigation of Connected and Automated Vehicles by means of driving simulators	2017	5th IEEE International Conference on Models and Technologies for Intelligent Transportation Systems, MT-ITS 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.Connected and Automated Vehicles (CAVs) are likely to become an integral part of the traffic stream within the next few years. Their presence is expected to greatly modify mobility behaviours, travel demands and habits, traffic flow characteristics, traffic safety and related external impacts. Tools and methodologies are needed to evaluate the effects of CAVs on traffic streams, as well as the impact on traffic externalities. This is particularly relevant under mixed traffic conditions, where human-driven vehicles and CAVs will interact. Understanding technological aspects (e.g. communication protocols, control algorithms, etc.) is crucial for analysing the impact of CAVs, but the modification induced in human driving behaviours by the presence of CAVs is also of paramount importance. For this reason, the definition of appropriate CAV investigations methods and tools represents a key (and open) issue. One of the most promising approaches for assessing the impact of CAVs is operator in the loop simulators, since having a real driver involved in the simulation represents an advantageous approach. However, the behaviour of the driver in the simulator must be validated and this paper discusses the results of some experiments concerning car-following behaviour. These experiments have included both driving simulators and an instrumented vehicle, and have observed the behaviours of a large sample of drivers, in similar conditions, in different experimental environments. Similarities and differences in driver behaviour will be presented and discussed with respect to the observation of one important quantity of car-following, the maintained spacing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	4	Modeling and Simulation,Transportation,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	Car-folding,Connected and Automated Vehicles,Driving behaviour,Driving Simulator,Instrumented Vehicle
Three phase high power contactless power supply for harbour automated guided vehicles	2017	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	2017 IEEE.To improve power density of a primary system, several different ways to reach to goal are possible. On way is to increase the primary phases up to a decent number. Increasing the number of primary coils has much advantageous compared to a single phase topology such as increased power density and lower flux density at the outskirts. In this paper a short overview of the whole energy transfer chain will be done, before a finite element design will be shown. The layout for the CPS System is done at an air gap of 300mm. In a later section, the simulation results are compared with the prototype measurements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Efficient services in the industry 4.0 and intelligent management network	2017	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	2017 IEEE.In order to permit competitive, the industry must ensure its technology position, companies must be able to develop services and products quickly and manage logistics and production systems efficiently. The backbone of a successful operation is a reliable, resilient, and secure communication infrastructure. The effective operation of networks is vital to the efficient governance, management, and monitoring of industrial services. The goal is to promote the development of hybrid intelligent systems that are essential for solving complex network problems in industry domain. We propose a new paradigm where the intelligent network management is integrated into the conceptual repository of management information. A key technology for operating large heterogeneous data transmission is the ontology. In this work, we present an intelligent agent founded in Case-Based Reasoning technique and ontologies. After this, we present a case-based prototype performing a task of closed-loop network management upon an industrial network together with first results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	Case-Based Reasoning,Industry 4.0,Network Management,Ontology,Semantic
Improved positioning method for Magnetic Encoder type AGV using Extended Kalman Filter and Encoder Compensation Method	2017	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2017, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.This paper presents an improved positioning method for a Magnetic Encoder type Guided Vehicle (MEGV) using the Extended Kalman Filter and Encoder Compensation Method. The magnetic encoder system is one of several available guidance systems for autonomous guided vehicles using magnetic sticks that are buried at regular intervals (such as near landmarks, turning points, and work places) on designated paths. The system guides MEGVs on a pre-defined path using either of two types of devices: encoders or magnetic positioning devices. The encoder information is used in a range of positions between the magnetic sticks, and the magnetic positioning device is used to correct positioning of MEGV using global positioning of a magnetic stick. However, calculating the exact position of a MEGV is challenging because of errors (cumulative error of the encoder and disturbances in the general magnetic field). Therefore, this study proposes a method, which is a combination of EKF and ECM, for positioning MEGVs. In the proposed method, EKF first estimates the position of the MEGV; then, ECM corrects the error of the encoders. To analyze the performance of the proposed method, a MEGV was designed and developed. The proposed method was compared with three other positioning methods (that use encoders, magnetic encoders, or EKF), and experiments were performed under similar working conditions. The experimental results demonstrated that the proposed method is superior to the other methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Encoder compenation method,magnetic encoder type guided vehicle,magnetic positioning device,positioning
Petri net representation and reachability analysis of 0–1 integer linear programming problems	2017	Information Sciences	2017 Elsevier Inc.In this paper, we investigate a general algorithm for converting the 0–1 integer linear programming problem (0-1IP) into an optimal transition firing sequence problem (OFSP) of a Petri net (PN). The general 0-1IP can be visualized graphically and then analyzed using the PN theory after application of our proposed conversion algorithm. The proposed algorithm is applied to a traveling salesman problem, a vehicle routing problem and an automated guided vehicles (AGV) routing problem. A PN reduction technique is employed to reduce the size of the PN. Valid inequalities are derived using reachability analysis of the converted PN model. These inequalities are imposed on the original 0-1IP. Computational results show that the total computational time for solving an AGVRP with the valid inequalities derived using the reachability analysis is significantly reduced.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	7	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	0–1 integer linear programming problem,AGV systems,Discrete event systems,Optimal transition firing sequence problems,Petri net,Reachability analysis
Research on path planning of parking system based on dynamic time window	2017	Chinese Journal of Engineering Design	To solve path planning problems of accessing cars by AGV (automated guided vehicle) in the intelligent lift parking garage, the strategies of time-sharing use were utilized, and a path planning method of parking system based on dynamic time window was proposed through effectively combining Dijkstra algorithm and time window. First of all, the AGV having task was assigned the priorities by the introduction of priority strategy .Then, according to the task priority order, Dijkstra algorithm was used to plan the shortest feasible path for the AGV having task. Finally, on the basis of feasible AGV's path, multiple AGV collision-free path planning was a-chieved by the method which contained time window initialization, time window real-time update and real-time arrangement .To test and verify the feasibility and effectiveness of path planning algorithm of parking system based on dynamic time window, the intelligent lift parking garage with four AGVs working at the same time was tested in the simulation experiment. The experimental results showed that the proposed method could solve some problems in the multiple AGV path planning, which included poor flexibility, easily arising deadlock conflict and collision conflict, etc .Furthermore, the proposed method also could plan out a minimum-time optimal path for the AGV having task under the premise of effectively solving path conflicts. The results indicate that the method is correct, feasible and effective, and has a better robustness and flexible. Besides, it can effectively improve the overall operating efficiency of the intelligent parking system and reduce waiting time for accessing cars.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computational Mechanics,Civil and Structural Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Dijkstra algorithm,Parking system,Path planning,Time window
Scheduling optimization of container terminal AGV under electricity unsaturation condition	2017	Dalian Haishi Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Dalian Maritime University	2017, Editorial Office of Journal of Dalian Maritime University. All right reserved.The nonlinear characteristics of AGV under electricity unsaturation condition was studied, and the power consumption difference between AGV overloading and no-load was distinguished. A mathematical model was established for the above problems and a practical example was analyzed by CPLEX tool. Results show that vehicle usage in the proposed AGV scheduling scheme falls 17% compared with traditional method, and the average number of unloading and loading increases by 21.43% and 25% respectively. Therefore, the proposed scheduling scheme is effective, which can solve the AGV scheduling problem under electricity unsaturation condition with higher implementation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Engineering (miscellaneous),Ocean Engineering	AGV scheduling optimization,Automatic terminal,CPLEX solution,Electricity unsaturation,Routing optimization
Integrating employee timetabling with scheduling of machines and transporters in a job-shop environment: A mathematical formulation and an Anarchic Society Optimization algorithm	2017	Computers and Operations Research	2017 Elsevier LtdThis paper addresses a ternary-integration scheduling problem that incorporates employee timetabling into the scheduling of machines and transporters in a job-shop environment with a finite number of heterogeneous transporters where the objective is to minimize the completion time of all jobs. The problem is first formulated as a mixed-integer linear programming model. Then, an Anarchic Society Optimization (ASO) algorithm is developed to solve large-sized instances of the problem. The formulation is used to solve small-sized instances and to evaluate the quality of the solutions obtained for instances with larger sizes. A comprehensive numerical study is carried out to assess the performance of the proposed ASO algorithm. The algorithm is compared with three alternative metaheuristic algorithms. It is also compared with several algorithms developed in the literature for the integrated scheduling of machines and transporters. Moreover, the algorithms are tested on a set of adapted benchmark instances for an integrated problem of machine scheduling and employee timetabling. The numerical analysis suggests that the ASO algorithm is both effective and efficient in solving large-sized instances of the proposed integrated job-shop scheduling problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	12	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Employee timetabling,Integrated job-shop scheduling,Mixed-integer linear programming,Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO),Swarm intelligence and evolutionary algorithms,Transportation scheduling
Cooperative cloud robotics architecture for the coordination of multi-AGV systems in industrial warehouses	2017	Mechatronics	2017 Elsevier LtdIn this paper we introduce a novel cloud robotics architecture that provides different functionalities to support enhanced coordination of groups of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) used for industrial logistics. In particular, we define a cooperative data fusion system that, gathering data from different sensing sources, provides a constantly updated global live view of the industrial environment, for coordinating the motion of the AGVs in an optimized manner. In fact, local sensing capabilities are complemented with global information, thus extending the field of view of each AGV. This knowledge extension allows to support a cooperative and flexible global route assignment and local path planning in order to avoid congestion zones, obstacles reported in the global live view map and deal with unexpected obstacles in the current path. The proposed methodology is validated in a real industrial environment, allowing an AGV to safely perform an obstacle avoidance procedure.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	33	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cloud robotics,Data fusion,Logistics systems,Multi-AGV systems,Path-planning
A novel calibration method for industrial AGVs	2017	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2017 Elsevier B.V.We propose a novel calibration method for industrial Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) adopting the tricycle wheeled robot model and equipped with an on-board exteroceptive sensor. The method simultaneously estimates the calibration parameters for the odometry and the exteroceptive sensor using only the input commands and the sensor egomotion of the robot while executing segment paths. Two AGV models, both relevant to industrial practice, are considered: the standard tricycle model and an asymmetric one that takes into account the different weight distribution in forward and backward motions typical of industrial AGVs. The parameters of the standard model comprise the steering offset and driving scale, which measure the angular offset of the tricycle steering wheel and the distance increment corresponding to an encoder tick, and the three parameters representing the sensor pose. The asymmetric model adopts different values for the steering offset in forward and backward motions to account for the different weight distribution. Closed-form or compact solutions are provided for both problem formulations. The observability of the calibration procedure is also formally proved. The proposed automated calibration procedure has been implemented on industrial AGVs, leading to estimation of the parameters in about 12 min, a significant improvement compared with one hour or more required by manual AGV calibration. Experiments with AGVs of various sizes in warehouses have assessed the effectiveness and numerical stability of the proposed approach. The precision of calibration parameters has been found to be about 0.1∘ for angles and 6 mm for positions. Parameters obtained via the proposed automated calibration procedure have allowed different AGVs to accurately stop at the desired operation points.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Extrinsic calibration,Industrial mobile robots,Odometry calibration
Investigating the influences of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) as material transportation for automotive assembly process	2017	Journal of Mechanical Engineering	2017 Faculty of Mechanical Engineering.Optimizing material handling system adds to the performance level of the manufacturing process and at the same time avoid waste of time and cost. A case study at one of automotive manufacturing industry, focusing on observing the material flow between warehouse and assembly shop are done and the result showed the work is manually done. It's caused a longer time in handling the material and risk in damaging parts. Thus, a work presented in this paper is based on real industry situation, with the purpose of investigating the influences of AGV's application in the automotive assembly process. AGV (material transportation) and Pick-To-Light system (part supply system) are used as variable to improve the current case study performance. But in this paper, the result of comparison between transportation is discussed, focusing on the influences of AGV only. A method of discrete-event simulation using Delmia/Quest software was introduced. 2 models for each type of transportation is made in Quest with a very similar assembly process from the real situation in automotive industry and the result is compared to see the influenced of the AGV to the system performance. Based on the comparison, the part supply in the assembly process increase by 70% from its current state. Meanwhile, transportation idle time reduce by 26% and part waiting time at warehouse reduce at most 85%. Thus, transportation utilized more into 30% by applying AGV as material transportation. From the improvement made shows the influence of AGV in case study company as well as manufacturing industry.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Automated material handling system,Delmia/quest,Simulation
Multiple AGVs Scheduling with Time Windows in the Automotive General Assembly Shop Based on the Manhattan Distance	2017	Wuhan Ligong Daxue Xuebao (Jiaotong Kexue Yu Gongcheng Ban)/Journal of Wuhan University of Technology (Transportation Science and Engineering)	2017, Editorial Department of Journal of Wuhan University of Technology. All right reserved.To solve the scheduling problem of material distribution AGVs in the General Assembly shop, the paper proposes an improved two-phase heuristic algorithm based on the layout of the automotive assembly line and develops a mathematical model which aims at the highest utilization and the minimum quantity of the AGVs. Firstly, the material demanding stations with the heuristic sorting algorithm are clustered based on both the Manhattan distance and the time requirements. Besides, according to the results of clustering and the priority of material demanding stations, the optimal paths of AGVs are scheduled. At last, through AGVs scheduling examples in the automotive GA shop, the feasibility and the validity of this method are verified based on the comparison with its former AGVs scheduling scheme.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV scheduling optimization,Concentration of time and space,The layout of the automotive assembly line in the GA shop,The Manhattan distance
Design of Abnormal Event Diagnosis System Based on Petri Net for High-Speed Vehicle	2017	Xibei Gongye Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Northwestern Polytechnical University	2017, Editorial Board of Journal of Northwestern Polytechnical University. All right reserved.High-speed vehicle adopt different control strategies for different fault events in the event of external environment disturbance and servo failure event leading to state instability. In order to enable the vehicle to identify the type of event that causes the abnormal state autonomously, and accordingly call the corresponding processing strategy, this paper proposes a decision system based on decision network for vehicle anomaly diagnosis. Based on the Petri net method, the abnormal event diagnosis system of the vehicle is constructed. By analyzing the influence of the different event on the flight state, the system can make the vehicle autonomously locate the event types that cause the abnormal state quickly by using the matrix reasoning ability of Petri net, with sensor reading of each state quantity as input and event type as output, provides the basis for the follow-up control behavior. Finally, a RLV reentry section is taken as an example. After the various types of faults are injected into it, the correctness of the event diagnosis system is verified by C++ software. The result proves that the diagnosis system can diagnose and distinguish different types of events correctly.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Engineering (all)	Environment disturbance,Matrix reasoning,Online positioning,Petri net,Servo failure
A novel hybrid estimation of distribution algorithm for solving hybrid flowshop scheduling problem with unrelated parallel machine	2017	Journal of Central South University	2017, Central South University Press and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.The hybrid flow shop scheduling problem with unrelated parallel machine is a typical NP-hard combinatorial optimization problem, and it exists widely in chemical, manufacturing and pharmaceutical industry. In this work, a novel mathematic model for the hybrid flow shop scheduling problem with unrelated parallel machine (HFSPUPM) was proposed. Additionally, an effective hybrid estimation of distribution algorithm was proposed to solve the HFSPUPM, taking advantage of the features in the mathematic model. In the optimization algorithm, a new individual representation method was adopted. The (EDA) structure was used for global search while the teaching learning based optimization (TLBO) strategy was used for local search. Based on the structure of the HFSPUPM, this work presents a series of discrete operations. Simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed hybrid algorithm compared with other algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Engineering (all),Metals and Alloys	hybrid estimation of distribution algorithm,hybrid flow shop,scheduling,teaching learning based optimization strategy,unrelated parallel machine
Bi-level programming for supplier selection under quantity discount policy	2017	Scientia Iranica	2017 Sharif University of Technology.This paper proposes two models to formulate a Supplier Selection Problem (SSP) in a single-buyer, multi-supplier two-echelon supply chain network. The model coordinates order allocation and supplier selection problems under all-unit quantity discount policy. In this way, bi-level programming is employed to obtain two models: 1) The model with buyer as a leader; 2) The model with vendor as a leader. The resulted nonlinear bi-level programming problems are hard to solve. Therefore, Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm is used to deal with the complexity of the model and makes it solvable. Numerical results show that the proposed model is efficient for SSP in compliance with order allocation decision making.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Engineering (all)	Bi-level programming,PSO,Supplier selection,Supply chain
Utilizing ground-based LIDAR measurements to aid autonomous airdrop systems	2017	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part G: Journal of Aerospace Engineering	Institution of Mechanical Engineers.Uncertainty in atmospheric winds represents one of the primary sources of landing error in airdrop systems. In this work, a ground-based LIDAR system samples the wind field at discrete points above the target and transmits real-time data to approaching autonomous airdrop systems. In simulation and experimentation, the inclusion of a light detection and ranging (LIDAR) system showed a maximum of 40% improvement over unaided autonomous airdrop systems. Wind information nearest ground level has the largest impact on improving accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Autonomous,guided airdrop system,LIDAR,parafoil,wind field mapping
A hybrid metaheuristic algorithm to optimise a real-world robotic cell	2017	Computers and Operations Research	2016 Elsevier LtdIn this paper, a real-world robotic cell is investigated by transforming it into a special job shop with a set of stationary robots for manufacturing the parts of a product (i.e., operations of a job) at multiple operational stages. In addition, this robotic cell contains a particular mobile robot to transport the parts among stationary robots inside the cell as well as a depot (for initialising the production) and a stockpile (for stocking the complete products) outside the cell. Thus, a new scheduling problem called Blocking Job Shop Scheduling problem with Robotic Transportation (BJSSRT) is proposed. A numerical example is presented to illustrate the characteristics and complexity of BJSSRT. According to the problem properties, four types of robotic movements are defined for a mobile robot in an operation's execution: processing-purpose, depot-purpose, return-purpose and stocking-purpose. By satisfying complex feasibility conditions, an innovative graph-based constructive algorithm is developed to produce a good feasible BJSSRT schedule. Embedded with the constructive algorithm, a hybrid Tabu Search and Threshold Accepting metaheuristic algorithm is developed to find a near-optimal solution in an efficient way. The proposed BJSSRT methodology has practical benefits in modelling the automated production system using stationary and mobile robots, especially in manufacturing and mining industries.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	14	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Job shop scheduling,Metaheuristics,Mobile robot,Robotic cell,Robotic transportation,Stationary robot
Avoiding target congestion on the navigation of robotic swarms	2017	Autonomous Robots	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.Robotic swarms are decentralized systems formed by a large number of robots. A common problem encountered in a swarm is congestion, as a great number of robots often must move towards the same region. This happens when robots have a common target, for example during foraging or waypoint navigation. We propose three algorithms to alleviate congestion: in the first, some robots stop moving towards the target for a random number of iterations; in the second, we divide the scenario in two regions: one for the robots that are moving towards the target, and another for the robots that are leaving the target; in the third, we combine the two previous algorithms. We evaluate our algorithms in simulation, where we show that all of them effectively improve navigation. Moreover, we perform an experimental analysis in the real world with ten robots, and show that all our approaches improve navigation with statistical significance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Artificial Intelligence	Distributed coordination,Navigation,Robotic swarms,Traffic control
Fuel and comfort efficient cooperative control for autonomous vehicles	2017	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2017 IEEE.In this paper, a cooperative fuel and comfort efficient control for autonomous vehicles is presented in order to perform different traffic maneuvers. The problem is formulated as an optimal control problem in which the cost function takes into account the fuel consumption and passengers comfort, subject to safety and speed constraints. The optimal solution takes into account the comfort and fuel consumption, which is obtained by minimizing a jerk, an acceleration, and a fuel criterion. It is shown that the method can be applied to control different groups of vehicles in different traffic scenarios. Simulation results are used to illustrate the generality property and performance of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	2	Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	None
Energy constrained forward collision warning system with a single camera	2017	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2017 IEEE.This paper has conducted the research for developing Forward Collision Warning System (FCWS) with a single camera using energy constrained methods rather than using high computational methods such as optical flow and machine learning. To estimate collision time between ego-vehicle and target object, we set them with 2D modeling; using time, the relative distance and the relative velocity. The proposed algorithm has three stages; generating region of interest, locating target object and estimating time to collision. In the first stage, we used lane detection with Random Sample Consensus (RANSAC) to generate region of interest. The second stage locates target object with shadow detection and edge information which have lite computational cost. Lastly, in the third stage, time to collision is estimated from the differences of the calculated relative distance for each frame. To show the performance, the algorithm was evaluated by comparing the result of the relative distance from the proposed algorithm with the relative distance from ground truth.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	None
Kinect depth sensor for computer vision applications in autonomous vehicles	2017	International Conference on Ubiquitous and Future Networks, ICUFN	2017 IEEE.Unmanned vehicles (Smart cars, drones, robots) need to understand and respond to the surrounding environment in order to perform their tasks. Therefore, they must be equipped with vision capabilities (vision sensors) to let them to detect the presence of objects in their paths or measure how far away objects are from the sensor depending of the type of application. Several technologies have been used to deal with this computer vision application such stereo vision, LIDAR and RADAR but each of them still has advantages and disadvantages in term of limitations and price. In this paper, we developed one of the functions of unmanned vehicles to detect the presence of objects and measure how far they are using Kinect depth sensor, a low-cost range sensor along with its higher depth fidelity and attractive alternative in computer vision. The results showed that Kinect sensor can detect along with segmentation techniques the presence of objects in its field of view and measure how far they are from the sensor. Based on results, Kinect can be mounted on unmanned vehicles like a vision sensor for obstacle avoidance application or other applications which require a vision sensor to measure how far detected objects are from it as well for also manned vehicles to alert drivers but mostly computer vision has a crucial role in vehicles without human intervention.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	7	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture	Depth segmentation technique,Kinect depth sensor,Kinect distance measurement,Object detection,Vision sensor
A simple path planning for Automatic Guided Vehicle in Unknown Environment	2017	2017 14th International Conference on Ubiquitous Robots and Ambient Intelligence, URAI 2017	2017 IEEE.A Simple Path Planning algorithms for Automatic Guided Vehicle in Unknown Environment based on D< lite algorithm is proposed in this paper. The proposed algorithm changes method determining traversal cost of edge between two adjacent nodes to prevent AGV from traversing across obstacle's sharp corners, avoid complicated obstacles and prevent AGV from traversing in between two obstacles. The simulation and experimental results are shown to verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Computer Science Applications,Biomedical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Optimization	Automatic Guided Vehicles,D< lite algorithm,laser sensor,Path planning,traversal cost
Design of HF-band RFID antenna for automated guided vehicular robot	2017	2017 14th International Conference on Ubiquitous Robots and Ambient Intelligence, URAI 2017	2017 IEEE.In this paper, a design method of HF-band RFID reader antenna is presented. We used the formula to calculate the matching value between circuit and antenna without using a network analyzer and applied it to the system and confirmed the performance of RFID reader.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Computer Science Applications,Biomedical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Optimization	Antenna,Autonomous,RFID,Sensor,Vehicle
Machine learning based obstacle detection for Automatic Train Pairing	2017	IEEE International Workshop on Factory Communication Systems - Proceedings, WFCS	2017 IEEE.Short Range wireless devices are becoming more and more popular for ubiquitous sensor and actuator connectivity in industrial communication scenarios. Apart from communication-only scenarios, there are also mission-critical use cases where the distance between the two communicating nodes needs to be determined precisely. Applications such as Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV's), Automatic Train Pairing additionally require the devices to scan the environment and detect any potential humans/obstacles. Ultra-Wide Band (UWB) has emerged as a promising candidate for Real-Time Ranging and Localization (RTRL) due to advantages such as large channel capacity, better co-existence with legacy systems due to low transmit power, better performance in multipath environments etc. In this paper, we evaluate the performance of a UWB COTS device-TimeDomain P440 which can operate as a ranging radio and a monostatic radar simultaneously. To this end, we evaluate the possibility of using Supervised Learning based estimators for predicting the presence of obstacles by constructing a multiclass hypothesis. Simulation results show that the Ensemble tree based methods are able to calculate the likelihood of obstacle collision with accuracies close to 95%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Detection on Proper Wearing of Seat Belt Based on Infrared Mark Vision	2017	Qiche Gongcheng/Automotive Engineering	2017, Society of Automotive Engineers of China. All right reserved.In view of the problem that whether seat belt is properly used or not haven't yet attracted sufficient attention, an integrated detection method of the proper use of seat belt is proposed by means of the three-point safety belt with infrared-ray-sensitive coat marks and based on mark vision and image processing technologies: Augmented reality technology is used to rapidly identify and locate the marks on seat belt, based on which the algorithms of number threshold, fuzzy clustering threshold, curve fitting relaxation and shoulder profile intersection locating are developed respectively to conduct four judgments of weather seat belt is used or not, the wearing forms of seat belt, belt tightness and belt height, and hence achieve the detection goal of the proper use of seat belt. Experiment results show that under various image forming conditions and image background interferences, the identification accuracies of the algorithms used corresponding to above mentioned four judgments are 95.4%, 93.1%, 79.5% and 85.3% respectively with an overall identification accuracy of 89.5%, verifying the correctness, effectiveness and adaptability of the algorithms proposed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Automotive Engineering	Mark vision,Proper use of seat belt,Seat belt detection
Multi-sensor payload detection and acquisition for truck-trailer AGVs	2017	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2017 IEEE.A fundamental task of automated guided vehicles is transporting heavy payloads. These payloads are often given in the form of large containers that are mounted onto a cart with four caster wheels. In this paper we investigate a combined detection and control architecture that allows an AGV to reliably detect and acquire such containers at any location, independently of a global localization system. We propose a solution using a horizontally mounted 2D laser scanner and a forward facing 3D time-of-flight camera to detect the payload. Furthermore we demonstrate the algorithm on an asymmetric AGV that consists of a differentially driven base and a trailer with a lifting unit.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Multi-AGVs Collision-Avoidance and Deadlock-Control for Item-To-Human Automated Warehouse	2017	2017 International Conference on Industrial Engineering, Management Science and Application, ICIMSA 2017	2017 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) is widely applied in many automated manufacturing systems, especially in the e-commerce warehouses recently. When multiple AGVs are running in the limited spaces, lots of issues involved in the traffic management, such as collision and deadlock, need to be well addressed. Based on the digraph model, this paper proposed some effective rules, and applied online control strategies to achieve these goals with both unidirectional and bidirectional paths. Simulations based on practical settings are carried out, and the results verified the effectiveness of rules and strategies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	6	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	AGVS,collision,control strategy,deadlock,simulation,traffic rules
Data envelopment analysis of AGV fleet sizing at a port container terminal	2017	International Journal of Production Research	2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.A decision-making approach based on Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) for determining the efficient container handling processes (considering the number of employed Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs)) at a port container terminal (PCT) is presented in this paper. Containers are unloaded from the ship by quay cranes and transported to the storage area by AGVs. We defined performance measures of proposed container handling processes and analysed the effects when changing the number of AGVs. The values of performance measures were collected and/or calculated from simulation. Container handling process, with a fixed number of quay cranes, when a different number of AGVs is used to transport containers from berth to assigned locations within storage area, represents a decision-making unit (DMU). We applied the basic CCR (Charnes, Cooper and Rhodes) DEA model with two inputs: average ship operating delay costs and average operating costs of employed equipment at a PCT, and two outputs: average number of handled import containers per ship and weighted average utilisation rate of equipment at a PCT. DEA method proved to be useful when testing different DMUs and when determining efficient DMUs for planning purposes. This study shows that efficiency evaluation of AGV fleet sizing and operations is useful for planning purposes at PCTs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,data envelopment analysis,fleet sizing,port container terminal,simulation
Vision based lane reference detection and tracking control of an automated guided vehicle	2017	2017 25th Mediterranean Conference on Control and Automation, MED 2017	2017 IEEE.In this works, a novel lane reference calculation approach is developed in order to define a safe and optimal trajectory to be tracked by a road vehicle. In a first step of the design, the lane boundaries are extracted using a vision based lane detection algorithm, which consists in an homography transformation that helps to extract features from the captured image frames in order to map a set of control points needed to reconstruct the lane path edges. In a second step, a real-time safe optimal reference trajectory is generated that explicitly takes into account the kinematics of a four-wheel road vehicle, a feasible trajectory delimited by the estimated lane boundaries is therefore generated, the planned trajectory fed to the vehicle controller enabling the road vehicle to tracked it. In order to have fast tracking of the reference trajectory, a non-singular sliding mode controller is implemented to achieve finite convergence of the tracking errors. The whole algorithm is applied on a four wheels automated guided vehicle model. Numerical simulations are presented to validate the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	4	Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	None
Autonomous wheelchair navigation in indoor environment based on fuzzy logic controller and intermediate targets	2017	Proceedings of International Conference on Advanced Systems and Electric Technologies, IC_ASET 2017	2017 IEEE.The handicapped person needs more autonomy and flexibility in the home or in a hospital. The electric wheelchair can assist those with walking disabilities in getting around. In this paper our purpose is to have an autonomous navigation for the electric wheelchair in the indoor environment. A method based on the use of an intermediate targets before reaching the final target is proposed. The used framework is considered as a structure of a disabled person home. The kinematic model of the robot is determined. Moreover, a fuzzy logic controller is developed. The proposed method is successfully tested in simulations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	3	Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization,Computer Networks and Communications	Autonomous Navigation,Electric wheelchair,Fuzzy Logic Controller,Intermediate target,Ultrasonic Sensor
Path-planning of automated guided vehicle based on improved Dijkstra algorithm	2017	Proceedings of the 29th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2017	2017 IEEE.In the automated storage and retrieval system (AS/RS), a reasonable path-planning is fundamental for the effective work of AGV. For the rectangular environment map of the AS/RS system, the traditional Dijkstra algorithm can only find one shortest path, and skip over other paths with the same distance. An improved Dijkstra algorithm is proposed to solve the path-planning problem in the rectangular environment, which can find all equidistant shortest paths. The optimal path with both the shortest distance and time is obtained by adding running time to the path-planning evaluation. The algorithm is programmed using Visual C++, and the simulation results show that the algorithm is effective and feasible for path-planning in the AS/RS system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	25	Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization	AGV,Dijkstra algorithm,Path planning,Shortest path,Shortest time
Research on the system technology for automated container terminal	2017	Proceedings of the 29th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper carries out research on handling technology, foreword handling equipment and handling efficiency prediction of intelligent container terminal, puts forward advanced and reasonable intelligent handling working system and foreword handling equipment plan, promotes the development of automated terminal technology in China, lays foundation for further application, provides technical support, lays foundation for further detailed research on intelligent container terminal, promotes the development of container terminal in the direction of environmental protection, energy conservation, automation, informatization, intellectualization and realizes true full-automatic terminal system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization	ACT,Automated Container Terminal,Management Control Integration
Parameter tuning of linear active disturbance rejection controller based on chaotic quantum behaved particle swarm optimization	2017	Proceedings of the 29th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2017	2017 IEEE.Linear active disturbance rejection control (LADRC) can effectively control complicated systems due to its character of high accuracy and strong robustness. The performance of LADRC depends on appropriate parameters. An improved chaotic quantum behaved particle swarm optimization algorithm (CQPSO) is proposed for parameter tuning of the LADRC. The chaos sequence is introduced to improve the diversity of the quantum behaved particle swarm algorithm (QPSO) in order to avoid the iteration trapping into the local optimum. Then the improved CQPSO algorithm is used to tune the parameters of the LADRC that is used to rectify deviation of a differential drive automated guided vehicle (AGV). The simulation results show that the tuned LADRC can effectively overcome the influence of model uncertainty and achieve better performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization	Automated Guided Vehicles,Chaotic Quantum Behaved Particle Swarm Algorithm,Linear Active Disturbance Rejection Controller,Rectify Deviation
Intelligent Vehicles and Materials Transportation in the Manufacturing Sector: Emerging Research and Opportunities	2017	Intelligent Vehicles and Materials Transportation in the Manufacturing Sector: Emerging Research and Opportunities	2018 by IGI Global. All rights reserved.The manufacturing industry has been optimized in recent years due to the rise of new technologies. These advances have paved the way for the development of intelligent vehicles. Intelligent Vehicles and Materials Transportation in the Manufacturing Sector: Emerging Research and Opportunities is a pivotal source of scholarly research on the various aspects of manufacturing vehicles with intelligent technology components. Including a range of perspectives on topics such as material handling, automated guided vehicles, and industrial robots, this book is ideally designed for engineers, academics, professionals, and practitioners actively involved in the manufacturing sector.	Book	b	bk	Book	India	0	Engineering (all),Materials Science (all)	None
Temperature control of an innovative aluminium-steel molds induction preheat process placed on automated laser guided vehicles	2017	Conference Proceedings - 2017 17th IEEE International Conference on Environment and Electrical Engineering and 2017 1st IEEE Industrial and Commercial Power Systems Europe, EEEIC / I and CPS Europe 2017	2017 IEEE.In the production of plastic components based on injection molding, like shoe sole manufacturing, the temperature control and the on-line process optimization are important issues in order to preserve the quality of the plastic components and improve the time performance, while maintaining high product quality. This research proposes an induction preheating control technique based on Model Predictive Controller (MPC) for a steel-aluminium mold for production of soles, performed on an automated Laser Guided Vehicle (LGV) with an innovative induction heating functionality. A thermal model has been studied using a finite-difference approach to describe the mold heating system. The resulting system has been simulated using Simulink/MATLAB. Then, three types of controllers have been modelled in the proposed simulation workflow, in order to compare the different behavior of the system. Due to the high mold thermal inertia, which increases the mold temperature even if the control system turns off the thermal power, innovative controllers are needed in order to track the desired temperature setpoint. The comparison with standard industrial controllers, based on PI and PID controllers, shows the effectiveness of proposed solution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	5	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Environmental Engineering	Automated Laser Guided Vehicles,Footwear Industry,Injection Molding,Model Predictive Controller,Preheating Molds,Temperature Control
Real-time vehicle navigation using modified A∗ algorithm	2017	2017 International Conference on Emerging Trends and Innovation in ICT, ICEI 2017	2017 IEEE.Recently Government of India launched Smart City Mission to make cities more citizen friendly. This research which is motivated by the mission, proposes a way to improvise user navigation by estimating the point of interest (POI) and the shortest path to reach the point of interest. Today, Location Based Services (LBS) and Geographical Information Services (GIS) are mostly used services in the mobile environment because they provide a lot of benefits such as real-time navigation, location tracking, traffic control etc. However, if these services are made 'intelligent', it will save resources such as time, fuel etc. Currently, most of the navigation system are static. They do not consider real-time navigation parameters like current speed, road traffic etc. We propose a dynamic navigation system that recommends the route to the desired point of interests using these parameters and thereby aiming to improve the accuracy of navigation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Location Based service,Single source shortest path,Traffic
Robust controller design for an autonomous underwater vehicle	2017	9th International Conference on Advanced Computational Intelligence, ICACI 2017	2017 IEEE.The control of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) is challenging because of its highly nonlinear and time-varying dynamics Fuzzy logic has the ability to model any nonlinear system. Recently/interval Type-2 Fuzzy logic (IT2FL) has gained interest due to its inherent ability to handle uncertainties. The purpose of this study is to employ IT2FLC for the control of an AUV Simulation experiments have been carried out. Results indicate that Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Control (IT2FLC) has superior performance than Type-1 Fuzzy Logic Control in the presence of noise and parameter variations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization	autonomous underwater vehicle,interval type-2 fuzzy logic,robust controller
Mobile robot localization and object description	2017	2017 18th International Carpathian Control Conference, ICCC 2017	2017 IEEE.The indoor localization of the robot is key issue to successful navigation. In the paper there is description of optical based localization methods and the image processing methods that can provide valuable information during localization and navigation process of mobile robot. These methods can be used as well as for tracking of moveable object as well as for description stationary objects in the scenery. The localization can be enhanced by artificial landmarks, for object description can be used tags e.g. QR codes. The paper describes low cost implementation of supportive localization system based on Raspberry Pi and Pi Camera platform. The OpenCV library is used for image processing and pattern matching.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	image processing,localization methods,Mobile robotics,object description
Optimal stack layout in a sea container terminal with automated lifting vehicles	2017	International Journal of Production Research	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Container terminal performance is largely determined by its design decisions, which include the number and type of quay cranes, stack cranes, transport vehicles, vehicle travel path and stack layout. We investigate the orientation of the stack layout (parallel or perpendicular to the quayside) on the throughput time performance of the terminals. Previous studies in this area typically use deterministic optimisation, and a few studies use probabilistic travel times and simulation to analyse the effect of stack layout on terminal throughput times. In this research, we capture the stochasticity with an integrated queuing network modelling approach to analyse the performance of container terminals with parallel stack layout using automated lifting vehicles. Using this analytical model, we investigate 1008 parallel stack layout configurations on throughput times and determine the optimal stack layout configuration. We find that, assuming an identical width of the internal transport area, container terminals with parallel stack layout perform better (from 4–12% in terms of container throughput times) than terminals with a perpendicular stack layout.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	container terminal,facility layout,parallel vs. perpendicular stack layout,queuing models,simulation
Dual-spring AGV shock absorption system design: Dynamic analysis and simulations	2017	2017 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, ROBIO 2017	2017 IEEE.Currently, AGVs (Auto Guided Vehicles) are the most widely used type of mobile robot in real world for logistics and intelligent manufacturing. While most of indoor AGVs do not have a special requirement on shock absorption systems, it remains a major concern for the outdoor AGVs' application. Compared with most of the current mono-spring absorption system designs, which means that all the spring dampers have identical elastic coefficient, dual-spring designs have an advantage in obstacle-crossing capability and shock absorption performances. This paper studies and validates the enhanced outdoor working performances of AGVs with dual-spring shock absorption systems. Theoretical dynamic analysis has been conduct to reveal the advantages in shock absorption characteristics. A series of simulation experiments have been performed to verify its advantages in stability and obstacle-crossing capabilities compared to conventional mono-spring absorption designs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	None
A new proposal for localization of omni-directional mobile robot by DM tag in indoor environment	2017	2017 IEEE International Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems, CIS 2017 and IEEE Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics, RAM 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.A conventional omni-directional mobile robot typically uses odometry as the localization technique that has the advantage of continuous positioning. However, odometry inevitably suffers from errors accumulating over time, because of wheel slippage, unequal wheels diameter and so on. Therefore, this paper proposes a relative localization algorithm to accurately locate the robot by fusing odometry and equidistant landmarks. In our work, DM tags deployed in a grid-like pattern on the ground are used as artificial landmarks to correct the odometry error by using Unscented Kalman filtering(UKF) fusion algorithm. All DM tags are the same in this work so that the damaged tags can be quickly replaced with new ones. This is very useful for the application in a large area. Experiments show that this approach can achieve good feasibility and higher localization precision than using only odometry.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Aerospace Engineering	Data Matrix,landmark,odometry,omni-directional mobile robot,relative localization,UKF
AAGV: A Cluster Based Multicast Routing Protocol for Autonomous Aerial and Ground Vehicles Communication in VANET	2017	Proceedings - 2017 International Conference on Frontiers of Information Technology, FIT 2017	2017 IEEE.The Autonomous Ground Vehicles (AGVs) are developed to perform the rescue operations independently for providing safety to human lives such as in mines detection and clearance operations. The performance of these AGVs has been enhanced in our previous work by implementing the Vehicular Ad Hoc Network (VANET) among these vehicles. In this piece of research, the Autonomous Aerial and Ground Vehicles (AAGVs) routing protocol has been proposed, in which the aerial vehicles are introduced to overcome the limitations of AGVs communication for disseminating the Mines Detection Messages (MDMs). Additionally, the cluster based scheme is designed in such a way that the AAGVs protocol can adapt itself in real time without affecting its performance by maintaining stable Inter-Vehicular Communication (IVC) links. The simulation of the proposed protocol in Network Simulator illustrates that the delay and overhead have been reduced. On the other hand, the packet delivery ratio and throughput have been increased by adopting the multicast communication approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Pakistan	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	aerial vehicles,autonomous ground vehicles,cluster,mines,multicast communication,vanet
Material distribution route planning for multiple automated guided vehicles with split deliveries by order	2017	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2017, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To improve the work efficiency and reduce the distribution cost, the material distribution route planning problem for multiple automated guided vehicles was analyzed, and it was formulated as a vehicle routing problem with soft time windows and split deliveries by order. By taking the minimum number of automated guided vehicles utilization, the lowest total travel cost and the time window deviation as the first and second optimization objective respectively, and combining with constraints such as the maximum route length, vehicle capacity, split deliveries by order and the satisfaction rate of time window, a corresponding mathematical model was constructed. An adaptive tabu search algorithm was designed to solve the problem. To enhance the searching capability, some strategies such as adaptability, random tabu length and reinitializing tabu list were added to the algorithm. Computational results by the proposed algorithm on Solomn benchmark problems were provided and compared with other methods in the literature. The comparison results showed that more savings on both the number of automated guided vehicles used and the travel cost were obtained, and the results were equal to or close to the best known solutions for benchmark problems in the literature, which reflected the effectiveness of the algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Distribution routing planning,Soft time windows,Split deliveries by order,Tabu search,Vehicle routing problem
A Temporised Conflict-Free Routing Policy for AGVs	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2017This paper deals with the conflict avoidance problem of an Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) system, in a Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). Regarding the complexity of this kind of problems, it has generated many works to find an optimal strategy for scheduling and routing AGVs. In this paper, we propose a new strategy based on a temporal logic, modelled using time Petri nets. It consists in imposing suitable delays on an AGV in order to avoid a critical situation with another AGV. We built an algorithm including three main stages. In the first one, we test the evolution of our system. In the second stage, we calculate our suitable delay, if it exists, by testing the different critical scenario cases. In the last stage, we assign the delays and update the system. The validity of the algorithm is proven mathematically, and its feasibility is shown using a simulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	6	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV),conflict avoidance,discrete event simulation (DES),temporal logic,time Petri nets
LADRC-based AGV trajectory tracking controller design and parameter tuning	2017	Beijing Huagong Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexueban)/Journal of Beijing University of Chemical Technology (Natural Science Edition)	2017, Editorial Board of Journal of Beijing University of Chemical Technology (Natural Science Edition). All right reserved.Automatic guided vehicles (AGV) are an important transport tool in logistics systems. The AGV trajectory tracking problem is discussed in this work. The nonlinear multi-input multi-output control system is decoupled into several independent single-input single-output linear control loops by decomposing the velocity of AGV into the components in the X and Y directions. In addition, a controller for trajectory tracking of AGV is designed based on the linear active disturbance rejection control (LADRC). The paper introduces chaos search into the quantum-behaved particle swarm optimization (QPSO) algorithm to solve the flaws of easy plunging into local optimum, and then the improved chaos quantum-behaved particle swarm optimization (CQPSO) algorithm is used to tune the parameters of LADRC. The simulation results show that the proposed method is effective and feasible.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Chemical Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle(AGV),Chaos quantum-behaved particle swarm optimization(CQPSO),Linear auto disturbance rejection control(LADRC),Trajectory tracking
A RFID-enabled positioning system in automated guided vehicle for smart factories	2017	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2017 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersSmart factory, as one of key future for our industry, requires logistics automation within a manufacturing site such as a shop floor. Automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems may be one solution, whose accuracy will be influenced by some factors. This paper presents a radio frequency identification (RFID)-enabled positioning system in AGV for smart factory. Key impact factors on AGV's accuracy such as magnetic field in circular antenna, circular magnetic field, and circular contours stability are examined quantitatively. Based on the examinations, simulation studies and a testbed are carried out to evaluate the feasibility and practicality of the proposed approach. It is observed that large diameter antennas are used in driving zone and small diameter antennas are used in parking zone. This approach was compared with another method using passive RFID tags and it is superior to that method with greatly reduced tags’ deployment. Observations and lessons from simulation and testbed studies could be used for guiding automatic logistics within a smart manufacturing shop floor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	43	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,CPS,Positioning,RFID,Smart Factory
Assignment and Coordination of Autonomous Robots in Container Loading Terminals	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2017The efficient transfer of containers from the storage area to the loading area is an important problem faced in container handling facilities. Although mobile autonomous robots are ideally suited for addressing this problem, their application requires the solution of challenging scheduling and routing problems. In this work, we consider the combined solution of such problems in a specific setting which exhibits unique characteristics in terms of topology configuration and movement freedom, introducing new challenges. We use the concept of Abstract Time-Windows to represent the movement of the robots and define the conditions and operations necessary for detecting and resolving conflicts between the robots. We develop a low-complexity heuristic approach that provides fast, close-to-optimal solution to the problem. Performance evaluation demonstrates that the heuristic approach generates solutions within 5% of the optimal solution while executing six orders of magnitude faster.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Cyprus	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous robots,container handling facility,coordination,multi-robot assignment,optimization
The IRT-Buggy – Vehicle Platform for Research and Education	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2017This paper presents the “IRT-Buggy”, a model vehicle that is designed as a platform for research and education and that is developed at RWTH Aachen University. With two steered front wheels and two powered rear wheels, it can reach speeds of approx. 45km/h at a weight of slightly over 60kg. The vehicle's non-holonomous 2D kinematics are very comparable to the ones of a typical passenger vehicle. It is equipped with sensors that in similar form are also found in passenger vehicles, such as wheel speed sensors, inertial sensors and a GNSS sensor. Throughout the development of the model vehicle, special attention is paid to making the vehicle as useful as possible for control engineering tasks. For example, the electronic interfaces are designed in such a way that easy and intuitive access to all essential vehicle functions is granted while at the same time flexibility is not compromised due to oversimplification. The vehicle's operational concept allows new users to quickly operate the vehicle safely and to begin experimenting. Mechanisms are implemented that provide certain protection from maloperation. At the same time, experienced users can have full access to the actuation capabilities of the vehicle at different levels. The IRT-Buggy is intended to be usable by students in an educational context, but also to serve as a serious experimental platform for control engineering research, with no conceptual drawbacks compared to a “real” passenger vehicle other than the obvious limitations due to size, power or achievable speed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous driving,Control engineering education,Model vehicle,Navigation
Design tool for development and performance analysis of omni-directional AGVs	2017	2017 Pattern Recognition Association of South Africa and Robotics and Mechatronics International Conference, PRASA-RobMech 2017	2017 IEEE.This document serves to discuss the creation, and use of software targeted at designing and optimising swerve drive AGVs. Specifically relating to design calculations such as drive train design, suspension design and power systems requirements to fast track implementation of task specific AGVs. It is hoped that software such as this can be implemented in the design process to streamline design tasks and eliminate 'by hand' iterative calculations so as to significantly reduce design time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	1	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture	AGV,Automatic Guided Vehicles,Design process,Optimisation,Swerve drive
Optimal Trajectory Tracking Control for Automated Guided Vehicles	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016This work presents a control strategy for the trajectory tracking problem of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). In contrast to the current methods, this design strategy remains invariant and flexible to arbitrary number of wheels. A three-stage cascade control strategy is proposed in which the control design for the vehicle chassis is separated from the wheel-tire modules. For a given vehicle reference trajectory, the outer controller determines the required forces and moment inputs to the vehicle chassis in a time-receding fashion. At the second stage, the required forces and moment inputs are optimally allocated for each wheel and tire. At each wheel-tire module, a nonlinear controller is used to determine the actual control input for the wheel actuators. The performance of the presented control strategy is illustrated through simulation results with a realistic driving scenario for a six-wheeled vehicle. We demonstrate that the proposed controller architecture is configurable for an arbitrary number of wheels and capable of handling large steering angles efficiently.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous Vehicles,Decentralized Control,Motion control,Path Following,Systems,Trajectory Tracking
Optimized Multi-Agent Routing in Guidepath Networks	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2017This paper describes a heuristic algorithm for minimizing the makespan required to route a set of agents inhabiting a shared guidepath network from their initial locations to their respective destinations. The work is motivated by the operations taking place in the context of some unit-load material handling systems, like the zone-controlled AGV systems, and in quantum computers. This document presents a description of the considered problem and of the inner workings of the proposed algorithm, a complexity analysis of this algorithm, and a set of computational results that reveal the efficacy of the derived solutions. The paper concludes with some directions for future research on the considered problem and the further development of the presented results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Control and Systems Engineering	combinatorial scheduling,conflict management,deadlock avoidance,Guidepath-based transport systems,multi-agent routing
Multi-AGV path planning with double-path constraints by using an improved genetic algorithm	2017	PLoS ONE	2017 Han et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.This paper investigates an improved genetic algorithm on multiple automated guided vehicle (multi-AGV) path planning. The innovations embody in two aspects. First, three-exchange crossover heuristic operators are used to produce more optimal offsprings for getting more information than with the traditional two-exchange crossover heuristic operators in the improved genetic algorithm. Second, double-path constraints of both minimizing the total path distance of all AGVs and minimizing single path distances of each AGV are exerted, gaining the optimal shortest total path distance. The simulation results show that the total path distance of all AGVs and the longest single AGV path distance are shortened by using the improved genetic algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	16	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Multidisciplinary	None
Re-scheduling of AGVs Steady State Flow	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2017The paper's objective concerns assessing a mesh-like supply network of periodically acting local transportation modes from the perspective of possible re-scheduling the multimodal flows of jobs assigned to certain technological routes passing through common shared workstations. The considered reference model of a Material Transportation Network (MTN), where several heterogeneous means of material handling, e.g. AGVs, hoists, lifts, etc., interact with each other via common shared workstations, enables the formulation of scheduling and re-scheduling tasks in the context of a Periodic Vehicle Routing Problem. The main problem is in essence to identify conditions guaranteeing transient period free re-scheduling of cyclic steady state flows of multimodal processes and local transportation processes supporting their execution. Such sufficient conditions allows one to replace the exhaustive search for the admissible flows control by design of regular structure material handling system, i.e. to solve the considered class of re-scheduling problems online. The proposed methodology behind re-scheduling cyclic steady state production flows executed in regular-structure MTNs is clarified through multiple illustrative examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Control and Systems Engineering	cyclic scheduling,declarative modelling,fleet of AGVs,multimodal process,Periodic Vehicle Routing Problem,re-scheduling
Complete coverage path planning algorithm for known 2d environment	2017	RTEICT 2017 - 2nd IEEE International Conference on Recent Trends in Electronics, Information and Communication Technology, Proceedings	2017 IEEE.Path-planning is an important primitive for autonomous mobile robots that lets robots find the optimal path between two points. Typical path-planning algorithms deal with finding an optimized path from start to end using a map of the environment and the robot to be aware of its location with respect to the map. Complete coverage path planning algorithm, on the other hand, is used in application where an autonomous mobile robot is required to visit all the points at least once in the given environment size with known obstacles. In this paper, a complete coverage path planning algorithm is developed and tested on a actual hardware. The algorithm is development for a known 2D environment with static obstacles with an optimization on minimal coverage time. The scaling of computational time with increasing map sizes and simulation results for different types of obstacle geometries are also presented. This kind of algorithm can be used for area inspection, cleaning robots, painter robot, land mine detectors, lawn mowers, agricultural field machines etc.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	3	Computer Science Applications,Media Technology,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation,Transportation,Communication,Computer Networks and Communications	Autonomous Guided Vehicle,Coverage Path Planning,MATLAB Simulation,Obstacle Avoidance
A decomposition method with discrete abstraction for simultaneous traffic signal control and route selection problem with first-order hybrid Petri Nets	2017	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2017 IEEE.We propose a decomposition method for simultaneous traffic signal control and route selection problem with first-order hybrid Petri Nets. The traffic signal control problem is formulated as an optimal firing sequence problem for first order hybrid Petri Nets where a passage of the vehicles is represented by the real number of vehicles and discrete states represent the traffic signal states. A simultaneous traffic signal control and route selection model is developed with the selection of the route for a specific vehicle with traffic flows with the same traffic signals. A discrete abstraction model is introduced to reduce the computational expense for the Lagrangian relaxation technique. Computational results show the superiority of the discrete abstraction model over existing methods.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Distributed Model Predictive Control for Highway Maneuvers	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2017This paper describes a cooperative control method for autonomous vehicles, in order to perform different traffic maneuvers. The problem is formulated as a distributed optimal control problem for a system of multiple autonomous vehicles with an identified model and then solved using nonlinear Model Predictive Control (MPC). The distributed approach has been used in order to make the problem computationally feasible to be solved in real-time. In the proposed method, each vehicle computes its own control inputs using estimated states of neighboring vehicles. The constraints on the control inputs ensure the comfort of passengers. The method allows us to construct a cost function for several different scenarios in which safety and performing the maneuver constitute two terms of the integrated cost of the finite horizon optimization problem. To provide safety, a potential function is introduced for collision avoidance. Simulation results show that the distributed algorithm scales well with increasing number of vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	5	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated vehicles,Cooperative systems,MPC,Optimization
An Automated Parallel Parking Strategy Using Reach Control Theory	2017	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2017We propose a novel method of parallel parking using reach control theory. Reach control is a hybrid control method to achieve complex control objectives. It relies on triangulating the state space, devising a desired sequence of simplices or polytopes that a trajectory needs to pass through to complete a task, and then constructing a separate closed-loop controller on each polytope that enables the system state to move on to the next member of the sequence. For the parallel parking task, we design a state space consisting of eight polytopes, and we use an automated procedure to construct a continuous piecewise-affine controller for each polytope. Extensive simulations demonstrate the robustness of the approach: a vehicle starting from an acceptable initial position performs the maneuver safely and comes to a stop in the desired parking area.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	5	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Parallel Parking,Piecewise Affine Feedback,Safety Analysis,Switching Control
Fast ADMM for Distributed Model Predictive Control of Cooperative Waterborne AGVs	2017	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	1993-2012 IEEE.This brief proposes a distributed predictive path following controller with arrival time awareness for multiple waterborne automated guided vessels (waterborne AGVs) applied to interterminal transport (ITT). The goal is to design an efficient cooperative distributed algorithm that solves local problems in parallel and minimizes an overall objective. We model the ITT problem using waterborne AGVs with independent dynamics and objectives but coupling collision avoidance constraints. The problem is then solved by distributed model predictive control (DMPC) of which the parallelism is realized using the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). Successive linearizations are utilized to maintain a tradeoff among computational complexity, optimality, and ease of decomposition. Moreover, we propose a fast ADMM by iteratively incorporating in local problems adaptive global information to improve convergence rates. Simulation results for an ITT case study illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms for DMPC of time-varying networks in general and cooperative distributed waterborne AGVs in particular.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Collision avoidance,cooperative parallel control,distributed model predictive control (DMPC),fast alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM),waterborne automated guided vessels (waterborne AGVs)
Design pattern for agent based production system control - A survey	2017	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2017 IEEE.Multi-agent systems (MAS) are an implementation paradigm frequently used within control system design for flexible production systems. Over the years a larger set of MAS based control architectures have been developed with different intentions and system focus. These different architectures can now be reviewed to identify common design pattern potentially being applicable within the design of new and advanced agent-based control architectures as best practice. This identification is the main aim of this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	design pattern,multi agent system,Production system control
Proposal of Wide-Area Sensing in Wireless Charging System via Magnetic Resonance Coupling	2017	Electrical Engineering in Japan (English translation of Denki Gakkai Ronbunshi)	2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.Recently, wireless charging via magnetic resonance coupling has gained attention because it has the potential of efficient midrange wireless charging. Here, functions such as sensing at the transmitter and wireless communication from the target are the essential elements to realize a standard wireless charging system. Currently, the sensing and communication protocol of the hardware (i.e., the high-frequency power source and antenna configuration) compatible with wireless charging is gaining attention in terms of its cost and space reduction due to the use of common components for multiple functions. However, this protocol has the problem of narrow effective areas due to the fact that the sensing range depends on the fixed Q factor of the antenna. To overcome this problem, the concept of wide-area sensing based on a Q controllable antenna is proposed, and the effectiveness is verified through a theoretical analysis and an experiment. As a result, it is clarified that the effective area can be expanded up to a ratio of the distance g between the transmitting and receiving antennas to the inner diameter d of the antenna g/d = 5.0.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	coupling coefficient,distance sensor,magnetic resonance coupling,Q controllable antenna,sensing,wide-area
A Fully Automatic Calibration Algorithm for a Camera Odometry System	2017	IEEE Sensors Journal	2001-2012 IEEE.This paper focuses on the calibration of a mobile robot system with odometry and a monocular camera. Most current approaches are based on either batch optimization or Bayesian filter, which require a good initial guess to obtain the optimal calibration results. In this paper, a two-step calibration algorithm is proposed for a fully automatic calibration of the camera-odometry system, consisting of: 1) a non-iterative auto initialization step for spatial extrinsic calibration based on the landmark measurements and 2) a joint optimization step to estimate both the spatio-temporal extrinsic parameters and the odometric parameters. By exploiting the planar constraints of landmark measurements, our auto initialization method can achieve better accuracy compared with the current solutions. Experiments are conducted based on both the simulation data sets and also the real world data sets collected from an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) system, which validate our algorithm compared with a VO-based non-iterative method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	7	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Calibration,mobile robot
The development of a Human Factors Readiness Level tool for implementing industrial human-robot collaboration	2017	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2017, The Author(s).The concept of industrial human-robot collaboration (HRC) is becoming increasingly attractive as a means for enhancing manufacturing productivity and product. However, due to traditional preventive health and safety standards, there have been few operational examples of true HRC, so it has not been possible to explore the organisational human factors that need to be considered by manufacturing organisations to realise the benefits of industrial HRC until recently. Charalambous, Fletcher and Webb (2015) made the first attempt to identify the key organisational human factors for the successful implementation of industrial HRC through an industrial exploratory case study. This work enabled (i) development of a theoretical framework of key organisational human factors relevant to industrial HRC and (ii) identification of these factors as enablers or barriers. Although identifying the key organisational human factors (HF) was an important step, it presented a crucial question: when should practitioners involved in HRC design and implementation consider these factors? New industrial processes are typically designed and implemented using a maturity or readiness evaluation system, but these do not incorporate of or link to any formal considerations of HF. The aim of this paper is to expand on the previous findings and link the key human factors in the theoretical framework directly to a recognised industrial maturity readiness level system to develop a new Human Factors Readiness Level (HFRL) tool for system design practitioners to optimise successful implementation of industrial HRC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automation acceptance,Human factors,Human-robot collaboration,Industrial robots,Intelligent automation,Technology readiness
Collision and deadlock avoidance in multirobot systems: A distributed approach	2017	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2017 IEEE.Collision avoidance is a critical problem in motion planning and control of multirobot systems. Moreover, it may induce deadlocks during the procedure to avoid collisions. In this paper, we study the motion control of multirobot systems where each robot has its own predetermined and closed path to execute persistent motion. We propose a real-Time and distributed algorithm for both collision and deadlock avoidance by repeatedly stopping and resuming robots. The motion of each robot is first modeled as a labeled transition system, and then controlled by a distributed algorithm to avoid collisions and deadlocks. Each robot can execute the algorithm autonomously and real-Timely by checking whether its succeeding state is occupied and whether the one-step move can cause deadlocks. Performance analysis of the proposed algorithm is also conducted. The conclusion is that the algorithm is not only practically operative but also maximally permissive. A set of simulations for a system with four robots are carried out in MATLAB. The results also validate the effectiveness of our algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	15	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Collision and deadlock avoidance,Discrete event systems,Distributed algorithm,Maximally permissive,Motion control,Multirobot systems
A Two-Stage Approach to Path Planning and Collision Avoidance of Multibridge Machining Systems	2017	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2016 IEEE.Owing to large production capacity and high efficiency, multibridge machining systems (MBMSs) have gained increasing attention in industry. Their multiple bridge machines work concurrently in their serially arranged and partially overlapping workspaces. To solve totally the job scheduling and collision resolution problems of MBMS, our prior work proposes a serial-colored traveling salesman problem (S-CTSP)-based method. Each salesman in S-CTSP visits his exclusive cities and some cities shared with his neighbor(s). To endow MBMS with fault-tolerance ability, this paper presents a two-stage method for both static path planning and dynamic collision avoidance of multiple machines. At the first stage, the path planning problem abstracted as an S-CTSP is solved by a population-based incremental learning (PBIL) algorithm. The PBIL introduces a local search operation, two types of possibility vectors, and a selection strategy of exclusive and shared cities. The second stage uses a Petri net supervisor to dynamically avoid any emerging collision when performing the scheduled work. This work also provides a novel priority net structure to prevent mutual waiting of two neighboring machines ready to enter their overlapping workspace. Then, we apply the presented method to a large tribridge waterjet cutting case to show its performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Collision avoidance,colored traveling salesman problem,discrete event system,modeling and analysis,multibridge machining systems,multiple traveling salesman problem,path planning,Petri nets,population-based incremental learning
Robotic system for automation of water quality monitoring and feeding in aquaculture shadehouse	2017	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2017 IEEE.This paper describes the implementation of an event-based Internet robotic system to monitor water quality and feed crayfish in a shadehouse, guided by a model-based development methodology. The robotic system consists of a mobile robot to transport a water multiparameter sonde and six containers for distributing food onto the pond surface, a dispatcher unit to dispense a precise amount of food from the containers, and a computer running as a server to define, over the Internet, the feeding and monitoring schedule through a client application. The development methodology starts by making an abstract functionality model to accomplish the tasks. Next, the functionality model is described using the unified modeling language (UML) that specifies the structure and behavior of the system components. Later, the methodology translates the UML dynamic description depicted by statechart diagrams into Petri net (PN) formalism. PN models are merged and analyzed based on their behavioral properties to validate the design as a stable event-based Internet system. Following the UML and PN designs, the robotic system is implemented. Local and remote experiments were performed to show the usefulness of the robot operation via the Internet for intensive cultivation of the freshwater redclaw crayfish (Cherax quadricarinatus).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	11	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Aquaculture shadehouse,Event-based control theory,Feeding devices,Internet robotic system,Petri nets (pns),Unified modeling language (uml),Water quality monitoring
Scheduling and Control of Startup Process for Single-Arm Cluster Tools with Residency Time Constraints	2017	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	1993-2012 IEEE.Due to the trends of larger wafer diameters and smaller lot sizes, cluster tools need to switch from processing one lot of wafers to another frequently. This leads to more transient periods in wafer fabrication, which includes startup and close-down processes. Their efficient scheduling and control problems become more and more important. They become very difficult to solve especially when wafer residency time constraints must be considered. Most previous studies focused on the steady periodic schedule for cluster tools. Little research was on the transient processes of cluster tools despite their increasing importance. In order to optimize a startup transient process, this work develops a Petri net model to describe its behavior for a single-Arm cluster tool. Then, based on the model, for the case that the workloads among the steps can be properly balanced, this work proposes a scheduling algorithm to find an optimal and feasible schedule for the startup process. For the other cases schedulable at the steady state, a linear programming model is developed to find an optimal and feasible schedule for the startup process. Finally, illustrative examples are given to show the applications of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Macao	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,discrete-event systems,Petri nets (PNs),process scheduling,semiconductor manufacturing automation
MyRIO based mobile robot for rescue competitions	2017	2017 IEEE International Conference on Autonomous Robot Systems and Competitions, ICARSC 2017	2017 IEEE.Labview and National Instruments hardware is used to measure, analyze and solve multiple Industry problems, mostly in small mechatronics systems or fixed manipulators. myRIO have been used worldwide in the last few years to provide a reliable data acquisition. While in Industry and in Universities myRIO is vastly used, Arduino is still the most common tool for hobby or student based projects, therefore Mobile Robotics platforms integrate Arduino more often than myRIO. In this study, an overall hardware description will be presented, together with the software designed for autonomous and remote navigation in unknown scenarios. The designed robot was used in EuroSkills 2016 competition in Sweden.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Arab Emirates	3	Biomedical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Arduino,EuroSkills,Labview,Mobile Robotics,MyRIO,Rescue Scenarios
Model of distributed hierarchical framework for carrier collaboration	2017	2017 International Colloquium on Logistics and Supply Chain Management: Competitiveness and Innovation in Automobile and Aeronautics Industries, LOGISTIQUA 2017	2017 IEEE.The supply chain is considered as a network composed of heterogeneous structures geographically distributed, that processes a large volume of data which change instantly; it makes the task of logistics deciders very complex, hence the need for distributed intelligent systems, which provide services capable of absorbing the complexity of such networks, and meet the expectations of logistics managers. In this paper, we will present the most recently used systems as intelligent transport systems or even collaborative systems between transport providers, such as multi-agent systems, the physical internet and the Internet of things. Our contribution in this paper concerns the proposal of a distributed hierarchical framework model, composed of four layers, and which will aim at the creation of a collaborative environment for the transport of goods.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Morocco	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Aerospace Engineering,Automotive Engineering	Carrier collaboration,component,Intelligent transport systems,Internet of thing,Multi-Agent Systems,Physical internet
Design and simulation analysis of PDER: A multiple-load automated guided vehicle dispatching algorithm	2017	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2017 IEEE.Effective control strategies for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are important to companies that operate flexible manufacturing systems in terms of maximizing productivity. In this paper, we design and analyze Pickup-or-Delivery-En-Route (PDER), a multiple-load AGV dispatching algorithm. PDER is a task-determination rule that enables a partially loaded vehicle traveling to a drop off destination to pickup and/or drop off loads that the vehicle would otherwise pass by en route to the original destination. We conduct a simulation-based experiment to evaluate the effectiveness of the PDER algorithm. The results indicate that PDER can produce significant positive impacts on throughput and time in system in flexible manufacturing systems utilizing multiple-load AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
An agent-based simulation model for autonomous trailer docking	2017	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2017 IEEE.This paper presents a simulation model of a generic automated planning and control system for the pick-up and docking of semi-trailers by means of autonomous Yard Tractors (YTs) in a collision- and conflict free environment. To support the planning and control of the YTs, we propose a Multi-Agent System (MAS). We illustrate our approach using a case study at a Dutch logistics service provider. To evaluate the proposed system, we design an agent-based simulation model, which is set up in a similar way as the MAS. We conclude with the verification and validation of the simulation model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Scheduling of drone-based material transfer system in semiconductor manufacturing	2017	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2017 IEEE.The idea of deploying unmanned aerial vehicles, also known as drones, for delivery in logistics operations has inspired this research. One conceivable scenario is to use a drone to transfer jobs between locations in a future semiconductor factory. Each job might be characterized by origin, destination, priority, and precedence-relationship. In particular, the precedence-relationship occurs when drones are competing for limited number of ports (similar to helicopter landing platform). The objective is to minimize the maximum completion time of all delivery jobs performed by a fleet of drones. Two exact approaches are presented: a mixed integer programming and a constraint programming, and tested for real-time perspective with problem instances up to 50-drone and 100-job.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Continuous flow transport scheduling for conveyor-based AMHS in wafer fabs	2017	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2017 IEEE.Automated material handling systems (AMHS) can greatly impact the manufacturing performance of a semiconductor fabricating facility (fab). High traffic loads within an AMHS can impede individual wafer lots so that they arrive late at their destination machines. Thus, corresponding process operations as well as dependent succeeding operations will be delayed due to the fab schedule's precedence constraints. Consequently, such transport-related delays can widely propagate throughout the overall fab schedule. In order to reduce transport-related delays before time-critical operations, novel ways of planning wafer transports have been investigated in this study. For validation, a well-known realistic representative wafer fab model has been extended with conveyor elements constituting a typical AMHS for continuous flow transport (CFT). As a result, improvements of the overall fab performance due to advanced transport scheduling methods are demonstrated and compared. Finally, the practicality of the suggested methods is discussed in the dynamic scheduling context of real fabs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
The role of learning on industrial simulation design and analysis	2017	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2017 IEEE.The capability of modeling real-world system operations has turned simulation into an indispensable problem-solving methodology for business system design and analysis. Today, simulation supports decisions ranging from sourcing to operations to finance, starting at the strategic level and proceeding towards tactical and operational levels of decision-making. In such a dynamic setting, the practice of simulation goes beyond being a static problem-solving exercise and requires integration with learning. This article discusses the role of learning in simulation design and analysis motivated by the needs of industrial problems and describes how selected tools of statistical learning can be utilized for this purpose.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
A simulation model for designing straddle carrier-based container terminals	2017	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2017 IEEE.Designing the storage yard in a container terminal is a major step towards efficient terminal operations. The problem may cover both long-term decisions, such as selecting the yard layout and the material handling equipment, and short-term decisions, such as assigning storage space and dispatching and routing the material handling equipment. We present a discrete-event simulation model to investigate the best yard layout in terms of block position, number and capacity in a straddle carrier-based transshipment hub bearing a perpendicular yard layout. The simulation model is highly detailed and it captures the blocking, locking and further waiting conditions occurring during real-time operations. Numerical experiments carried out for a real container terminal show how the model may easily support the operations manager in choosing the block design that minimizes the waiting times of straddle carriers and the makespan of the integrated container discharge/loading process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	4	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Research on Rationality of Multi Domain Requirements for Products Based on DSM	2017	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	2017, China Mechanical Engineering Magazine Office. All right reserved.Facing to the conflict problems of customer requirement nodes due to constraints and node sequences, an expression method of customer requirements was proposed based on DSM. This method was composed of five steps: building customer requirement templates, building constraint rules, optimizing the DSM of customer requirements expression processes, checking the constraint rules, calculating the rationality of customer requirements. The multi domain collaboration of product requirements was realized and quantitative basis for judging the rationality of requirement node sequences and requirement expressions was provided. Finally, the practicality of the method was illustrated by automatic guided vehicle (AGV).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Mechanical Engineering	Constraint rule,Customer requirement,Design structure matrix (DSM),Rationality of requirement expression
The wireless power transfer systems using the Class e push-pull inverter for industrial robots	2017	WPTC 2017 - Wireless Power Transfer Conference	2017 IEEE.By decrease of the working population, maintenance-saving is becoming important task. We suggest the feeding system for industrial robots by using the wireless power transfer system for decreasing battery maintenance. In this Report, we try to develop the Class E push-pull inverter for feeding a large AGV (Automated Guided Vehicles : transfer robot) at 300-600W. To countermeasure for the efficiency decreased by increasing output power, our circuit uses the compensation capacitor. We got 80% of efficiency at 600W.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	9	Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	AGV,Class-E component,Wireless power transfer
The Benders decomposition algorithm: A literature review	2017	European Journal of Operational Research	2016 Elsevier B.V.The Benders decomposition algorithm has been successfully applied to a wide range of difficult optimization problems. This paper presents a state-of-the-art survey of this algorithm, emphasizing its use in combinatorial optimization. We discuss the classical algorithm, the impact of the problem formulation on its convergence, and the relationship to other decomposition methods. We introduce a taxonomy of algorithmic enhancements and acceleration strategies based on the main components of the algorithm. The taxonomy provides the framework to synthesize the literature, and to identify shortcomings, trends and potential research directions. We also discuss the use of the Benders Decomposition to develop efficient (meta-)heuristics, describe the limitations of the classical algorithm, and present extensions enabling its application to a broader range of problems.	Journal	j	re	Review	Canada	130	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Acceleration techniques,Benders decomposition,Combinatorial optimization,Literature review
Discrete event simulation model for external yard choice of import container terminal in a port buffer area	2017	AIP Conference Proceedings	2017 Author(s).Increasing container traffic and land acquisition problem for terminal expansion leads to usage of external yard in a port buffer area. This condition influenced the terminal performance because a road which connects the terminal and the external yard was also used by non-container traffic. Location choice problem considered to solve this condition, but the previous research has not taken account a stochastic condition of container arrival rate and service time yet. Bi-level programming framework was used to find optimum location configuration. In the lower-level, there was a problem to construct the equation, which correlated the terminal operation and the road due to different time cycle equilibrium. Container moves from the quay to a terminal gate in a daily unit of time, meanwhile, it moves from the terminal gate to the external yard through the road in a minute unit of time. If the equation formulated in hourly unit equilibrium, it cannot catch up the container movement characteristics in the terminal. Meanwhile, if the equation formulated in daily unit equilibrium, it cannot catch up the road traffic movement characteristics in the road. This problem can be addressed using simulation model. Discrete Event Simulation Model was used to simulate import container flow processes in the container terminal and external yard. Optimum location configuration in the upper-level was the combinatorial problem, which was solved by Full Enumeration approach. The objective function of the external yard location model was to minimize user transport cost (or time) and to maximize operator benefit. Numerical experiment was run for the scenario assumption of two container handling ways, three external yards, and thirty-day simulation periods. Jakarta International Container Terminal (JICT) container characteristics data was referred for the simulation. Based on five runs which were 5, 10, 15, 20, and 30 repetitions, operation one of three available external yards (external yard - 3) was the optimum result. Apparently, the model confirmed the hypothesis that there was an optimum configuration of the external yard. Nevertheless, the model needs detail elaboration related to the objective function and the optimization constraint. It requires detail validation, in term of service time value, distribution pattern, and arrival rate in each unit server modeled in the next step of the research. The model gave unique and relatively consistent value of each run. It was indicated that the method has a chance to solve the research problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	3	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Retrofit solution - Mitigate 480V power system harmonics generated by automated guided vehicle charging system at container terminal	2017	2017 IEEE/IAS 53rd Industrial and Commercial Power Systems Technical Conference, I and CPS 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper describes a retrofit harmonic mitigation solution for the 480V power supply system designed for the battery charging system for the 72 automated guided vehicles (AGVs) at a large container terminal. The individual battery charging system for each AGV consists of 18 six-pulse thyristor modules, with each module rated at 7kW, 40V dc, and an AGV charging capacity of 126kVA at 720V dc. The supplier of the battery and battery charging equipment made no effort to mitigate harmonics and power quality issues in the design of the 480V power system. Design engineers for the container terminal performed a harmonic analysis when the power system design was configured based on the cabling and wiring information provided by the supplier. The analysis showed high harmonics, much higher than the limits prescribed in IEEE Std. 519. To achieve proper operation of the AGVs without affecting other automation equipment at the terminal, active filters were retrofitted. This paper discusses the test results for and limitations of mitigating harmonics for the first phase of retrofitting six active harmonic filters. This paper also provides recommendations for designing the port AGV power system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,battery charging system,electrical harmonics,harmonic mitigation system,short-circuit ratio,total current distortion,total voltage distortion
Scheduling problems of automated guided vehicles in job shop, flow shop, and container terminals	2017	2017 4th International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Applications, ICIEA 2017	2017 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles have been widely used in flexible manufacturing systems especially in a job shop and flow shop. Recently, they are included in other fields such as container terminals. This paper demonstrates a literature review of the last three decades about the scheduling problems of the automated guided vehicles in three main classes, namely job shops, flow shops, and container terminals. We classify the literature according to the scheduling problems and the solution approaches. The results of the survey are that the solution methods mainly focus on using simulation as a key performance analysis tool, whereas, the big computation times of the developed mathematical models make heuristics approaches are dominant for solving such models. After that, we discuss research gaps to the purpose of finding new research directions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	1	Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicles,container terminals,flow shop,job shop,scheduling
Scheduling of deadlock and failure-prone automated manufacturing systems via hybrid heuristic search	2017	International Journal of Production Research	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This work focuses on the scheduling problem of deadlock and failure-prone automated manufacturing systems, and presents a new scheduling method by combining a robust supervisory control policy and hybrid heuristic search. It aims to minimise makespan, i.e. the completion time of the last part. Based on the extended reach ability graph of the system, it establishes a new heuristic function and two dispatching rules to guide the search process for a schedule. By embedding a robust supervisory control policy into the search process, it develops a polynomial robust dynamic window search algorithm. Failure and repair events of unreliable resources may occur during the execution of a schedule obtained by the proposed algorithm and may make the schedule infeasible. To reduce the influence caused by them and ensure all parts to be finished, this work proposes two event-driven strategies. The first one suspends the execution of the parts requiring failed resources and those to be started until all failed resources are repaired and permits only those parts that have already been processed on working machines to be completed. The second one invokes the proposed algorithm to obtain a new schedule at the vertex generated after a resource failure or repair event and executes the new schedule. Both strategies are effective while the latter performs better at the expense of more computation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated manufacturing system,heuristic search,rescheduling,robust supervisory control policy,scheduling
Navigation Method of the Transportation Robot Using Fuzzy Line Tracking and QR Code Recognition	2017	International Journal of Humanoid Robotics	2017 World Scientific Publishing Company.In this paper, a navigation method using fuzzy line tracking, QR code recognition and path planning algorithm is proposed for the transportation robot. We build a grid map by attaching QR codes on a floor and using lines that are gaps between tiles. The transportation robot is developed with a camera to capture floor images that is used to detect QR code and extract lines' parameters by applying linear equation and FIR filter. A fuzzy decision-maker is designed to solve the deviation problem occurring during a navigation process between QR codes. The QR code is used to get the current position and recognize the direction to neighbor QR codes. Finally, the D∗Lite algorithm is applied to search for an optimal path from the robot position to a goal position on the grid map using QR codes. The proposed method is verified by the navigation experiments of the transportation robot in the real environment. The robot can follow the optimal path obtained from planning algorithm with high stability and accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	D,Fuzzy line tracking,Lite planning,navigation method,path planning,transportation robot
Complexity of Scheduling Problem in Single-Machine Flexible Manufacturing System with Cyclic Transportation and Unlimited Buffers	2017	Journal of Optimization Theory and Applications	2017, The Author(s).The paper concerns complexity studies on the scheduling problem arising in a simple flexible manufacturing system. The system consists of a single machine, one depot (both with unlimited buffers), and one vehicle (automated guided vehicle). The vehicle operates according to the regular metro strategy. This means that it travels in cycles of the constant length, without stops, transporting at most one job at a time between the depot and the machine. The machine executes available jobs in the non-preemptive way. The goal is to minimize the schedule length, i.e., to minimize the number of vehicle cycles necessary to transport and execute all jobs in the system. We prove the strong NP-hardness of this problem and show that any list algorithm has the worst-case performance ratio equal to 2. Moreover, we mention that special cases of the considered problem, with zero transportation times from the depot to the machine and from the machine to the depot, are polynomially solvable.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	4	Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Applied Mathematics	Approximation algorithm,Flexible manufacturing system,NP-hardness proof,One depot,One vehicle,Single machine
A heuristic for a heterogeneous automated guided vehicle routing problem	2017	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	2017, Korean Society for Precision Engineering and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.The article addresses a Heterogeneous Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) Routing Problem that distributes given jobs to one of the AGVs and finds a route for each AGV while minimizing the sum of tour costs. AGVs are heterogeneous as the cost of traveling between any two locations varies depending on the type of AGV. The problem is a generalization of multiple heterogeneous asymmetric Hamiltonian path problem and a primal-dual heuristic has been developed. Despite the complexity of the problem, the computational results show that the proposed algorithm produces good quality solutions within a relatively short computation time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	11	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Heuristic,Job distribution,Multiple vehicle routing
Fusion of RSS and Phase Shift Using the Kalman Filter for RFID Tracking	2017	IEEE Sensors Journal	2001-2012 IEEE.Radio frequency identification (RFID)-based indoor tracking system has been used for the localization and tracking of forklift and automated guided vehicles in warehouses. Most of the existing tracking methods rely on either received signal strength (RSS) or phase shift alone. This paper presents a new RFID tracking method that fuses the RSS and phase shift together to predict the instant position of a mobile target. The fingerprints database is first constructed by collecting the RSS values at reference points. After data normalization, the fingerprints are fed into the extreme learning machine for the rough position estimation. The radial speed of the RFID tag can be calculated by measuring the phase difference between two consecutive time steps. Then, the linear least squares method is exploited to fit the instant speed of the mobile tag. On the assumption that the trajectory of the mobile tag could be approximated by a series of line segments, the Kalman filter is utilized afterward to enhance the position estimation by combing the rough location estimation and the instant velocity. The performance of our method is studied in simulations and experimentally verified in our lab. The results demonstrate that our method is feasible and achieves higher accuracy than traditional tracking methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	23	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	extreme learning machine (ELM),fingerprinting,Kalman filter,phase difference,RFID,tracking
Design of Vectored Sum-Based Fuzzy Logic Control System and Its Application to Segway-Type Mobile Robot	2017	International Journal of Humanoid Robotics	2017 World Scientific Publishing Company.The study of individual mobile devices has been widely conducted. In this paper, we propose the design of some fuzzy logic control systems for the control of the Segway-type mobile robot, which is a kind of inverted pendulum system. We first design two conventional fuzzy logic control systems for position and balance control of the Segway-type mobile robot. And then, we design another two fuzzy logic control systems with a single input variable for position and its balance control. We also propose a new defuzzification method called vectored sum scheme. Finally, in order to check the feasibility of the proposed systems we present some simulation examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	balance control,defuzzification scheme,fuzzy logic control system,position control,Segway-type mobile robot
Distributed Controller Design for Cooperative Robot Systems Based on Hierarchical Task Decomposition	2017	International Journal of Humanoid Robotics	2017 World Scientific Publishing Company.A distributed simulation and control method for humanoid robot systems based on the discrete event net models is proposed. Extended Petri nets are adopted as an effective tool to describe, design and control the cooperative behavior of robots. Based on hierarchical net decomposition, conceptual and detailed Petri net models are assigned to the upper level and the lower level controllers, respectively. For the lower level control, individual net models of robots are executed on separate local controllers. The unified net representation for the hierarchical coordination of cooperative execution control by multiple robots is proposed. Overall control software is implemented and executed on a general hierarchical and distributed control architecture corresponding to the hardware structure of robot systems. The upper level system controller and lower level local controllers are concurrently executed, communicating events information (enabled transitions) with each other, so that the cooperative robotic tasks are successfully performed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	cooperative robot control,distributed control system design,hierarchical task modeling,Petri nets,Robot systems,system coordination
A multi-objective evolutionary algorithm for scheduling flexible manufacturing systems	2017	Industrial Engineering and Management Systems	2017 KIIE.In recent decades, flexible manufacturing systems have emerged as a response to market demands of high product diversity. Scheduling is one important phase in production planning in all manufacturing systems. Although scheduling in classical manufacturing systems, such as flow and job shops, are well studied. Rarely, any paper studies scheduling of the more recent flexible manufacturing system. Since the problem class is NP-hard, different scheduling algorithms such as genetic algorithm (GA), simulated annealing (SA) algorithm, memetic algorithm (MA) and particle swarm algorithm (PSA) can be designed to solve this problem. This paper investigates a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm for scheduling flexible manufacturing systems to minimizing makespan, earliness and tardiness and startup costs. The distinctive feature of the proposed multi-objective evolutionary algorithm is its ability to search the solution space by an intelligent method, which is unlike other meta-heuristic algorithms avoid the coincidental method. Also, answer with the best quality and highest dispersion to obtain the dominant answer is used. Finally, we carry out computational experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm. The results show that the proposed algorithm has the ability to achieve the good solutions in reasonable computational time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Social Sciences (all),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all)	Evolutionary algorithm,Flexible manufacturing systems,Multi-objective,Scheduling
Delivery-flow routing and scheduling subject to constraints imposed by vehicle flows in fractal-like networks	2017	Archives of Control Sciences	2017 Archives of Control Sciences 2017.The problems of designing supply networks and traffic flow routing and scheduling are the subject of intensive research. The problems encompass the management of the supply of a variety of goods using multi-modal transportation. This research also takes into account the various constraints related to route topology, the parameters of the available fleet of vehicles, order values, delivery due dates, etc. Assuming that the structure of a supply network, constrained by a transport network topology that determines its behavior, we develop a declarative model which would enable the analysis of the relationships between the structure of a supply network and its potential behavior resulting in a set of desired delivery-flows. The problem in question can be reduced to determining sufficient conditions that ensure smooth flow in a transport network with a fractal structure. The proposed approach, which assumes a recursive, fractal network structure, enables the assessment of alternative delivery routes and associated schedules in polynomial time. An illustrative example showing the quantitative and qualitative relationships between the morphological characteristics of the investigated supply networks and the functional parameters of the assumed delivery-flows is provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	declarative modeling,delivery flow,fractal structure,multimodal process,transport network,vehicles flow
Robust supervisory control policy for automated manufacturing systems with a single unreliable resource	2017	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	2017,  The Author(s) 2017.Over the past two decades, the development of supervisory controllers that guarantee deadlock-free operation for automated manufacturing systems (AMSs) has been an active area of research. Most work to date assumes that the system resources are reliable. This paper focuses on the robust supervisory control problem of AMSs with a single unreliable resource. Our objective is to develop a robust supervisory control policy under which the system can continue producing in the face of the unreliable resource’s failure or recovery. To do so, we integrate an optimal deadlock avoidance policy based on a Petri net with a modified Banker’s Algorithm and present a novel robust supervisory control policy. It is proven to be of polynomial complexity and more permissive than two existing policies. Also, experimental results on a set of AMSs generated randomly indicate its superiority over all other existing policies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Instrumentation	Automated manufacturing systems,deadlock avoidance policy,Petri net,robust supervisory control
Using CSTPNs to model traffic control CPS	2017	IET Software	The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2017.Transportation cyber-physical system (T-CPS) is a spatiotemporal discrete-continuous hybrid system. However, the hybrid T-CPSs have some analysis and modelling problems, especially the problems related to the spatiotemporal characteristics. Existing coloured Petri net approaches of traffic control cannot effectively analyse dynamic changes of cyber systems and physical entities in space and time. Moreover, some problems, related to the state space explosion and the large complex T-CPSs, have not been well solved. This study develops the innovative methods for T-CPS design and modelling via the development and application of coloured spatiotemporal Petri nets (CSTPNs). The proposed research ideas involve the CSTPN theory creation, the development of traffic intersection coordination control system using CSTPNs, the traffic simulation analysis and the implementation of T-CPS-based CSTPNs. The experimental results show that the new spatiotemporal theories and approaches of the traffic coordination control based on CSTPNs have excellent potentials to address the issues related to the spatiotemporal discrete-continuous characteristics of T-CPS. Moreover, these innovative methods with a good validity can be easily applied into practise for the development of T-CPS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	None
Deepmap+: Recognizing high-level indoor semantics using virtual features and samples based on a multi-length window framework	2017	Sensors (Switzerland)	2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Existing indoor semantic recognition schemes are mostly capable of discovering patterns through smartphone sensing, but it is hard to recognize rich enough high-level indoor semantics for map enhancement. In this work we present DeepMap+, an automatical inference system for recognizing high-level indoor semantics using complex human activities with wrist-worn sensing. DeepMap+ is the first deep computation system using deep learning (DL) based on a multi-length window framework to enrich the data source. Furthermore, we propose novel methods of increasing virtual features and virtual samples for DeepMap+ to better discover hidden patterns of complex hand gestures. We have performed 23 high-level indoor semantics (including public facilities and functional zones) and collected wrist-worn data at a Wal-Mart supermarket. The experimental results show that our proposed methods can effectively improve the classification accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Activity recognition,Deep learning,Indoor semantic inference,Multi-length windows,Virtual features,Virtual samples
Movement control algorithm of weighted automated guided vehicle using fuzzy inference system	2017	2017 2nd International Conference on Control and Robotics Engineering, ICCRE 2017	2017 IEEE.Distribution of goods using Automated Guided Vehicle has been widely used by some of industry. The stability of vehicle movement directly affected to the safety of delivery. Load is one of major factors that caused instability movement of the vehicle. This research discusses the movement control algorithm of weighted vehicle by trolley using Fuzzy Inference System. The trolley as a load carrier of vehicle in this system is connected by hook attached at the behind of vehicle. The input of the system is come from line follower sensor that placed on the bottom of vehicle. Speed data of the weighted vehicle is become an input. The information is processed by Fuzzy Inference System. The output of Fuzzy Inference System is speed of the weighted vehicle. The result shows that the vehicle moves automatically in a constant speed at 70% of maximum Pulse Width Modulation (PWM).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	3	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Automated Guided Vehicle,Component,Fuzzy Inference System,Instability,Loads
Development of a smart wheelchair with dual functions: Real-time control and automated guide	2017	2017 2nd International Conference on Control and Robotics Engineering, ICCRE 2017	2017 IEEE.Wheelchairs are devices used for mobility by people whose walking is difficult or impossible, due to illness or disability. There are many types of wheelchairs, including basic, light-weight, folding, multi-function, special types, and so on. Each of them has its advantages and disadvantages. Development of brain-computer interface applications has become quite popular in recent year. It allows direct communication between brain and computer. One type of the communication is by imagination. By analyzing the EEG signals under imagination, different features could be calculated to transform into instructions for the control of back-end robotic device. Since brain-computer interface allows users to control the instruments without the need of physical input, it may be suitable for patients with physical defects or limb weakness. Therefore, this study aimed to design a smart wheelchair which has real-time control and automated guided functions. We based on the advantages of simple and rapid construction in LabVIEW to develop the smart wheelchair. This system was able to control our own-made wheelchair model with dual functions. In the real-time control function, our results show that the average accuracy of the imagination to the left was 70% and the average accuracy of the imagination to the right was 60%. In the automated guided function, our results tested in small-area (20m 20m in space) shows that wheelchair could move along the pre-setting path. In the future, we want to improve the whole system and make this prototype wheelchair more practical as using a real wheelchair instead of a wheelchair model. We hope to make this functional wheelchair more humane, so that the wheelchair is not only comfortable and safe but also has multiple functions to improve patient's quality of life and reduce the burden of care from their families.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	6	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Automated guide,EEG,Emotiv,Real-time control,Wheelchair
Adaptive backstepping sliding mode control based on nonlinear disturbance observer for trajectory tracking of robotic manipulator	2017	2017 2nd International Conference on Control and Robotics Engineering, ICCRE 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper proposes and analyzes two different control techniques to remove the effect of lumped uncertainties and disturbances for trajectory tracking by robotic manipulator. These techniques are a) Adaptive backstepping sliding mode control and b) Nonlinear disturbance observer based backstepping sliding mode control. Adaptive backstepping sliding mode control estimates the system uncertainties and disturbance using an adaptive law. Lyapunov theory is used to define the adaptive law for the convergence of tracking error. The second technique initially estimates the unknown external disturbances using non-linear disturbance observer and then generates control input using beckstepping sliding mode controller. Backstepping sliding mode ensures the sliding surface to be chattering free and improves convergence rate in finite-time. The stability of system is analyzed using Lyapunov theory for both the techniques. Simulation results show the effectiveness and robustness of proposed techniques FOR trajectory tracking.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	11	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Backstepping sliding Mode,Disturbance Observer,Stability,Tracking
Layout optimisation for an installation port of an offshore wind farm	2017	European Journal of Operational Research	2016 Elsevier B.V.This paper investigates a port layout problem, where the layout of an installation port for an offshore wind farm needs to be generated in an efficient way so as to minimise the transportation cost of main components of an offshore wind turbine within the port. Two mixed integer linear programming (MILP) models are established to configure the optimal port layout, where the shapes of subareas that need to be located in the port are rectangular with several possible dimensional configurations to select from and the shape of the port area can be treated as either a convex or a concave polygon. The MILPs can be solved to optimality for small-sized problems. Matheuristic approaches based on Variable Neighbourhood Search (VNS) and an exact method (MILP) are also proposed to find solutions for medium-sized problems. The methods are assessed using randomly generated data sets. In addition, the area of a proposed Scottish port is used as a case study. The results obtained from the computational experiments validate the effectiveness of the proposed matheuristic approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	9	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Layout optimisation,Matheuristic approach,MILP,Offshore wind farm,VNS
Advanced emergency braking control based on a nonlinear model predictive algorithm for intelligent vehicles	2017	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2017 by the authors.Focusing on safety, comfort and with an overall aim of the comprehensive improvement of a vision-based intelligent vehicle, a novel Advanced Emergency Braking System (AEBS) is proposed based on Nonlinear Model Predictive Algorithm. Considering the nonlinearities of vehicle dynamics, a vision-based longitudinal vehicle dynamics model is established. On account of the nonlinear coupling characteristics of the driver, surroundings, and vehicle itself, a hierarchical control structure is proposed to decouple and coordinate the system. To avoid or reduce the collision risk between the intelligent vehicle and collision objects, a coordinated cost function of tracking safety, comfort, and fuel economy is formulated. Based on the terminal constraints of stable tracking, a multi-objective optimization controller is proposed using the theory of non-linear model predictive control. To quickly and precisely track control target in a finite time, an electronic brake controller for AEBS is designed based on the Nonsingular Fast Terminal Sliding Mode (NFTSM) control theory. To validate the performance and advantages of the proposed algorithm, simulations are implemented. According to the simulation results, the proposed algorithm has better integrated performance in reducing the collision risk and improving the driving comfort and fuel economy of the smart car compared with the existing single AEBS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	20	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Advanced Emergency Braking System,Hierarchical control,Intelligent vehicle,Nonlinear model predictive control,Nonsingular Fast Terminal Sliding Mode
Tree based searching approaches for integrated vehicle dispatching and container allocation in a transshipment hub	2017	Expert Systems with Applications	2017 Elsevier LtdThis study addresses the integration of Vehicle dispatching and container storage location problem with consideration of loading and unloading activities simultaneously. A MIP model is formulated to describe the interrelation between vehicle scheduling, yard crane scheduling and container storage location. A tree structure is used to represent the whole solution space. This representation has a good property as it captures the neighborhood structure and enhances the performance of local search and adaptive searching algorithms. Three variants of tree based searching approaches are developed, namely, the Nested Partitions method (NP), the Beam Search method (BS), and Stochastic Beam Search method (SBS). Extensive experiments show that these proposed methods can find a promising solution in matter of seconds for a practical problem and the Stochastic Beam Search method (SBS) method performs nearly as well as Nested Partitions method (NP) while gaining great computational efficiency. Due to this merit, SBS method is suggested to solve real time integrated vehicle dispatching problem in a relative large scale and may applied in other real time complex system scheduling.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	14	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Container allocation,Heuristic algorithms,Tree structure,Vehicle dispatching,Yard crane scheduling
Performance Enhancement of MEMS-Based INS/UWB Integration for Indoor Navigation Applications	2017	IEEE Sensors Journal	2001-2012 IEEE.Inertial navigation system (INS) has an increasingly important role in indoor navigation, which mainly uses inertial measurement units based on a micro electro mechanical system (MEMS) to acquire data, and which is independent of the external environment. However, INS has serious accumulated errors, and thus, it was often integrated with wireless location systems (WLSs), such as ultra wideband (UWB) system, in order to enhance the position performance. Namely, MEMS-based inertial sensors have the problem of random errors. Besides, a UWB system is vulnerable to external environment conditions, such as the non-line-of-sight (NLOS) factor and multipath effects, and thus, many outliers are produced. In order to improve the overall performance of the INS/UWB system, this paper proposes the three-tier approach based on: 1) analysis and pre-filtering of random errors of MEMS-based inertial sensors, and use of a complementary filter to provide attitude information of navigation system; 2) use of the anti-magnetic ring (AMR) to eliminate the outliers from the UWB system in NLOS environment; and 3) improvement of positioning accuracy at information fusion level using the double-state adaptive Kalman filter. The proposed approach was verified by experiments that included AMR test and filter test. The obtained results have validated the proposed method efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	44	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Inertial navigation system,Kalman filter,microelectronic mechanical system,ultra wideband system
On the cooperative automatic lane change: Speed synchronization and automatic 'courtesy'	2017	Proceedings of the 2017 Design, Automation and Test in Europe, DATE 2017	2017 IEEE.The recent ability of some vehicles to handle autonomously the lane change maneuvers, and the progressive equipment of roads and vehicles with ITS-G5 units motivate this paper to consider the case of road narrowing that requires a lane change because one lane is occupied by road works for maintenance, incidents and so on. This paper extends the approaches of cooperative speed synchronization at intersections. Because of the complexity of the overall system, it considers each automatic lane change as a mobile (unfixed) intersection in which vehicles synchronize their velocities. The wireless communication allows each vehicle to increase its field of view to negotiate its merging with the other equipped vehicles. Hence, the proposed approach introduces a kind of automatic 'courtesy' between equipped vehicles. The paper defines the intersection point between each pair of vehicles and the suited protocol to safely reach the new lane. The protocol can be handled by the new work item (NWI) that has been created at ETSI to realize platooning and cooperative adaptive cruise control. Besides enhancing safety, the simulation results show that the main advantage of the approach is the energy saving by smoothing the traffic.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	4	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Advanced driver assistance systems,Automatic lane change,Autonomous vehicles,ITS-G5,V2V
Sandwiched parallel plate capacitive coupler for wireless power transfer tolerant of electrode displacement	2017	2017 IEEE MTT-S International Conference on Microwaves for Intelligent Mobility, ICMIM 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper proposes a new structure of a parallel plate capacitive coupler for wireless power transfer. The structure has a transmission electrode sandwiched between the reception electrodes. It alleviates unwanted degradation in power transfer efficiency even when the reception electrodes move from their original positions. Simulation results show that the coupler maintains 90.1 % or higher in power transfer efficiency when the electrodes move within +/- 30 % of total sandwich space. This is 69.9 points higher than a conventional coupler having the same dimension. The new structure can contribute to the development of future high operation rate automatic guided vehicles working in factory automation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Instrumentation	automatic guided vehicle,capacitive coupling,wireless power transfer
A policy of picking up parcels for express courier service in dynamic environments	2017	International Journal of Production Research	2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.As a particular logistics service, the express courier service has seen considerable growth recently, which resulted in an unprecedented fierce competition. Besides, the development of information and communication technologies has enabled express company to manage their service. With the purpose of improving service quality and operation efficiency for express company, we focus on the problem of intercity express courier routing in courier-triggered pickup service. A novel pickup policy for courier routing is proposed based on the idea of centrality measures and the nearest-neighbour (NN) policy by considering the un-serviced customer requests as a globally coupled network. This policy enables to dispatch the idle courier to the more central request location, which allows the courier to easily serve the neighbouring requests around the central request location, thus securing both global and local performance. We also propose a simple prototype of real-time fleet management system where the proposed pickup policy is embedded into it. To evaluate the efficiency and practicability of the pickup policy, we conduct comprehensive computational experiments to generate various testing scenarios; moreover, two widely used dispatching policies–NN and first-come-first-served (FCFS)–are considered as the benchmark policy. Results show that the proposed pickup policy significantly outperforms the NN and FCFS policies in terms of waiting time and total service time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	centrality measures,dispatching policy,dynamic routing,express courier service,network analysis,pickup process
An optimization design proposal of automated guided vehicles for mixed type transportation in hospital environments	2017	PLoS ONE	2017 González et al.This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.Aim The aim of this paper is to present an optimization proposal in the automated guided vehicles design used in hospital logistics, as well as to analyze the impact of its implementation in a real environment. Method This proposal is based on the design of those elements that would allow the vehicles to deliver an extra cart by the towing method. So, the proposal intention is to improve the productivity and the performance of the current vehicles by using a transportation method of combined carts. Results The study has been developed following concurrent engineering premises from three different viewpoints. First, the sequence of operations has been described, and second, a proposal of design of the equipment has been undertaken. Finally, the impact of the proposal has been analyzed according to real data from the Hospital Universitario Rio Hortega in Valladolid (Spain). In this particular case, by the implementation of the analyzed proposal in the hospital a reduction of over 35% of the current time of use can be achieved. This result may allow adding new tasks to the vehicles, and according to this, both a new kind of vehicle and a specific module can be developed in order to get a better performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Multidisciplinary	None
Scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles in FMS using scatter search algorithm	2017	International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Technology	2017 IAEME.With increase in demand for various verity of products the flexible manufacture system is widely being used to meet the demand. In flexible manufacturing systems scheduling jobs and machines is a very important function which dictated the production rate. In this paper, we have applied a new meta-heuristic scatter search algorithm(SS) for scheduling machines and automated guided vehicles(AVG) in flexible manufacturing system(FMS). The main objective is to schedule the jobs and machines to reduce the Makespan and complete the jobs with minimum usage of resources. Several problems are solved with scatter search algorithm and the results are compared with existing results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	FMS,Makespan,Scatter search,Scheduling
Scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles in FMS using shuffled frog leap algorithm	2017	International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Technology	2017 IAEME.This paper deals with a new meta-heuristic algorithm that is Shuffled Frog Leap algorithm (SFL) which is used for scheduling machines and Automated Guided Vehicles (AVG) in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). With increase in demand for various products that are produced in large mass Flexible Manufacture System is widely being used to meet this demand. In Flexible Manufacturing Systems scheduling of jobs and machines is a very important function which dictated the production rate. Here, the main objective is to schedule the jobs and machines to reduce the Make Span and complete the jobs with less time. Several problems are solved with Shuffled Frog Leap algorithm and the results are compared with other meta-heuristic algorithm results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	FMS,Make Span,Scheduling,Shuffled Frog Leap
Real-time OHT Dispatching Mechanism for the Interbay Automated Material Handling System with Shortcuts and Bypasses	2017	Chinese Journal of Mechanical Engineering (English Edition)	Chinese Mechanical Engineering Society and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2017As a key to improve the performance of the interbay automated material handling system (AMHS) in 300 mm semiconductor wafer fabrication system, the realtime overhead hoist transport (OHT) dispatching problem has received much attention. This problem is first formulated as a special form of assignment problem and it is proved that more than one solution will be obtained by Hungarian algorithm simultaneously. Through proposing and strictly proving two propositions related to the characteristics of these solutions, a modified Hungarian algorithm is designed to distinguish these solutions. Finally, a new real-time OHT dispatching method is carefully designed by implementing the solution obtained by the modified Hungarian algorithm. The experimental results of discrete event simulations show that, compared with conventional Hungarian algorithm dispatching method, the proposed dispatching method that chooses the solution with the maximum variance respectively reduces on average 4 s of the average waiting time and average lead time of wafer lots, and its performance is rather stable in multiple different scenarios of the interbay AMHS with different quantities of shortcuts. This research provides an efficient real-time OHT dispatching mechanism for the interbay AMHS with shortcuts and bypasses.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dispatching,Hungarian algorithm,Interbay automated material handling system (AMHS),Shortcuts and bypasses,Wafer fabrication
Integrated optimization model for automated lifting vehicles scheduling and yard allocation at automated container terminals	2017	Xitong Gongcheng Lilun yu Shijian/System Engineering Theory and Practice	2017, Editorial Board of Journal of Systems Engineering Society of China. All right reserved.This study proposed an integrated approach to determine the ALV (automated lifting vehicle) dispatching and container storage, considering the loading and unloading operations simultaneously. An integrated optimization model of ALV scheduling and storage allocation was developed taking the minimum of the maximum completion time as objective function. To solve the model, a heuristic algorithm based on genetic algorithm was designed. Numerical experiments were provided to illustrate the validity of the model and algorithm. Results indicate that the designed algorithm proposed can improve the computation efficiency and obtain near-optimum solution for large-scale problems efficiently. Moreover, the integrated optimization model considers multiple links, which contributes to the operation efficiency in automated container terminals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Economic Geology,Computer Science Applications	ALV scheduling,Automated container terminal,Yard allocation
A Fiber Optic Accelerometer-Magnetometer	2017	Journal of Lightwave Technology	2017 IEEE.A fiber optic accelerometer-magnetometer (FOAM), which can measure acceleration and magnetic field simultaneously, based on fiber laser sensing is proposed. The principle of the FOAM and the theory of the mixed signal of acceleration and magnetic field are presented. To verify the theory, an FOAM was fabricated and tested. The measured acceleration sensitivity and the sensitivity of magnetic flux intensity were 9.75 pm/g (19.78 dB, re: 0 dB = 1 pm/g) within 100-250 Hz, and 0.955 pm/T/mA@725 Hz, respectively, which were close to the theoretical values. A test of simultaneously measuring acceleration and magnetic field was performed. The results show that the responding mixed signal achieves a good SNR. It proves that the function of the sensor has been realized and the theory of mixed signal is reliable.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	Fiber accelerometer,fiber laser,fiber magnetometer,optical fiber applications,simultaneous measurement
A scheduling model of flexible manufacturing system to reduce waste and earliness/tardiness penalties	2017	International Journal of Engineering, Transactions B: Applications	Nowadays, flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is introduced as a response to the competitive environment. Scheduling of FMS is more complex and more difficult than the other scheduling production systems. One of the main factors in scheduling of FMS is variable time of taking orders from customers, which leads to a sudden change in the manufacturing process. Also, some problems are created in production system such as waste, earliness and tardiness costs, and increase inventory. In this paper, a part of flexible manufacturing system where products are produced in two stages and in multiple repositories, is known as a bottleneck. In this study, a mathematical model for scheduling of this problem considering the limitations of the production system such as flow rate and output reservoirs, variable time order entry, waste resulting from the cessation of production, and the storage capacity of reservoirs is developed. Then, the proposed model has been solved by GAMS software. Results confirm the validity of the proposed model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Engineering (all)	Earliness and tardiness penalties,Flexible manufacturing system,Mathematical modeling,Scheduling
A framework for safe assisted navigation of semi-autonomous vehicles among moving and steady obstacles	2017	Robotica	Cambridge University Press 2016.SUMMARY We present a novel framework for collision free assisted navigation of a semi-autonomous vehicle in complex unknown environments with moving and steady obstacles. In the proposed system, a semi-autonomous vehicle is guided by a human operator and an automatic reactive navigator. The autonomous reactive navigation block takes control from the human operator in situations where there is the danger of collision with obstacle. A mathematically rigorous analysis of the proposed approach is provided. The performance of the proposed assisted navigation system is demonstrated via experiments with a real semi-autonomous hospital bed and extensive computer simulations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Assisted navigation,Collision avoidance,Mobile robotic hospital bed,mobile robots,Moving obstacles,Reactive navigation,Robot navigation,Semi-autonomous vehicles
Deciding conformance for bounded responsiveness	2017	Science of Computer Programming	2016 Elsevier B.V.We study open systems modeled as Petri nets with an interface for asynchronous communication with other open systems. As a minimal requirement for successful communication, we investigate bounded responsiveness, which guarantees that an open system and its environment always have the possibility to mutually terminate or to communicate, while the number of pending messages never exceeds a previously known bound. Bounded responsiveness conformance describes when one open system can be safely replaced by another open system. We present a trace-based characterization for conformance and show decidability. We further develop a finite characterization of the infinite set of all conforming open systems to a given open system. We implement the decision algorithm for conformance and evaluate it using industrial-sized open systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Software	Conformance,Open nets,Petri nets,Theory of computation
Energy-efficient rail guided vehicle routing for two-sided loading/unloading automated freight handling system	2017	European Journal of Operational Research	2016 Elsevier B.V.Rail-guided vehicles (RGVs) are widely employed in automated freight handling system (AFHS) to transport surging air cargo. Energy-efficient routing of such vehicles is of great interest for both financial and environmental sustainability. Given a multi-capacity RGV working on a linear track in AFHS, we consider its optimal routing under two-sided loading/unloading (TSLU) operations, in which energy consumption is minimized under conflict-avoidance and time window constraints. The energy consumption takes account of dynamics and routing-dependent gross weight of the RGV. And the conflict-avoidance constraints ensure conflict-free transport service under TSLU operations. The problem is formulated as a mixed-integer linear program, and solved by incorporating valid inequalities that exploit structural properties of the problem. The static problem model and solution approach are then integrated with a rolling-horizon approach to solve the dynamic routing problem where air cargo enters and departs from the system dynamically in time. Simulation results suggest that the proposed strategy is able to route a RGV to transport air cargo with an energy cost that is considerably lower than one of the most common heuristic methods implemented in current practice.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	15	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Conflict avoidance,Multiple capacity,Pickup and delivery,Two-sided loading/unloading operations,Vehicle routing
Multi-level control of fuzzy-constraint propagation in inference with fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points	2017	Journal of Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	An inference method is proposed, which can control the degree to which the fuzzy constraints of given facts are propagated to those of consequences via the nonlinear mapping represented by fuzzy rules. The conventional method, α-GEMST (α-level-set and generalized-mean-based inference in synergy with composition via linguistic-truth-value control), has limitations in the control of the propagation degree. In contrast, the proposed method can fully control the fuzzy-constraint propagation to a different degree with each fuzzy rule. After the nonlinear mapping, the proposed method performs fuzzy-logic-based control for further fuzzy-constraint propagation wherein evaluations are conducted via linguistic truth values to suppress the excessive specificity decrease in deduced consequences. Thereby, fuzzy constraints can be propagated in various ways by selecting one pair from the widely available implications and compositional operations. The proposed method controls the fuzzy-constraint propagation at the multi-levels of α in its α-cut-based operations. This scheme contributes to fast computation with parallel processing for each level of α. Simulation results illustrate that the proposed method can properly control the propagation degree. The proposed method is expected to be applied to the modeling of given systems with various fuzzy input-output relations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	5	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Compositional rule of inference,Convex fuzzy set,Fuzzy inference,Sparse fuzzy rules,α-cut
A suboptimal deadlock control policy for designing non-blocking supervisors in flexible manufacturing systems	2017	Information Sciences	2017 Elsevier Inc.This work aims to resolve deadlock problems in flexible manufacturing systems. A novel deadlock control policy in the frame of Petri nets formalism is presented for a class of generalized Petri nets, namely G-systems, which can usually model assembly and disassembly operations of multiple resource acquisition. Based on the concept of elementary siphons, all strict minimal siphons (SMS) in an uncontrolled net system are first divided into elementary siphons and dependent ones. After that, a set of linear inequality constraints expressed by state vectors can be formalized for elementary siphons. After being modified by utilizing the conjunctive/disjunctive resources upstream neighborhood policy, a set of generalized mutual exclusion constraints expressed by marking vectors can be obtained. Then, the additional monitors are only designed for elementary siphons, whose control depth variables can be obtained by solving a linear programming problem. As a result, the controllability of dependent ones can be ensured by properly supervising its elementary siphons. Finally, all strict minimal siphons are max′-controlled and no insufficiently marked siphon is generated, which indicates that the sequential resources are allocated reasonably to guarantee the absence of deadlock states. The proposed method can usually lead to a near-optimal non-blocking supervisor with simple structure. A G-system example prone to deadlocks is used to illustrate the applicability and the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Deadlock control,Elementary siphons,Generalized mutual exclusion constraints,Petri net,Resource partial order
Modelling and Control Strategies in Path Tracking Control for Autonomous Ground Vehicles: A Review of State of the Art and Challenges	2017	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	2016, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.Autonomous vehicle field of study has seen considerable researches within three decades. In the last decade particularly, interests in this field has undergone tremendous improvement. One of the main aspects in autonomous vehicle is the path tracking control, focusing on the vehicle control in lateral and longitudinal direction in order to follow a specified path or trajectory. In this paper, path tracking control is reviewed in terms of the basic vehicle model usually used; the control strategies usually employed in path tracking control, and the performance criteria used to evaluate the controller’s performance. Vehicle model is categorised into several types depending on its linearity and the type of behaviour it simulates, while path tracking control is categorised depending on its approach. This paper provides critical review of each of these aspects in terms of its usage and disadvantages/advantages. Each aspect is summarised for better overall understanding. Based on the critical reviews, main challenges in the field of path tracking control is identified and future research direction is proposed. Several promising advancement is proposed with the main prospect is focused on adaptive geometric controller developed on a nonlinear vehicle model and tested with hardware-in-the-loop (HIL). It is hoped that this review can be treated as preliminary insight into the choice of controllers in path tracking control development for an autonomous ground vehicle.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	66	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,Path tracking,Steering control,Trajectory following
Modelization and optimization of solenoid magnetic structures for IPT systems	2017	2017 11th IEEE International Conference on Compatibility, Power Electronics and Power Engineering, CPE-POWERENG 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper proposes a new magnetic charging design for Inductive Power Transfer systems (IPT) based on a flat solenoid. The proposed design uses a single transmitter pad to transfer energy to two receivers pads. This magnetic design is suitable for stationary charging system applications including automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and public transportation electric vehicles like buses. A 3D Finite Element Method (FEM) software is used to optimize the magnetic design to achieve better coupling between the transmitter and the receiver. The interoperability of the proposed design with polarized and non-polarized pads is also addressed in this work. The compliance of magnetic coupler with the ICNIRP guidelines is investigated through simulation. An experimental prototype is built to validate the optimized pads with results that differ by 8% in the worst scenario.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	None
Model Checking Geographically Distributed Interlocking Systems Using UMC	2017	Proceedings - 2017 25th Euromicro International Conference on Parallel, Distributed and Network-Based Processing, PDP 2017	2017 IEEE.The current trend of distributing computations over a network is here, as a novelty, applied to a safety critical system, namely a railway interlocking system. We show how the challenge of guaranteeing safety of the distributed application has been attacked by formally specifying and model checking the relevant distributed protocols. By doing that we obey the safety guidelines of the railway signalling domain, that require formal methods to support the certification of such products. We also show how formal modelling can help designing alternative distributed solutions, while maintaining adherence to safety constraints.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	8	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management	distributed systems,model checking,railway interlocking systems
FMS scheduling under availability constraint with supervisor based on timed petri nets	2017	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2017 by the authors.This paper proposes an optimal solution to large-scale Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) scheduling problems under availability constraints based on Timed Petri Nets (TPNs). First a decomposition method of TPNs is proposed, then a mathematical model is derived based on their properties. The mathematical model is built to determine the optimal firing sequence of TPN transitions to minimize the total manufacturing time. The resulting firing sequence of TPN transitions is used to generate the manufacturing system supervisor operated by TPN and digital controllers. Several numerical examples and comparative studies are provided in this paper in order to prove the new approach's efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	6	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Discrete event system,Genetic algorithm,Mathematical model,Scheduling problem,Supervisor synthesis,Timed Petri net
Achieving the autonomic adaptation of resources in virtualized network environments	2017	Proceedings of the 2017 20th Conference on Innovations in Clouds, Internet and Networks, ICIN 2017	2017 IEEE.The infrastructure that supports the digital world is adopting network and system virtualization to raise its reliability and flexibility. However, the allocation of such virtual resources is still performed by human administrators, which limits the agility of such systems to respond to events and new requirements. In this paper we propose an architecture that exploits the capabilities offered by virtualization techniques to achieve the prompt adaptation of network and computing resources to the needs imposed by their changing environments by automating control and management operations in an autonomic manner. It collects observations from any of element of the environment, including resources and sensors, and characterizes them as semantic observations. Such observations are then analyzed to determine if any corrective or perfective change is required to overcome a possible problem. The whole process is automated but guided by control statements provided by administrators, so the actions it can take have totally predictive results. As it provides a closed control loop, the expected effects of such actions are continuously checked. Finally, we discuss the benefits of this system in an emergency scenario and demonstrate its feasibility by presenting the results obtained from a proof-of-concept implementation of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture	None
Cloud-based cooperative navigation for mobile service robots in dynamic industrial environments	2017	Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Applied Computing	2016 ACM.In this paper we address the demand for flexibility and economic efficiency in industrial autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) systems by the use of cloud computing. We propose a cloud-based architecture that moves parts of mapping, localization and path planning tasks to a cloud server. We use a cooperative longterm Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) approach which merges environment perception of stationary sensors and mobile robots into a central Holistic Environment Model (HEM). Further, we deploy a hierarchical cooperative path planning approach using Conflict-Based Search (CBS) to find optimal sets of paths which are then provided to the mobile robots. For communication we utilize the Manufacturing Service Bus (MSB) which is a component of the manufacturing cloud platform Virtual Fort Knox (VFK). We demonstrate the feasibility of this approach in a real-life industrial scenario. Additionally, we evaluate the system's communication and the planner for various numbers of agents.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	8	Software	Cloud computing,Cloud robotics,Cooperative navigation,Multi-agent systems
Optimal Control of Multiple AGV Path Conflict in Automated Terminals	2017	Jiaotong Yunshu Xitong Gongcheng Yu Xinxi/Journal of Transportation Systems Engineering and Information Technology	Copyright  2017 by Science Press.To solve the path conflicts for an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) that may occur in the horizontal transportation of automated container terminal, a control strategy is proposed with multiparameter include path capacity, safety distance, travel time and vehicle speed. Dijkstra algorithm is used to plan path. A bit vector intersection algorithm is used to detect collisions. The improved speed control strategy is proposed to solve the path conflicts by controlling the traveling speed of the AGV at the conflict nodes. By simulating and analyzing the AGV network of Yangshan fourth automated container terminal, compare the traditional stop waiting strategy, the speed control strategy and the improved speed control strategy. The results verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the improved speed control strategy in conflict solving.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles,Automated terminal,Conflict detection,Intelligent transportation,Path conflict,Speed control
AGV rectifying method based on optimal deviation path	2017	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	2017, Science Press. All right reserved.Aiming at trajectory tracking of the vision-guided AGV with two-dimension code, a fuzzy PID rectification algorithm based on optimal deviation path is proposed. Firstly, the kinematics equation of the AGV is established, using the lateral deviation and course deviation as the input variables of the control system. Secondly, the optimal deviation path and optimal control equation are obtained based on the optimal deviation transformation strategy by introducing the Hamilton optimal control function. Finally, the fuzzy PID controller's parameters are updated according to pose error between the AGV and the optimal deviation path, to achieve the differential velocity adjusting real time. As a result, the AGV drives along the optimal deviation path, and achieves optimal control. The experimental results show that the proposed method can eliminate the lateral and course deviation smoothly and quickly. In extreme deviation, the four kinds of membership interval deviation correction results of this method are 2.38, 2.54, 3.29 and 4.43 mm. The results are all less than 5 mm, and the rectification distance is less than 1.2 m, and trajectory tracking accuracy is 3.2 mm. Not only the navigation precision improves, but also the stability of the operation and driving capability of the non-track AGV are met.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Instrumentation	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Fuzzy PID,Non-track navigation,Optimal deviation path
Forklifts, automated guided vehicles and horizontal order pickers in industrial environments. Energy management of an active hybrid power system based on batteries, PEM fuel cells and ultracapacitors	2017	Renewable Energy and Power Quality Journal	2017, European Association for the Development of Renewable Energy, Environment and Power Quality (EA4EPQ). All rights reserved.The renewable energies together with other technologies in low CO2 emissions and the efficiency must be the base of the most sustainable new energetic system. Currently the logistics industry has a large number of vehicles (forklifts, horizontal order pickers, automated guided vehicles AGVs, tow vehicles, captive fleets applied to logistic…) intended to transport goods inside the plant. A problem associated with these logistic vehicles (electric or combustion type) is the charging time and balancing time in the batteries. Solution to the problem approached would be a system that requires a power charging times relatively short (similar to filling in the combustion system) and at the same time that have zero emissions (do not forget that they are operating in a closed environment). Typically, automated guided vehicles and forklifts are operated with lead-acid batteries. The replacement of the traction battery with active hybrid power supply provide advantages as longer operating time, no recharging batteries, sizing of the fuel cell can be reduced and energy recovery during braking. Thus, energy management of an Active Hybrid Power System based on Li+ batteries, ultracapacitors and PEM fuel cells, is presented in this paper. Original lead-acid battery can be easily replaced by this new system implemented for industrial vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Energy Management,Forklifts,Horizontal Order Picker,Hybrid Power System,Li+ Batteries,PEM Fuel Cell,Ultracapacitors
Centralized and optimal motion planning for large-scale AGV systems: A generic approach	2017	Advances in Engineering Software	2017 Elsevier LtdA centralized multi-AGV motion planning method is proposed. In contrast to the prevalent planners with decentralized (decoupled) formulations, a centralized planner contains no priority assignment, decoupling, or other specification strategies, thus is free from being case-dependent and deadlock-involved. Although centralized motion planning is computationally expensive, it deserves investigations in schemes that are sensitive to solution quality but insensitive to computation time. Specifically, centralized multi-AGV motion planning is formulated as an optimal control problem in this work, wherein differential algebraic equations are used to describe the AGV dynamics, mechanical restrictions, and exterior constraints. Orthogonal collocation direct transcription method is adopted to discretize the original infinite-dimensional optimal control problem into a large-scale nonlinear programming (NLP) problem, which is solved using interior point method thereafter. Exhaustive simulations are conducted on 10-AGV formation reconfiguration tasks. Simulation results show the validation, unification, and real-time implementation potential of the introduced centralized planner. Particularly, the computation time on a PC reduces to several seconds with near-optimal initial guess in the NLP solving process, making receding horizon replanning possible via this centralized planner.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Software,Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Formation reconfiguration,Motion planning,Multi-robot system,Optimal control problem,Wheeled mobile robot
Autonomous intersection management systems: Criteria, implementation and evaluation	2017	IET Intelligent Transport Systems	2017 The Institution of Engineering and Technology.The foreseeable large-scale deployment of autonomous vehicles in the near future raises the question of autonomous intersection management (AIM). Numerous AIM designs have been proposed, but they lack a common vision of what defines a good system. In this study, the authors discuss a set of conflicting evaluation criteria that need to be balanced in the design of an AIM system, but are often considered individually in the literature. They then introduce their own priority-based design, where an intersection controller assigns priorities to incoming vehicles. On being assigned a priority, vehicles then cross the intersection while maintaining a so-called brake-safe state with respect to higher priority vehicles, rendering the system robust. They have performed extensive simulations to showcase the properties of the proposed system, and notably that it satisfactorily balances their criteria while remaining efficient.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	11	Transportation,Environmental Science (all),Mechanical Engineering,Law	None
Integrated methodology for scheduling of yard cranes and internal trucks in container terminal	2017	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2017, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.For better integrated scheduling of yard cranes and internal trucks, based on Quay Crane Schedule Plan (QCSP), the characteristics of Rubber Tyred Gantry (RTG) and truck scheduling problems were researched with given RTG, internal truck assignment-task set and required operational time. By taking the minimum cumulative delay time of all complete assignment-tasks as an objective, the integer programming models for yard cranes and internal trucks in container terminal were formulated separately. A Distributed Arrival Time Control (DATC) model by integrating with Binary Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm (BPSO) was proposed for their concurrent coupling relationship. The case study results by comparing with CPLEX indicated that DATC with BPSO was effective for finding high-quality solutions and could efficiently solve the large problems. Results showed that there were different degrees of cumulative work delay within given truck and RTG resources for each period, ranging from 85 to 215 minutes, which led to Quay Crane (QC) efficiency loss and vessel's estimated berthing time was further affected.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Binary particle swarm optimization,Coupling model,Distributed arrival time control,Internal trucks scheduling,Yard cranes scheduling
Simulating distributed and coordinated conveying systems: An object-oriented approach	2017	Journal of Supercomputing	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.We present the design and implementation of a new object-oriented simulation platform for a decentralized material handling system called the Coordinated Conveying System (CCS). CCS is a new approach to conveying entities, i.e., materials and people. It is also a generalized framework in which the connections between structure and behavior can be systematically studied. In this system, a collection of mobile units moves periodically along fixed tracks. Entities are transferred from some input to an output unit by the mobile units; entities can also transfer between mobile units during a space–time event called a rendezvous. This systems framework and model of conveying exposes a rich spectrum of spatio-temporal behaviors that have interesting connections to core issues in scheduling, resource allocation, communication, embedded systems, automation, and programming. The complexity of CCS arises from the interactions between the mobile units; hence, it is difficult to construct a system-level model for these dynamic behaviors, even though the behavior of individual units is simple. For these reasons, the simulator we present enables a systematic investigation of cyber-physical issues in CCS. Since all the details of CCS are not yet fully understood, we designed an extensible simulator using the Model-View-Controller architecture. The object-oriented approach helped us to model the CCS artifacts in a natural manner and, hence, reduced the complexity of our design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture	Conveying system,Cyber-physical system,Decentralized system,Discrete-event simulator
Extended least square unbiased FIR filter for target tracking using the constant velocity motion model	2017	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2017, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.This paper proposes a new nonlinear state estimator that has a finite impulse response (FIR) structure. The proposed state estimator is called the extended least square unbiased FIR filter (ELSUFF) because it is derived using a least square criterion and has an unbiasedness property. The ELSUFF is a special FIR filter designed for the constant velocity motion model and does not require noise information, such as covariance of Gaussian noise. In situations where noise information is highly uncertain, the ELSUFF can provide consistent performance, while existing nonlinear state estimators, such as the extended Kalman filter (EKF) and the particle filter (PF), often exhibit degraded performance under the same condition. Through simulations, we demonstrate the robustness of the ELSUFF against noise model uncertainty.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Constant velocity motion model,extended least square unbiased FIR filter (ELSUFF),finite impulse response (FIR) filter,state estimation,target tracking
A mobile robot based sensing approach for assessing spatial inconsistencies of a logistic system	2017	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2017 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersThis paper demonstrates the potential benefits of the integration of robot based sensing and Enterprise Information Systems extended with information about the geometric location and volumetric information of the parts contained in logistic supermarkets. The comparison of this extended world model with hierarchical spatial representations produced by a fleet of robots traversing the logistic supermarket corridors enables the continuous assessment of inconsistencies between reality, i.e., the spatial representations collected from online 3D data, and the modelled information, i.e., the world model. Results show that it is possible to detect inconsistencies reliably and in real time. The proposed approach contributes to the development of more robust and effective Enterprise Information Systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Advanced logistics,Hierarchical spatial representation and detection,Service oriented architectures,World model
Advanced research on information perception technologies of intelligent electric vehicles	2017	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	2017, Science Press. All right reserved.Defined as a type of mobile robot, smart electric vehicle is changing the quality of human life, space-time value and cultural integration. In this paper, the development of smart electric vehicle is detailed introduced as well as its technological level and related core technololies at home and abroad. The information perception, electric vehicle charging pil, and battery management system are focused. The related core technololgies in electric vehicle, such as sensing technology, data fusion, control algorithm, and communication technology, are summarized. With the development of novel intelligent sensing technology, such as large data and cloud computing, future intelligence perception will completely change the pattern recognition of traditional machine vision technology on the underlying characteristics. In the process of industrialization of intelligent electric vehicles also need to address human nature, security, reliability and legal and moral issues. The rapid development of intelligent electric vehicle technology will change the concept of time and space of mankind, but also will have a far-reaching and revolutionary impact on the transport industry.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Instrumentation	Data fusion,Information perception,Sensor,Smart electric vehicle
Maximum transportation throughput of automated guided vehicle system by use of models of traffic capacity and traffic capacity consumption	2017	Proceedings of 2017 SICE International Symposium on Control Systems, ISCS 2017	2017 The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers - SICE.This paper obtains a theoretical value of the maximum transportation throughput of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) System in a logistics center. To know the maximum transportation throughput is important to design the system since we need to know the feasibility of the design. It is proposed that the method which the problem to obtain the maximum transportation throughput is reduced to a linear programming problem with in this paper. This method must enable to obtain the theoretical values of large systems in shorter period of time than previous methods. We modeled that a rail have a traffic capacity, and AGVs consume the traffic capacity when they run or wait for loading or unloading. Then these relationship is used as constraints of a linear programming problem whose objective is to maximize the transportation throughput.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV,linear programming problem,maximum transportation throughput
TOPSIS to optimize performance, reliability, and life cycle costs during analysis of alternatives	2017	Proceedings - Annual Reliability and Maintainability Symposium	2017 IEEE.This paper presents a decision analysis technique for conducting Analysis of Alternatives (AoA) at the end of the Materiel Solution Analysis (MSA) phase of the United States (US) Department of Defense (DOD) acquisition process. This modified fuzzy Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) is designed to provide Decision Makers (DM) with a tool to evaluate concept alternatives against performance criteria, reliability and Life Cycle Costs (LCC).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Analysis of Alternatives (AoA),Cost,Fuzzy,Life Cycle,Materiel Solution Analysis,Reliability,TOPSIS
Combining a fuzzy inference system with an A∗ algorithm for the automated generation of roadmaps for Automated Guided Vehicles	2017	At-Automatisierungstechnik	2017 Walter de Gruyter Berlin/Boston 2017.This paper proposes a method for the automated generation of roadmaps for AGVs. So far the roadmaps are mostly generated manually, which leads to long and laborious planning phases. The presented method incorporates both mathematical roadmap algorithms as well as human knowledge in the form of a fuzzy inference system. The results of the expert system are evaluated in comparisons to the A∗ algorithm and to manually generated roadmaps on a real production layout. In both cases the expert system performs better.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Expertensystem,FTF,Fuzzy Logik,Wegenetz
Phase characteristic analysis and experimental study on the guided wave reflected from expressway guardrail posts	2017	Zhendong yu Chongji/Journal of Vibration and Shock	2017, Editorial Office of Journal of Vibration and Shock. All right reserved.In order to identify automatically the guided wave signal reflected from the end of an expressway guardrail post and further inspect the buried depth of the guardrail post, the phase characteristic of the guided wave at the end of the guardrail post was analyzed and investigated. It is concluded that the echo signal from the end face has the characteristic of reverse-phase with the excitation pulse signal through deducing and calculating the reflection coefficient. The simulation signals obtained by the finite element simulation software of ABAQUS and the measured signals of the guided wave were decomposed sparsely by using a matching pursuit algorithm based on Gabor dictionary respectively, then the phase characteristic of the echo signals were verified by the phase parameters of matching atoms. The measured signals were collected by detecting identify buried and free guardrail posts using T (0, 1) mode guided wave with the frequency of 64 kHz and 128 kHz, respectively. The experimental results of the simulated and measured signals are in good agreement with those of the theoretical analysis. The phase characteristic analysis of the echo signal provides a new way to the signal processing in guided wave detections.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mechanics of Materials,Acoustics and Ultrasonics,Mechanical Engineering	Guardrail post,Matching pursuit,Phase characteristic,Signal extraction,Ultrasonic guided-wave technology
Multi-objective Optimum Seeking Method of Intelligent Manufacturing Oriented CNC Machine Tool	2017	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2017, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.Considering the intelligent development trend of manufacturing industry in current and the key role of CNC machine tool in modern manufacturing engineering, a multi-objective optimum seeking method of CNC machine tool is proposed, which combines the advantages of quality function deployment (QFD), fuzzy linear regression, and zero-one goal programming (ZOGP). On the basis of studying intelligent manufacturing's specific requirements, QFD is utilized for examining the causal relationships between intelligent manufacturing's requirements and CNC machine tool's performances. The intelligent manufacturing's requirements are incorporated into machine tool selection by house of quality (HOQ). Fuzzy linear regression is used to determine the extent of functional relationships between intelligent manufacturing's requirements and machine tool's performances in the HOQ. The weight coefficients of CNC intelligent manufacturing's requirements indexes are calculated by analytic hierarchy process (AHP). Zero-one goal programming is used to select the optimal CNC machine tool. Taking the CNC machine tool's multi-objective decision problem in constructing an intelligent manufacturing platform as application case, and the optimal one with high comprehensive performance is selected from five alternative CNC machine tools. The study result shows that the proposed multi-objective optimum seeking method of intelligent manufacturing oriented CNC machine tool has high practicability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	CNC machine tool,Fuzzy linear regression,House of quality,Intelligent manufacturing,Optimum seeking method
Mobile Robotics	2017	Detecting and Mitigating Robotic Cyber Security Risks	2017, IGI Global. All rights reserved.Mobile robots are increasingly becoming the subject of research and a very important area of science, so that the 21st century will be named as the century of development of service robots. Mobile robots are an excellent "System Engineering" research example because it includes a lot of scientific research, namely in the area of mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, electronics, computer science, social science, and more. As mobile robots perform their tasks in the same environment as humans, mobile robots should have the abilities that people have. The mobile robots should be able to recognize faces, gestures, signs, objects, speech and atmosphere. Successful realization set of tasks results in bypassing obstacles without collision and destruction in the shortest possible time and distance. They should communicate with people on the basis of emotion. The range of mobile robots application is huge. Mobile robots have found application in many areas, but this chapter will cover the following distribution of mobile robots areas of application: medicine, agriculture, defense, logistics, construction, demolition, professional cleaning, space exploration, education and scientific research. The price of robots is declining steadily and they are coming into ever wider use. It is only a matter of time before robots become available to the population of today's high school students, just as it happened with computers and cell phones.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Bosnia and Herzegovina	1	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all)	None
Spinal pedicle screw planning using deformable atlas registration	2017	Physics in Medicine and Biology	2017 Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine.Spinal screw placement is a challenging task due to small bone corridors and high risk of neurological or vascular complications, benefiting from precision guidance/navigation and quality assurance (QA). Implicit to both guidance and QA is the definition of a surgical plan - i.e. the desired trajectories and device selection for target vertebrae - conventionally requiring time-consuming manual annotations by a skilled surgeon. We propose automation of such planning by deriving the pedicle trajectory and device selection from a patient's preoperative CT or MRI. An atlas of vertebrae surfaces was created to provide the underlying basis for automatic planning - in this work, comprising 40 exemplary vertebrae at three levels of the spine (T7, T8, and L3). The atlas was enriched with ideal trajectory annotations for 60 pedicles in total. To define trajectories for a given patient, sparse deformation fields from the atlas surfaces to the input (CT or MR image) are applied on the annotated trajectories. Mean value coordinates are used to interpolate dense deformation fields. The pose of a straight trajectory is optimized by image-based registration to an accumulated volume of the deformed annotations. For evaluation, input deformation fields were created using coherent point drift (CPD) to perform a leave-one-out analysis over the atlas surfaces. CPD registration demonstrated surface error of 0.89 ± 0.10 mm (median ± interquartile range) for T7/T8 and 1.29 ± 0.15 mm for L3. At the pedicle center, registered trajectories deviated from the expert reference by 0.56 ± 0.63 mm (T7/T8) and 1.12 ± 0.67 mm (L3). The predicted maximum screw diameter differed by 0.45 ± 0.62 mm (T7/T8), and 1.26 ± 1.19 mm (L3). The automated planning method avoided screw collisions in all cases and demonstrated close agreement overall with expert reference plans, offering a potentially valuable tool in support of surgical guidance and QA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	15	Radiological and Ultrasound Technology,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	atlas registration,automatic planning,image-guided surgery,pedicle screw,quality assurance,spine surgery,surgical guidance
Modeling of allocation control system of multifunctional resources for manufacturing systems	2017	2016 12th IEEE International Conference on Industry Applications, INDUSCON 2016	2016 IEEE.The Manufacturing System (MS) for the fourth industrial revolution, as known as industry 4.0, will be highly flexible in volume production and customization of products. The control system might be able to regenerate the MS in the occurrence of an unexpected event, such as the breakage of a machine. With the evolution of mechatronics systems, machines that have two or more functions in one and the same resource, such as drilling, turning and milling have been developed. These machines are the Multifunctional Machine Tools (MMT). But after the planning step, the MMT are seen as just as one more conventional machine with a single function and the multiple functions contained within it are not exploited, i.e. the functional flexibility of MMT are currently only considered during the production planning phase and encapsulated in that decision-making level. In this work, we proposed a methodology of control system modeling the resource allocation control system that has the capacity to regenerate the MS based on the concept of functional flexibility on the occurrence of an unexpected event such as breaking of a machine by use of the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system. The architecture to regenerate the MS was modeled using a Petri Net (PN).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	1	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	None
Prodrive technologies: 4.0 in action	2017	SMT Surface Mount Technology Magazine	Prodrive Technologies from Eindhoven, Netherlands, is a global provider of world-class technical products, systems, and automation solutions. From servo drives to automated guided vehicles (AGVs), Prodrive builds it, and creating their own factory of the future has been a significant part of their success. Creating their own systems that support or improve the production processes is one of Prodrive Technologies’ core competences. The Prodrive Technologies AGVs are a good example of an in-house development, taking care of the intelligent transport of components and products.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Multi-objective AGV scheduling in an FMS using a hybrid of genetic algorithm and particle swarm optimization	2017	PLoS ONE	2017 Mousavi et al.This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.Flexible manufacturing system (FMS) enhances the firm's flexibility and responsiveness to the ever-changing customer demand by providing a fast product diversification capability. Performance of an FMS is highly dependent upon the accuracy of scheduling policy for the components of the system, such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs). An AGV as a mobile robot provides remarkable industrial capabilities for material and goods transportation within a manufacturing facility or a warehouse. Allocating AGVs to tasks, while considering the cost and time of operations, defines the AGV scheduling process. Multi-objective scheduling of AGVs, unlike single objective practices, is a complex and combinatorial process. In the main draw of the research, a mathematical model was developed and integrated with evolutionary algorithms (genetic algorithm (GA), particle swarm optimization (PSO), and hybrid GA-PSO) to optimize the task scheduling of AGVs with the objectives of minimizing makespan and number of AGVs while considering the AGVs' battery charge. Assessment of the numerical examples' scheduling before and after the optimization proved the applicability of all the three algorithms in decreasing the makespan and AGV numbers. The hybrid GA-PSO produced the optimum result and outperformed the other two algorithms, in which the mean of AGVs operation efficiency was found to be 69.4, 74, and 79.8 percent in PSO, GA, and hybrid GA-PSO, respectively. Evaluation and validation of the model was performed by simulation via Flexsim software.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	33	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Multidisciplinary	None
AGV path planning based on improved genetic algorithm and implementation platform	2017	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2017, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.Aiming at the problem that Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) global path planning algorithm easy to fall into local minimum and slow convergence, the traditional Elitism Tactic was enhanced with Grey Wolf Optimization (GWO) to prevent population diversity worse gradually and improve its global search capability. To prevent genes on chromosomes to cluster around a small neighborhood, an Improved Genetic Algorithm (IGA) enhanced with adaptive mutation and crossover probability based on chromosome information entropy was proposed, in which a neighborhood mutation operator was adopted for gene fragments that intersected the obstacles to be avoided quickly. An AGV path planning platform for the proposed IGA was developed by using Matlab GUI tools. Experimental results showed that the proposed IGA and the developed platform could efficiently and reliably solve complex static environment AGV path planning problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive mutation,Grey wolf optimization algorithm,Information entropy,Neighborhood mutation
Calibration and application of ultrasonic sensor beam angle for mobile robots	2017	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	2017, Science Press. All right reserved.To improve the positional accuracy of the mobile robot at the worksite, the effect of ultrasonic sensor beam angle is analyzed on the basis of considering the incidence angle, and the functional relationship expression of ultrasonic distance measurement is established on regarding the ultrasonic sensor beam angle and the incident angle at the same time. Calibration method of the ultrasonic beam angle is proposed, and the ultrasonic sensor beam angle is obtained through the calibration experiment. It is clearly that the established functional relationship expression of ultrasonic sensor measurement improves the distance measurement precision evidently in the experiment. Based on the proposed expression, three positioning (lateral positioning, front positioning and orientation positioning) methods of the mobile robot are adopted by using two ultrasonic sensor installed on these any single side of robot at the worksite. Finally the method is used in the positioning experiment on the independently-developed mobile robot, and the correctness and effectiveness of the proposed method are verified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Instrumentation	Beam angle,Mobile robot,Positioning of automated guided vehicle (AGV),Ultrasonic sensor
Discrete event simulation method as a tool for improvement of manufacturing systems	2017	Computers	2017 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The problem of production flow in manufacturing systems is analyzed. The machines can be operated by workers or by robots, since breakdowns and human factors destabilize the production processes that robots are preferred to perform. The problem is how to determine the real difference in work efficiency between humans and robots. We present an analysis of the production efficiency and reliability of the press shop lines operated by human operators or industrial robots. This is a problem from the field of Operations Research for which the Discrete Event Simulation (DES) method has been used. Three models have been developed, including the manufacturing line before and after robotization, taking into account stochastic parameters of availability and reliability of the machines, operators, and robots. We apply the OEE (Overall Equipment Effectiveness) indicator to present how the availability, reliability, and quality parameters influence the performance of the workstations, especially in the short run and in the long run. In addition, the stability of the simulation model was analyzed. This approach enables a better representation of real manufacturing processes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	14	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Networks and Communications	Discrete event simulation,Human factors,Industrial robots,Machine reliability,OEE—overall equipment effectiveness
Fuzzy TOPSIS method with ordered fuzzy numbers for flow control in a manufacturing system	2017	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2016 Elsevier B.V.The aim of the paper is to present a practical solution to a particular real-life problem of discrete flow control in a manufacturing system. For this purpose a fuzzy Multi-Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) method, which is an extension of the Fuzzy Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (FTOPSIS) approach using Ordered Fuzzy Numbers (OFNs), is used. The paper includes a case study of the application of this method as a flow controller for the transport trolley in a flexible manufacturing system. The immediate aim of control is to choose the transport trolley's destination (production line). A set of criteria (parameters) for the evaluation of the flow's destination is suggested, related to time efficiency and equal workload of machines. The advantage of the proposed method is its ability to distinguish the type of criteria (benefit, cost) by using the orientation of ordered fuzzy numbers. An example of calculations using the presented method is shown and the results of the method, based on the simulation of a manufacturing system, are presented. The results thus obtained are compatible with flexible automation. In order to test the FTOPSIS method with OFNs the proposed flow control method is compared with the TOPSIS method and other simple control methods (dispatching rules). The proposed method is more efficient than the methods used for comparison and can be effective and efficient for diversified production and fast, automatic changeovers on production lines.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	37	Software	Discrete simulation,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Fuzzy TOPSIS method (FTOPSIS),Multi-criteria decision making method (MCDM),Ordered fuzzy numbers (OFNs)
Inter-terminal transportation: an annotated bibliography and research agenda	2017	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.The seemingly unlimited growth of containerized transport is nowadays associated with an increasing number of seaport container terminals and facilities as well as demand for port-centric value-added and just-in-time logistics services. Intense global and local competition as well as geographical limitations urgently require efficient means to handle inter-terminal transportation. Many factors influence the productivity and efficiency of inter-terminal transportation as well as its economic and environmental implications. In the last two decades, these aspects have led to a growing interest in research, in particular concerning decision analytics and innovative information technology aiming to better understand, improve, and operate inter-terminal transportation. In this paper, we present a chronological overview of related works as an annotated bibliography in order to reflect the current state of research. Furthermore, we identify future research issues and propose a respective research agenda.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	19	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Information technology,Inter-termal transportation,Optimization,Planning,Research agenda,Simulation,Survey
Robust control of nonholonomic wheeled mobile robot with past information: Theory and experiment	2017	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	Institution of Mechanical Engineers.In this article, a robust hybrid control method is presented for efficient path tracking control of a nonholonomic wheeled mobile robotic system under parametric and nonparametric variations. The present control law is a paradigm shift to control a wheeled mobile robot over a predefined trajectory by fusing the best features of the switching control logic as well as time-delayed control logic. The proposed hybrid control strategy aims at reducing the effort required for modeling the complex wheeled mobile robotic systems by approximating the unknown dynamics using input and feedback information of past time instances. Furthermore, the proposed methodology significantly reduces the approximation error arising from finite time-delay through the switching logic without any prior knowledge of the uncertainty bound. A new stability analysis for the time-delayed control is proposed which establishes an analytical relation between the controller performance and the approximation error. Performance of the proposed hybrid controller is tested with a real-life wheeled mobile robot and improved tracking performance is observed compared to conventional robust control strategies even with the incorporation of dynamic parametric uncertainties.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Nonholonomic system,robust control,time-delayed control,wheeled mobile robot
Multi-objective inverse scheduling optimization of single-machine shop system with uncertain due-dates and processing times	2017	Cluster Computing	2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.Generally, ideal manufacturing system environments are assumed before determining effective scheduling. However, the original schedule is no longer optimal or even to be infeasible due to many uncertain events. This paper investigates a multi-objective inverse scheduling problem in single-machine shop system with due-dates and uncertain processing parameters. Moreover, in order to more close the addressed problem into the situations encountered in real world, the processing parameters are considered to be uncertain stochastic parameters. First, a comprehensive mathematical model for multi-objective single-machine inverse scheduling problem (MSMISP) is addressed. Second, an effective hybrid multi-objective evolutionary algorithm (HMNL) is proposed to handle uncertain processing parameters (uncertainties) and multiple objectives at the same time. In HMNL, using an effective decimal system encoding scheme and genetic operators, the non-dominated sorting based on NSGA-II is adapted for the MSMISP. In addition, hybrid HMNL are proposed by incorporating an adaptive local search scheme into the well-known NSGA-II, where applies a separate local search process, total six strategies, to improve quality of solutions. Furthermore, an on-demand layered strategy is embedded into the elitism strategy to keep the population diversity. Afterwards, an external archive set is dynamically updated, where a non-dominated solution is selected to participate in the creation of the new population. Finally, 36 public problem instances with different scales and statistical performance comparisons are provided for the HMNL algorithm. This paper is the first to propose a mathematical model and develop a hybrid MOEA algorithm to solve MSMISP in inverse scheduling domain.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Software,Computer Networks and Communications	Inverse scheduling,Local search method,Multi-objective evolutionary algorithm,Single-machine shop system,Uncertain processing parameter
Scheduling of single-arm cluster tools for an atomic layer deposition process with residency time constraints	2017	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.In semiconductor manufacturing, there are wafer fabrication processes with wafer revisiting. Some of them must meet wafer residency time constraints. Taking atomic layer deposition (ALD) as a typical wafer revisiting process, this paper studies the challenging scheduling problem of single-arm cluster tools for the ALD process with wafer residency time constraints. It is found that there are only several scheduling strategies that are applicable to this problem and one needs to apply each of them to decide whether a feasible schedule can be found or not. This work, for each applicable strategy, performs the schedulability analysis and derives the schedulability conditions for such tools for the first time. It proposes scheduling algorithms to obtain an optimal schedule efficiently if such conditions are met. It finally gives illustrative examples to show the application of the proposed concepts and approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	74	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tool,discrete event system,robotic system,scheduling,semiconductor manufacturing
Simulation modelling in ports and container terminals: literature overview and analysis by research field, application area and tool	2017	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.The simulation modelling of shore- and sea-side port operations constitutes a fundamental prerequisite for effective project planning in port development, as the influence of numerous often interactive parameters has to be addressed at an early stage to account for the optimum supply of port facilities and services to current and future demand. This paper presents a detailed review of the available research literature on the application of simulation models in port development, through extensive reference to published journal papers from the onset of the relevant simulation modelling and through the course of the past 54 years (1961–2015). With focus on container terminals, this review aims at analysing the use of port related simulation models and ultimately at assessing their contribution into building the research knowledge necessary to promote sustainable ship-port interfaces and freight transport chains. It was found that over the past 50 years the use of simulation models has been increasingly favoured and instrumental in the development of ports and more specifically of container terminals. Most of the research literature addresses operational issues, accounting for its highest concentration and coherence in the research field of operations research, although the need to utilise the wide-ranging capabilities of simulation modelling in order to offer integrated solutions is recently promoting the dissemination of the relevant literature through sector-specific (i.e. transport and maritime) research fields. Finally, the observed tendency to employ simulation tools which offer the most realistic results reflects the research effort to ensure that simulation modelling offers tangible solutions to the maritime and transport industry.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Montenegro	45	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Application area,Literature overview,Ports and container terminals,Simulation modelling
Visual Navigation for Automatic Guided Vehicles Based on Active Contour Model	2017	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2017, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.Lane detection and tracking algorithm based on active contour model was proposed to solve the poor robustness and real-time problem for vision navigation under factory or agricultural nonlinear illumination conditions. First of all, it was illustrated that navigation problem was equivalent to calculation of polynomial curve parameters, which could describe the navigation lanes. Secondly, the external energy function of active contour model was investigated, including three energy terms. The first energy term was about the Euclidean distance between lane colors and colors on one side of polynomial curve, by minimizing the first energy term could attract polynomial curve to navigation lanes. The second energy term was about the edge features, which could attract polynomial curve to lane edges. The third energy term was about the position difference of polynomial curve between adjacent frames, which could limit curve to change abruptly. Finally, the energy function was simplified to a nonlinear least squares problem, and the Gauss-Newton method as well as the Armijo-Goldstein inexact line search method were used to solve this problem. Home video and independent car were tested, the result showed that the algorithm achieved a navigation accuracy of 98.96% for both the straight lane and bending lane under nonlinear illumination, with average processing time of 40.18 ms, and the independent car could walk along the navigation lane successfully. Experiment result showed that the algorithm was robust and real-time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Active contour models,Automatic guided vehicles,Gauss-Newton method,Visual navigation
Extraction Method of Navigation Baseline of Corn Roots Based on Machine Vision	2017	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2017, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.In order to achieve small agricultural automated guided vehicle (AGV) which could navigate autonomously between corn rows, a method was proposed which could quickly and accurately extract the centerlines of middle-late corn rows as the innovative methods of navigation baseline of agricultural robot in field environment. The algorithm was improved by the traditional 2G-R-B algorithm so that it could obtain the characteristics of green plants in real-time and also improve the robustness of image pre-processing. According to the vertical projection of corn crop's line, points of profile features of corn roots were generated. Using the detection algorithm of peak points, the backup location points of corn roots were obtained and then the location points of corn roots were got after the second judgment and detection. The least square method was used for fitting the location points of corn roots and two lines of crop rows were generated. The actual navigation baseline was calculated based on the formula angle bisector after the line slopes of two crop rows were generated respectively. In addition, the camera calibration process was simplified so that the image pixel coordinates could be converted into world coordinates quickly. The extracted angle and lateral deviation of navigation baselines were used as input parameters of navigation to control agriculture AGV. The experimental results showed that the method had strong robustness which could adapt to different environments and the accuracy of navigation baselines by detecting was more than 90%. The average processing time of a 700 pixels × 350 pixels color image was less than 185 ms which had a better real-time. The results provided a reliable reference method for autonomous navigation of the agricultural AGV in middle-late corn field.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agricultural AGV,Corn root,Detection of peak points,Machine vision,Navigation baseline
Comparative test between displacement and four-bar indirect measurement methods for tractor guide wheel angle	2017	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	2017, Editorial Department of the Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All right reserved.Wheel swivel angle is regarded as a critical parameter in agriculture automatic navigation system, and it can always be measured by using angle sensor. In engineering practice, angle sensor is difficult to fix, and the shaft is easily broken. In order to solve the problem, displacement indirect measurement method and four-bar indirect measurement method are proposed in this paper. Wheel rotation depends on steering cylinder piston movement, and the movement of steering cylinder piston causes the movement of steering trapezoidal mechanism. Therefore it is available to apply displacement sensor in measuring the position of the steering cylinder piston rod, and the displacement sensor is parallel fixed with the steering cylinder. Referring to the motion of steering trapezoidal mechanism, it is proposed to use the front axle, knuckle arm, connecting rod and pendulum rod to form a four-bar linkage. According to the fixed location of the displacement sensor and four-bar angle sensor, it is available to establish measurement models for those 2 indirect measurement methods, and calibrate the relation between sensor measurement and wheel swivel angle, but those 3 measurement methods are incapable to measure the real wheel swivel angle. In the 2 kinematic models of wheel vehicle, wheel swivel angle is the angle between wheel axis and vehicle body axis, and thus Ackerman transformation must be used for converting the test angle into wheel swivel angle. However, different vehicles are different in the transformation of Ackerman, and the ideal Ackerman transformation cannot be used. In fact, the rotation angles of left and right wheels have little bias with the wheel swivel angle when the wheel swivel angle is being in a small range in the middle of the pair. Therefore it is supposed that the measurement angle is the wheel swivel angle. Through automatic navigation precision comparison experiment, the advantages and disadvantages of different measurement methods are compared. The experiment is performed on basis of the LOVOL tractor M800, in which the self developed automatic navigation system was used, and an experiment platform was built. The experiment is completed on the asphalt pavement and the field, and the platform can be utilized to compare the accuracy of 3 measurement methods of wheel swivel angle and compare the accuracy of navigation through statistical analysis. The result shows that the four-bar angle sensor can provide the highest angle measurement accuracy and navigation accuracy. When the vehicle keeps the speed of about 4.2 km/h, the mean value of lateral deviation is -0.028 2 cm by using the four-bar angle sensor in the field, and the mean value of lateral deviation is -0.014 6 cm by using the hall angle sensor and 0.109 0 cm by using the displacement sensor in the same experiment environment. Therefore the four-bar indirect measurement method offers almost a navigation accuracy equal with the direct angle measurement, but the standard deviation of lateral deviation for automatic navigation of the four-bar indirect measurement method is 1.297 5 cm, which is less than the direct measurement method. But considering the displacement sensor wear, when the sensor has been used for about 50 h in the same environment, the mean value of lateral deviation is -0.456 1 cm. Thus the displacement angle measurement is incapable of replacing the direct angle measurement, while the four-bar angle sensor is capable to replace direct angle measurement method and can be further applied in practice, which is easily fixed and protected.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agricultural machinery,Automatic navigation,Displacement,Four-bar,Models,Navigation accuracy,Steering,Wheel swivel angle measure
Omni-directional AGV motion trajectory planning under the polar coordinate system	2017	2016 IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics-China, ICCE-China 2016	2016 IEEE.This paper designs omni-directional AGV(Automated Guided Vehicle) in the polar coordinates by combining with currently-used AGV in production and daily life and the Mecanum wheel [1-2]. Therefore, it is endowed with the ability to move in omni-direction in the production and daily life, which can greatly improve the efficiency of the machine operation, a higher utilization space and greater convenience. After the design is completed, it is tested and analyzed. Finally the paper makes a summary and prospect for the machine.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Instrumentation	AGV,Mecanum wheel,Omni-direction,Polar coordinate system
A dynamic truck dispatching problem in marine container terminal	2017	2016 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence, SSCI 2016	2016 IEEE.In this paper, a dynamic truck dispatching problem of a marine container terminal is described and discussed. In this problem, a few containers, encoded as work instructions, need to be transferred between yard blocks and vessels by a fleet of trucks. Both the yard blocks and the quay are equipped with cranes to support loading/unloading operations. In order to service more vessels, any unnecessary idle time between quay crane (QC) operations need to be minimised to speed up the container transfer process. Due to the unpredictable port situations that can affect routing plans and the short calculation time allowed to generate one, static solution methods are not suitable for this problem. In this paper, we introduce a new mathematical model that minimises both the QC makespan and the truck travelling time. Three dynamic heuristics are proposed and a genetic algorithm hyperheuristic (GAHH) under development is also described. Experiment results show promising capabilities the GAHH may offer.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	None
Experimental verification of operation and method of decision of maximum DC link voltage in wireless power transfer system	2017	IEEE Region 10 Annual International Conference, Proceedings/TENCON	2016 IEEE.This paper deals with a developed system that allows to drive an induction motor and charge a battery using wireless power transfer (WPT) for automated guided vehicle (AGV). The developed system enables to control output voltage of WPT by constantly moving the receiving coil and adjusting the gap length. It is desired that the system should withstand high voltage, and reduce copper loss and conduction loss in coil and power conversion circuits, respectively, to achieve high efficiency for the system. However, methods for determining the output voltage in the WPT system for AGVs has not been investigated yet. From the viewpoints, we investigate the allowable maximum output voltage provided by the developed WPT system. The maximum voltage is calculated using control equations including parameters of voltage booster, power supply voltage and battery current when the battery current control is adopted. Furthermore, experimental results reveal that the battery current control cannot be used beyond a maximum DC link voltage. In addition, a properly selected gap length of the coil is found to allow an induction motor to be driven and the battery to be charged using the WPT system. As a result, it is clarified by the experiments that the developed control system provides additively effective function to WPT for AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicle,battery current control,induction motor,wireless power transfer
Path planning algorithm under specific constraints in weighted directed graph	2017	ICALIP 2016 - 2016 International Conference on Audio, Language and Image Processing - Proceedings	2016 IEEE.At present, most of the path planning algorithms are only aimed at reaching the end point from the starting point. However, in practical applications, the existence of a variety of constraints increases the difficulty of path planning, so the Dijkstra algorithm, A∗ algorithm and other classical algorithms become no longer applicable in such a situation. In this paper, considering the various constraints in practical problems, we abstracted out such kind of path planning problem: In a weighted directed graph, paths need to be found which start from a source node, after passing through some specified intermediate nodes without repetition, and finally ends at a specified termination node. Based on Dijkstra algorithm and heuristic search principle, a feasible path planning algorithm is proposed with the new concept of 'inspired hop count' to balance the path weight and search time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Dijkstra,Heuristic search,Path planning,Specified node set,Weighted directed graph
A two-phase strategy with micro genetic algorithm for scheduling Multiple AGVs	2017	2016 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2016 - Conference Proceedings	2016 IEEE.We herein try to schedule multiple AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) in real time with two-phase strategy in the flexible manufacturing workshops. This study considers the impact of running time, vehicle stopping and turning of AGVs, and deals with static workshop scheduling, real-time workshop scheduling with time-window based micro genetic algorithm. And we present a two-stage scheduling strategy for offline shortest path library generation and online optimal scheduling scheme generation. The preliminary experimental results showed the efficiency and stability of the proposed strategy and algorithm for Multiple AGVs system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Human-Computer Interaction	Multi-AGVs system,Real-time scheduling,Time-window,Two-phase strategy
An inter-vehicular distance control considering path tracking and attitude angular error for obstacle avoidance	2017	SII 2016 - 2016 IEEE/SICE International Symposium on System Integration	2016 IEEE.In this paper, inter-vehicular distance control method is applied to the small vehicles such as automatic guided vehicles (AGVs). Path tracking and attitude angular error will turn up when vehicles take a detour to avoid obstacles, however, this phenomenon has not been explicitly considered in conventional methods. In this paper, we propose target velocity modification considering path tracking and attitude angular error and assess the effectiveness of it quantitatively by numerical simulation in a situation of obstacle avoidance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Biomedical Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Optimization	None
An efficient agent-based biological immune system approach to adaptive manufacturing system control	2017	International Journal of Robotics and Automation	An agent-based biological immune system (BIS) approach for adaptive health evaluation and control to a distributed manufacturing monitoring system is proposed. The presented approach establishes an immune monitoring model of a manufacturing system by exhibiting desirable immune characteristics, such as adaptation, immune recognition, immune memory and self-organization. In the BISbased structural model, a group of autonomous agents mimic immune cells (such as B-cells) in BIS, have local interactions with monitoring environment and deal with emerging problems by simulating immune responses. Simulating the biological immune mechanism is able to monitor, diagnose and learn the faults. The methods of recognition and evaluation of fault antigens are proposed which can be used to coordinate and control the manufacturing system. The physical simulation platform for biological immune-inspired monitoring system has been developed. The experimental results show the feasibility of using this approach for real-time health monitoring and coordination control of manufacturing system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Biological immune mechanism,Coordination control,Health evaluation,Immune monitoring system model,Multi-agent system
Localization of an autonomous personnel carrying vehicle in indoor environments	2017	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2017 ACM.There is an emerging need of intelligent vehicles on indoor environments such as university campuses, airports or shopping malls. These intelligent vehicles can help elderly, disabled, or people with heavy luggage. This paper describes an intelligent vehicle that can be used indoor as well as outdoor areas for this purpose. Finding the exact location for indoor robots is not an easy task, since Global Positioning System (GPS) is not available indoors. In this work onboard sensors such as motor encoder and steering-wheel encoder were used to obtain localization estimates. The errors are determined to be low even when the vehicle travels long distances.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Autonomous,Driverless vehicles,Obstacle avoidance
Design, experiment and error analysis of impulse radio-ultra wide band indoor positioning system used in agricultural warehousing	2017	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	2017, Editorial Department of the Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All right reserved.For the problem of low positioning accuracy about agricultural goods and AGV (automated guided vehicle) in the warehousing environment, a system model applicable to agricultural warehouse is developed, which uses IR-UWB (impulse radio - ultra wide band) technology. This system adopts SDS-TWR (symmetric double sided - two-way ranging) scheme to set up positioning system model, and uses TOA (time of arrival) location algorithm to locate the mobile station. First of all, this system measures the distance between base station and mobile station, and then gets the optimal solution of error function using nonlinear least squares method. The optimal solution is the coordinate of the mobile station. This system also takes into account the factors of carrier frequency deviation, researches the source of error and tries to find out the method to reduce it. The analysis shows the main source of positioning error in 2 aspects, namely the method of distance measurement, and the method of calculating the position of the target nodes by the distance value. And we put forward the corresponding countermeasures for these 2 aspects, such as the selection of ranging algorithm, and the arrangement of the base stations. IR-UWB has many advantages such as strong anti-interference ability, high range accuracy, low power consumption, fast transmission speed and good security. Because of the convenience to layout network nodes and no strict requirements in the field environment, it is suitable for the field of agricultural warehousing. Finally, we design the positioning system of mobile and base station nodes based on DW1000 RF (radio frequency) chip, and respectively carry out static ranging experiments, static positioning experiments and dynamic positioning experiments. To increase contrast, this article also adds comparative trial, which uses TWR ranging algorithm. The static ranging experiments of this system adopt 6 distances of 10, 15, 20, 30, 40 and 50 m, and collects around 3 000 sets of data respectively. The experiments show that the error of the mean value between the actual distance and the ranging distance is less than 50 mm, and the root mean-square error is less than 41 mm using SDS-TWR ranging algorithm. However, the former is more than 110 mm and the latter is more than 60 mm using TWR ranging algorithm in the same experiment condition. In the static positioning experiments we conduct some experiments to measure coordinates of some spots under the fixed coordinate system. The result shows the positioning error is less than 50 mm and the root mean-square error is less than 69 mm with SDS-TWR ranging algorithm. And the positioning error is more than 90 mm and the root mean-square error is more than 115 mm with TWR ranging algorithm in the same experiment condition. In the dynamic positioning experiments, according to the actual situation of agricultural material warehouse, we move the mobile station along 5 produce aisles and 9 routes, and obtain the distance between the gathered data and the actual path. The experiments show that the positioning accuracy is 85 mm, which can meet requirement of 150 mm positioning accuracy. Comprehensive experiments show the system set up by this paper can satisfy the requirements of practical application in indoor agricultural material storage.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Error analysis,Impulse radio-ultra wide band (IR-UWB),Position control,Time of arrival (TOA),Warehouse,Wireless positioning
Bot-in-time delivery for robotic mobile fulfillment systems	2017	IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management	1988-2012 IEEE.This paper studies a robotic mobile fulfillment system (RMFS) featured by robots transporting movables shelves to order pickers. The RMFS can increase productivity, reduce costs, increase order picking accuracy, and improve operational flexibility. We build queue network models to describe the RMFS with two protocols in sharing robots for pickers, propose the corresponding algorithms, conduct numerical analyses, and evaluate the performance of the RMFS by calculating the throughput time. We then calculate the optimal number and the velocity of robots, and provide the effective design rules for the RMFS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	20	Strategy and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distribution center,facility design,mobile fulfillment system,order picking,queue networks,robotic warehouse,speedy delivery,warehouse management
Dynamically feasible, energy efficient motion planning for skid-steered vehicles	2017	Autonomous Robots	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.Recent research has developed experimentally verified dynamic models for skid-steered wheeled vehicles and used these results to derive a power model for this important class of all-terrain vehicles. As presented in this paper, based on the torque limitations of the vehicle motors, the dynamic model can be used to develop payload and terrain-dependent minimum turn radius constraints and the power model can be used to predict the energy consumption of a given trajectory. This paper uses these results along with sampling based model predictive optimization to develop an effective methodology for generating dynamically feasible, energy efficient trajectories for skid-steered autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) and compares the resultant trajectories with those based on the standard distance optimal trajectories. The simulated and experimental results consider an AGV moving at a constant forward velocity on both wood and asphalt surfaces under various payloads. The results show that a small increase in the distance of a trajectory over the distance optimal trajectory can result in a dramatic savings in the AGV’s energy consumption. They also show that distance optimal planning can often produce trajectories that violate the motor torque constraints for skid-steered AGVs, which can result in poor navigation performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	13	Artificial Intelligence	Dynamic modeling,Energy efficient,Motion planning,Power modeling,Skid-steered vehicles
Design and Optimization of Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Controller for Delta Parallel Robot Trajectory Control	2017	International Journal of Fuzzy Systems	2016, Taiwan Fuzzy Systems Association and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.In the view of the problem of designing and optimization of interval type-2 fuzzy logic controller (IT2 FLC) for Delta robot trajectory control, a systematic design method is put forward in this paper. A type-1 fuzzy logic controller (T1 FLC) is designed and optimized. Then, three kinds of method to blur the T1 fuzzy membership functions are proposed to generate IT2 fuzzy sets from the optimized T1 fuzzy sets. A systematic analysis is carried out to study the relationship between blur methods, blur degree and output control surface of IT2 FLC. Output signal enhance coefficient is proposed to make sure the IT2 FLC to provide enough output signal. The optimized IT2 FLC is validated through a set of simulations and by comparing against its type-1 counterpart in the presence of external and internal uncertainties. The simulation results show the optimized IT2 FLC can provide better trajectory tracking performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Control surface,Delta robot,Interval type-2 fuzzy logic control,Optimization,Trajectory tracking control
Towards MRI-Based Autonomous Robotic US Acquisitions: A First Feasibility Study	2017	IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging	2016 IEEE.Robotic ultrasound has the potential to assist and guide physicians during interventions. In this work, we present a set of methods and a workflow to enable autonomous MRI-guided ultrasound acquisitions. Our approach uses a structured-light 3D scanner for patient-to-robot and image-to-patient calibration, which in turn is used to plan 3D ultrasound trajectories. These MRI-based trajectories are followed autonomously by the robot and are further refined online using automatic MRI/US registration. Despite the low spatial resolution of structured light scanners, the initial planned acquisition path can be followed with an accuracy of 2.46 ± 0.96 mm. This leads to a good initialization of the MRI/US registration: the 3D-scan-based alignment for planning and acquisition shows an accuracy (distance between planned ultrasound and MRI) of 4.47 mm, and 0.97 mm after an online-update of the calibration based on a closed loop registration.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	33	Software,Radiological and Ultrasound Technology,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic imaging,image-guidance,medical robotics,multi-modal registration,robotic ultrasound,ultrasonic imaging
Combined road following control and automatic lane keeping for automated guided vehicles	2017	2016 14th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2016	2016 IEEE.The paper addresses the operational reliability and safety of automated guided vehicles along roadways. These operations most often require very tight integration of environmental sensing and vehicle dynamics control. This contribution relies on determining the relevant lane boundaries using conventional camera sensor and proposes a constrained longitudinal and lateral control strategy for fully automated guided vehicle (AGV) which dynamics are described by a nonlinear nonholonomic model with two inputs, the rear axle torque and the steering angle torque. The objective is to control the AGV to track a desired generated trajectory while preventing lane departure. Aiming at this purpose, a vision-based algorithm is used to determine the boundaries of road lanes with respect to the vehicle, a reference trajectory within these lane boundaries is then generated based on Hermite basis functions. The control inputs for the AGV are subsequently designed in such a way it tracks the given trajectory while its position remains in the lane boundaries. The Integral Barrier Lyapunov functionals (iBLFs) are employed to address the AGV position constraints to ensure safe autonomous navigation. Numerical simulations are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	4	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
Model predictive motion control of autonomous forklift vehicles with dynamics balance constraint	2017	2016 14th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2016	2016 IEEE.In this paper, a model predictive control is developed for motion planning and control of nonholonomic autonomous forklifts. The proposed model predictive motion control (MPMC) determines the control inputs for tracking a desired path through minimising path-following error, subject to nonholonomic and dynamic balance constraints of the forklift. MPMC also automatically adjusts the tracking velocity and acceleration to traverse the path as fast as possible without violating constraints while minimising the tracking error. In order to facilitate the real-time implementation of MPMC for industrial applications, a successive online linearisation of the nonlinear discrete-time kinematic model of the forklift is employed along with linear time-varying approximation of the tracking errors. The effectiveness of the proposed method has been demonstrated through simulations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	2	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
Study on single-phase contactless power transfer system for AGVs	2017	19th International Conference on Electrical Machines and Systems, ICEMS 2016	2016 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.This paper studies on a single-phase contactless power transfer system for automatic guided vehicles (AGVs). This system consists of transmitter lines placed on a floor and a receiver coil installed in AGVs. The design of the cables and lines is described. The several arrangement of ferrite bars for the receiver coil are compared to obtain maximum mutual inductances between the transmitter lines and the receiver coil. The voltage supplied to the AGV is controlled at 24 V by the buck boost converter on the DC stage in the receiver. Numerical simulation results confirm the single-phase contactless power transfer system can perform effectively as a power supply system for AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Contactless power transfer system,resonant capacitor,single-phase
Sustainable supply chain management in the digitalisation era: The impact of Automated Guided Vehicles	2017	Journal of Cleaner Production	2016 Elsevier LtdInternationalization of markets and climate change introduce multifaceted challenges for modern supply chain (SC) management in the today's digitalisation era. On the other hand, Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems have reached an age of maturity that allows for their utilization towards tackling dynamic market conditions and aligning SC management focus with sustainability considerations. However, extant research only myopically tackles the sustainability potential of AGVs, focusing more on addressing network optimization problems and less on developing integrated and systematic methodological approaches for promoting economic, environmental and social sustainability. To that end, the present study provides a critical taxonomy of key decisions for facilitating the adoption of AGV systems into SC design and planning, as these are mapped on the relevant strategic, tactical and operational levels of the natural hierarchy. We then propose the Sustainable Supply Chain Cube (S2C2), a conceptual tool that integrates sustainable SC management with the proposed hierarchical decision-making framework for AGVs. Market opportunities and the potential of integrating AGVs into a SC context with the use of the S2C2 tool are further discussed.	Journal	j	re	Review	Greece	60	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Decision-making framework,Literature taxonomy,Sustainable Supply Chain Cube (S2C2) tool,Sustainable supply chain management
Systematic Product Development of Control and Diagnosis Functionalities	2017	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In the scientific field of systematic product development a wide range of helpful methods, guidelines and tools were generated and published in recent years. Until now little special attention was given to design guidelines aiming at supporting product development engineers to design products that allow and support control or diagnosis functions. The general trend to ubiquitous computing and the first development steps towards cognitive systems as well as a general trend toward higher product safety, reliability and reduced total cost of ownership (TCO) in many engineering fields lead to a higher importance of control and diagnosis. In this paper a first attempt is made to formulate general valid guidelines how products can be developed in order to allow and to achieve effective and efficient control and diagnosis. The guidelines are elucidated on the example of an automated guided vehicle. One main concern of this paper is the integration of control and diagnosis functionalities into the development of complete systems which include mechanical, electrical and electronic subsystems. For the development of such systems the strategies, methods and tools of systematic product development have attracted significant attention during the last decades. Today, the functionality and safety of most products is to a large degree dependent on control and diagnosis functionalities. Still, there is comparatively little research concentrating on the integration of the development of these functionalities into the overall product development processes. The paper starts with a background describing Systematic Product Development. The second section deals with the product development of the sample product. The third part clarifies the notions monitoring, control and diagnosis. The following parts summarize some insights and formulate first hypotheses concerning control and diagnosis in Systematic Product Development.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
An automated elevator management and multi-floor estimation for indoor mobile robot transportation based on a pressure sensor	2017	Proceedings of the 2016 17th International Conference on Mechatronics - Mechatronika, ME 2016	2016 Czech Technical University in Prague.In this paper, a new system is presented to manage the elevator operations. A Wi-Fi socket is established to connect with the ADAM module for calling the elevator and requesting the destination floor. This technique does not provide any feedback on the elevator's door status or its current floor which in some situations can make the robot losing its way to the destination. Computer vision can be utilized to identify the current floor. In some special situation (human obstacle between the robot camera and the floor number indicator, difficult light conditions etc.) the robot fails to detect its current floor number. Height measurements can be used in addition. The LPS25HB pressure sensor and the STM32L053 microcontroller as a height measurements system hardware platform are configured and programmed to sense the environment and detect the current floor number. An ultrasonic sensor is used to recognize the elevator door status. Two methods are applied to handle the pressure variations: a) Smoothing filter is used to handle the small variation in pressure sensor output. A practical analysis is performed to choose the filter parameter for balancing between the required time and the pressure reading stability. b) An adaptive calibration method is used to calibrate the sensor readings for the robot's current floor before entering the elevator to overcome the wide range of variation in daily pressure. The earlier developed localization method for multi-floor environment is utilized to identify the robot's current floor number outside the elevator. The developed method has been integrated into a real laboratory mobile robot transportation system. Numerous experiments have been implemented on different floors of a typical life sciences building to find the average and tolerance of the pressure in different floors, obtaining the daily variation of the pressure sensor, and finally validating the proposed elevator operation management system based H20 mobile robot. The validation experiments prove an efficient performance of the presented system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Mechanical Engineering	Elevator Handler,Mobile Robot,Multi-Floor,Pressure Sensor,Transportation System
Design and implementation of autonomous mobile device with adaptive control	2017	Proceedings of the 2016 17th International Conference on Mechatronics - Mechatronika, ME 2016	2016 Czech Technical University in Prague.The problem of autonomous vehicles mobility and their orientation in space is an important issue today in the manufacturing sector, especially in relation with the application of standard Industry 4.0. In our paper is presented the design of autonomous mobile device. When designing device, we focused on its wide usability and flexibility in deployment, which was reflected in its architecture. The proposal of device contents necessary sensor system, an important part of the device is system for image processing in real time with sufficient computing capacity. Device computing capacity allows to use more complex control algorithms for orientation in space. Final design include communication channels redundancy for the case of failure of any part of the system. For the implementation of control algorithms was chosen software tool Matlab and its toolbox Simulink.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	1	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Mechanical Engineering	autonomous vehicle,Industry 4.0,Matlab-Simulink,motion subsystem,sensor subsystem
Linear motion type transfer robot using the wireless power transfer system	2017	ISAP 2016 - International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation	2016 IEICE.Linear-motion transfer robots are wired to receive power via a sleeve commonly known as Cableveyor. The Cableveyor system has two drawbacks: power losses due to their weights and breaks in wire. To solve these challenges, we are working on the development of a wireless transfer robot. This robot has feature to reduce its radiation noise by utilizing the double-peak feature of magnetic resonance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Radiation,Computer Networks and Communications,Instrumentation	Class-E,Transfer Robot,Wireless power transfer
Siemens CPU1215C input expansion and remote monitoring with Arduino bridge	2017	Proceedings - 2016 6th International Annual Engineering Seminar, InAES 2016	2016 IEEE.Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC) are widely used in industrial to run an automated system. PLC must have some means of receiving and interpreting signal from another device such as sensors and switches. There are two main type of PLC input, discrete and analog. Arduino was built as a bridge or interface adding the capabilities of Siemens PLC CPU1215C to receive another type of input. In this study, Arduino is used to connect PLC with SHT11 sensor which has two wire serial communication. SHT11 temperature, humidity and dew-point data are read by Arduino and transmitted to PLC through LAN network provided by an Ethernet shield. The data can be send to MySQL server and displayed into PHP web page as monitoring screen. Using Arduino Mega 2560 and Wiznet W5100 Ethernet shield, single SHT11 data acquisition and monitoring needs 100 msec to read sensor value, 360 msec to connect and write data to PLC and 4.12 sec to connect and save data to database server, overall it needs 4.58 sec. The entire runtime determine the cycle period and it helps assign this Arduino bridge for the right application. The runtime obatined is feasible for non time critical application.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	2	Computer Science Applications,Biomedical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	arduino,cpu1215c,database,ethernet shield,expansion,input,lan,monitoring,plc,remote,settimino
A GA-based optimisation model for big data analytics supporting anticipatory shipping in Retail 4.0	2017	International Journal of Production Research	2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In Retail 4.0, omni-channels require a seamless and complete integration of all available channels for purchasing. The diversification of channels not only diversifies data sources, but also rapidly generates an enormous amount of data. This highlights a need of big data analytics to extract meaningful knowledge for decision-making. In addition, anticipatory shipping is getting more popular to ensure fast product delivery. The goal is to predict when a customer will make a purchase and then begin shipping the product to the nearest distribution centres before the customer places the orders online. This paper proposes a genetic algorithm (GA)-based optimisation model to support anticipatory shipping. Cloud computing is deployed to store the big data generated from all channels. Cluster-based association rule mining is applied to discover the purchase pattern and predict future purchase in terms of If-Then prediction rules. A modified GA is then used to generate optimal anticipatory shipping plans. Apart from transportation cost and travelling distance, the confidence of prediction rules is also considered in the GA. A number of numerical experiments have been carried out to demonstrate the trade-off of different factors in anticipatory shipping, and the optimisation reliability of the model is verified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	24	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	anticipatory shipping,association rule mining,data mining,genetic algorithms,retail supply chain
Reliability of cyber physical systems with focus on building management systems	2017	2016 IEEE 35th International Performance Computing and Communications Conference, IPCCC 2016	2016 IEEE.Cyber-physical systems are slowly emerging to dominate our world. Cyber-physical systems (CPS) are systems that tightly integrates users, devices and software. Whereas many of these systems are obviously safety-critical systems, some of them become so under special circumstances. This is the case with our focus CPS, i.e. building management systems (BMS), which are not always safety critical per se, but under special circumstances they can become such. This certainly depends on the purpose of the building. We can easily imagine BMS of hospital buildings as safety-critical, but also BMS of buildings that store sensitive materials and equipment that could be of biological nature or encompassing sensitive technology that would need special temperature, humidity and light settings. For this reason, in this paper we would like to emphasize on the importance of reliability of CPS in general, with a special focus on BMS, as our area of interest. Furthermore, we also propose a classification of buildings with respect to the necessity of having their reliability evaluated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	14	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture	building management systems,challenge,cyber-physical systems,reliability
Enhancement of an Automated Guided Cart	2017	2016 Pattern Recognition Association of South Africa and Robotics and Mechatronics International Conference, PRASA-RobMech 2016	2016 IEEE.This paper presents the improvement of an Automated Guided Cart (AGC) used for material handling at the General Motors South Africa (GMSA) assembly plant in Struandale near Port Elizabeth. The main objective was to ensure a low-cost solution while still being able to perform the desired requirements of an AGC effectively. New DC brushed motors were incorporated into from the design which included a better drive shaft and wheel system as well as providing more torque and the option to include optical encoders. Further improvements include the replacement of the motor controller so that line following performance could be enhanced and demonstrate high stability, including branching of the path. A short range laser finder was implemented providing improved sensory perception of the AGC. The modified AGC demonstrated sound performance in trials and experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	AGC,AGV,Material handling
Electrochemical capacitor powered Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs)	2017	EVS 2017 - 30th International Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition	2017 MOBI - Mobility, Logistics and Automotive Technology Research Centre.The majority of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are powered by on-board battery storage systems, lead- acid batteries being the most common technology. Although electrochemical capacitors store considerably less energy than batteries and are much more expensive, they can often provide lower ownership costs in AGV applications, primarily because of their very high cycle life and extremely long operational life. We examine application requirements needed to support economic use of electrochemical capacitor storage in AGVs. Performance details are reported for an AGV demonstration system that is powered by electrochemical capacitors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Fuel Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Automotive Engineering	Automated Vehicles,Battery,Cycle life,EDLC,Electric Double Layer Capacitor
Implementation of Automated Guided Vehicle System in Healthcare Facility	2017	Procedia Engineering	2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.The article deals with the use of automated guided vehicle (AGV) system in the hospital. This paper provides the requirements and technical specifications of AGV cart designed for healthcare facility. The second part describes the application and benefits of AGV implementation in selected health care facility gained from computer simulation that is used as a verification tool. This part also contains the economic evaluation of this implementation and summary of further investments related to this technology.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	7	Engineering (all)	AGV,efficiency,healthcare,improvement,simulation
Reliability modelling of automated guided vehicles using petri nets	2017	Risk, Reliability and Safety: Innovating Theory and Practice - Proceedings of the 26th European Safety and Reliability Conference, ESREL 2016	2017 Taylor & Francis Group, London.An automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a mobile vehicle that travels along predefined routes to deliver desired tasks. Such vehicles are widely used in various industrial applications due to attributes such as high efficiency, low cost, minimised human errors etc. To enhance these added values, research has been conducted on various aspects, including traffic management, control strategy and route optimisation. However the question of how to ensure that the AGV can be used in the most efficient manner and how to achieve its maximum availability via optimum maintenance strategies is still unresolved. This motivates the research detailed in this paper.A typical material distribution AGV system used in warehouses is taken as an example to develop a simulation modelling approach for understanding and predicting the reliability of the AGVs throughout a prescribed mission. As shown in Figure 1, the selected AGV consists of 2 input components, 4 output components, and batteries for power supply.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Safety Research,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Navigating an Auto Guided vehicle using rotary encoders and proportional controller	2017	International Journal of Integrated Engineering	Auto Guided Vehicle (AGV) is commonly used in industry to reduce labour cost and to improve the productivity. A few programmable devices are combined in an AGV to optimize the usage of time and energy. AGV is widely used to transport goods and materials from one place to another place. For the first generation of AGV was used the track to guide the AGV but it was not flexible enough. This study investigates an alternative to control an AGV using two rotary encoders and proportional controller. Arduino Mega 2560 was used as a microcontroller to receive and process the signals from the rotary encoders. Logic controller and proportional controller were implemented to control the AGV, respectively. The coefficient of proportional controller was optimized to improve the performance of the AGV during navigation process. Findings show that AGV with the proportional controller with coefficient 1.5 achieved the best performance during the navigation process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (miscellaneous),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Auto guided vehicle,Proportional controller,Rotary encoder
Optimization of an agv based assembly line feeding system by analytical simulation approach and taguchi design of experiments	2017	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	Automated guided vehicles (AGV) are unmanned transport systems for the transport of materials in various production environments. AGVs used to provide an efficient parts supply to the line on time and at minimum cost. In this paper we focus on minimizing the number of AGVs (AGV fleet size) and improving the utilization, which are used to feed the mixed-model assembly line at one of the major automobile assembly plants in Turkey. An analytical simulation approach is presented to optimize the AGV fleet size for the production system and AGVs utilization rates. A simulation model is presented for the production environment and validated through analytical approach from literature. Position and design of the kitting area and number of AGV trolleys are optimized using design of experiments considering the changes in different system parameters like AGV velocity, traffic interactions and battery-charging schemes. A L4 (32) orthogonal array is implemented to evaluate the optimal factor settings to optimize the number and average utilization of AGVs. The results show that presented model is an effective tool for determining the number of AGV required while maximizing the utilization rates.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Assembly line,Automated guided vehicles,Simulation,Taguchi experimental design
The Dynamics of Data Packet in Transmission Session	2017	IEEE Access	2017 IEEE.This paper presents a coordinated framework of prepared data packet transmission in a transmission session. Automated guide vehicles (AGVs) with an onboard 1-km range APC transmitter are used to establish the network environment for testing the prepared packet transmission session. An evaluation technique of the dataflow through the network was carried out. The captured transmission parameters offer an inbound and outbound limit of dataflow through which the AGVs communicate with each other. The findings of this paper indicate that the ideal transmission rates at the frequency of 434 MHz and at a baud rate of 19200 bps was found to be 25 ms in between each 56-B data packets. The range of distance between the transmitter and the receiver was 0.5 to 970 m. The transmitter had a 1-km range limitation. As the applications for which the communication model was developed did not require long distances, the transmitter's range limitation was sufficient. Further tests validated these transmission session parameters values. The proposed techniques can be implemented as logistic and automation solutions in the manufacturing industry.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	2	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	APC transmitter,Data packet,dataflow,transmission session
Security and evaluation on AGV	2017	49th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2017	49th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2017. All rights reserved.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) reduce labour force intensity and the risk of work, and improve the production efficiency, thus making AGV in all walks of life to the rapid development. As a kind of AGV, "Goods to man" warehouse robot which collects image recognition, sensing technology, mechanical control, motion control and so on, is an autonomous navigation mobile robot. Because it's small and run fast, it is gradually applied to large Warehousing and electricity. With the rapid development of electricity industry, warehouse robot product demands outbreak, but its quality problems highlighted, and the existing testing standards and technology is difficult to adapt to the rapid development of the industry. In order to effectively regulate the quality of warehouse robot, CSTC relies on the national robot inspection and testing of public service platform, and conducted an in-depth study of the warehouse robot in measurement index system, thus making the first domestic "warehouse robot evaluation standard" which covered the description and evaluation methods of basic parameters, functions, performance. The research compensate for the industry's lack of standards and evaluation methods for warehouse robot. In order to ensure the validity and normality of the evaluation standard, special experts and representative enterprises are invited to discuss and make suggestions on a case-by-case basis, which further promoted the refinement and perfection of the evaluation standard. Finally, based on the practical application scenarios and complex working conditions, CSTC referred to the "warehouse robot evaluation standard", and carried out warehouse robot product evaluation activities, then found deficiencies of the warehouse robot in the basic parameters, functions, performance. Through evaluation activities, it improves the quality of products, and pro-mote the healthy development of warehouse robot industry.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence,Building and Construction	None
Shop floor AGV assignment optimization with uncertain request arrival	2017	67th Annual Conference and Expo of the Institute of Industrial Engineers 2017	Automated guided vehicles (AGV) have been widely used to transport sub-assembled products in a production facility. Products typically have pre-planned routes on a shop floor, however, the arrivals of production requests are uncertain. In this paper, we optimize the AGV assignment for dynamic requests of transportation between work centers in the shop floor, to minimize products' waiting time for transportation with uncertain arrivals of requests. We develop two AGV assignment strategies: a heuristic AGV assignment rule keeping at least one vehicle at each work center for large vehicle fleet sizes (K1) and a strategy based on a mix-integer optimization model minimizing waiting time of two sequential requests for small vehicle fleet sizes (OA). The second strategy takes advantage of the predictability of transportation requests after all products have entered the shop floor. Both strategies are compared with the commonly adopted random assignment strategy (RR) on the simulation platform, and the average waiting time is shortened for 82% and 16% respectively.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV assignments,Discrete-event simulation,Optimization
Multiobjective optimization for job scheduling at automated container terminals	2017	Proceedings of the 14th International Symposium on Operational Research, SOR 2017	2017 Slovenian Society Informatika. All Rights Reserved.The objective of this paper is traffic control and optimization for job scheduling of an Automated Guided Vehicle System which is embedded in a container terminal. The aim of AGV scheduling is not only reduces the cost of terminal operation but also maximizes the system performance. This study first formulates mathematical model which is focused on the optimization of job scheduling. The model considers two objectives (i.e., AGV traveling time by minimization vehicle waiting times for quay cranes involved) and their weighted sum is investigated as the representative example. In addition, the study is extended to seek optimal schedule in AGV system using multi-objective genetic algorithm which yields improvements in system throughput along with a decrease in the numbers of AGVs. The algorithm deals with multi-constrained scheduling problem with shared resources. The developed model is verified by a computer simulation using MATLAB environment. Results of simulation and experiments applied on real container terminal are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Strategy and Management,Modeling and Simulation,Management of Technology and Innovation,Numerical Analysis,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Computational Theory and Mathematics	AGVs,Job scheduling,Multi-objective optimization problem
A Vision/Inertia Integrated Positioning Method Using Position and Orientation Matching	2017	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2017 Xiaoyue Zhang and Liang Huo.A vision/inertia integrated positioning method using position and orientation matching which can be adopted on intelligent vehicle such as automated guided vehicle (AGV) and mobile robot is proposed in this work. The method is introduced firstly. Landmarks are placed into the navigation field and camera and inertial measurement unit (IMU) are installed on the vehicle. Vision processor calculates the azimuth and position information from the pictures which include artificial landmarks with the known direction and position. Inertial navigation system (INS) calculates the azimuth and position of vehicle in real time and the calculated pixel position of landmark can be computed from the INS output position. Then the needed mathematical models are established and integrated navigation is implemented by Kalman filter with the observation of azimuth and the calculated pixel position of landmark. Navigation errors and IMU errors are estimated and compensated in real time so that high precision navigation results can be got. Finally, simulation and test are performed, respectively. Both simulation and test results prove that this vision/inertia integrated positioning method using position and orientation matching has feasibility and it can achieve centimeter-level autonomic continuous navigation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
The Pransky interview: Mitchell Weiss, CTO, seegrid corporation	2017	Industrial Robot	Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose - The purpose of this paper is a "Q&A interview" conducted by Joanne Pransky of Industrial Robot Journal as a method to impart the combined technological, business and personal experience of a prominent, robotic industry engineer-turned-entrepreneur regarding the evolution, commercialization and challenges of bringing a technological invention to market. Design/methodology/approach - The interviewee is Mitchell Weiss, Chief Technology Officer (CTO) for Seegrid Corporation, a manufacturer of stereo vision-guided robots and vehicle control systems. As an accomplished executive of automation and robotics companies, Weiss shares his experiences and industry knowledge, including his first full-time job out of college at Unimation, the world's first robot company. Findings - Weiss received a Bachelor of Science from MIT and a Graduate Certificate in Intellectual Property (IP) from Northeastern University, has taught at Penn State and the University of Pennsylvania and has lectured at MIT. He has served as the Chief Operating Officer at Seegrid Corp.; CTO at Brooks Automation; CTO and Vice President of PRI Automation; President of ProgramMation, Inc.; and Chief Engineer and Co-Founder at United States Robots, Inc. Originality/value - Weiss holds 24 patents, is an expert witness in IP litigation, is Vice Chair of ASTM F45 Driverless Automatic Guided Industrial Vehicles and is a member of ANSI/ITSDF B56.5 Safety Standard for Driverless, Automatic Guided Industrial Vehicles and Automated Functions of Manned Industrial Vehicles. He is also one of the co-authors of the 1986 McGraw-Hill book Industrial Robotics: Technology, Programming, and Applications. Weiss has led his high-technology robotic and automation companies to be successful in the installation of worldwide automation systems in semiconductor manufacturing, electronics manufacturing, automotive and warehousing and distribution. His technical achievements in product design, development and production combined with his business expertise in fund-raising, initial public offering and mergers & acquisitions provide companies with a unique, forward-thinking technology roadmap.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	3D imaging,Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Autonomous robots,Navigation,Robot vision,Safety
Computer Simulation as a Tool for the Optimization of Logistics Using Automated Guided Vehicles	2017	Procedia Engineering	2017 The Authors.The article describes results of the research project and at the same time, it introduces the method of the determination of number of automated guided vehicles and choosing of optimal internal company logistics track. New technologies are fundamentally changing the internal logistics and internal logistics is therefore gradually becoming adaptive, and that requires changes in the whole concept of future solutions. One example is automated logistics system of planned operation of manufacturing semi-products intra-process of components production in the automotive industry. The simulation results of the logistics system were variants for increasing the use of the operation areas, optimized material supply and created layout that would be able to flexibly response to the future company requirements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	11	Engineering (all)	automated guided vehicle,automated logistics system,Computer simulation,plant Simulation
An energy saving scheduling method for just in time material handling in mixed-model assembly line	2017	ASME 2017 12th International Manufacturing Science and Engineering Conference, MSEC 2017 collocated with the JSME/ASME 2017 6th International Conference on Materials and Processing	Copyright  2017 ASME.Driven by the green logistics, automated guided vehicle (AGV) has been widely accepted as a new transportation tool for in-house logistics, which enables a timely supply of parts to the designated workstations with less energy consumption. However, the existing scheduling methods for AGV scheduling are designed to minimize inventory or cost without explicitly considering energy saving. To fill the gap, this paper proposes an AGV scheduling model for energy saving in a mixed-model assembly line, where AGVs can have variable travel speeds. A mixed-integer model is constructed and an exact solution procedure is provided. Simulation studies are performed to investigate the main factors that determine the energy consumption and to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Research on AGV trajectory tracker based on Fuzzy control	2017	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2017, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.Aiming at the problem of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) trajectory tracking, a fuzzy controller is designed by the fuzzy control principle. The distance deviation and the angle deviation of the car are taken as the input variables of the fuzzy variable, and the voltage analog quantity can be used as the output variable. The traditional PID controller and the designed fuzzy controller are simulated by Matlab software. And the simulation results show that the AGV trajectory tracker based on fuzzy control can effectively solve the problem of unsatisfactory control in the case of large deviation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	AGV,Fuzzy control,Matlab software simulation,Trajectory tracking
Three-layer architecture for control and routing of AGVs in the mega transshipment automated container terminal	2017	67th Annual Conference and Expo of the Institute of Industrial Engineers 2017	In the mega transshipment automated container terminal (mega-ACT), the operation scale of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) carrying the containers from the quayside to the yard-side or vice versa becomes very large and may cause a lot of potential conflicts, congestion and deadlock. A good scheme for control and routing of AGVs is thus needed to address these issues and should also have a positive impact on system efficiency and operation performance in terms of container throughput. In this paper, we propose a novel three-layer control architecture, which includes the global path direction design, dynamic junction coordination, and adaptive local junction control. The mathematical models in each layer are built to achieve the certain goals. Experiment study is conducted to verify the effectiveness of the overall model, from which related insights can be obtained for decision making by terminal operators. The results showed that the three-layer control architecture is promising in minimizing conflicts and congestion and improving system efficiency and operation performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle,Control architecture,Large scale,Routing
Simulation of Human Effect to the Adaptive Logistics System Used in Public Facilities	2017	Procedia Engineering	2017 The Authors.It is important to deal with Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) usually used in healthcare facilities. In such cases, an AGV has to cope with uncertainties arising from the unaware public. AGVs are often forced to slow down or stop. We developed a simulation tool in Simio  software called "SHEALS", used for simulation and analysis of the human factor to the total performance our Adaptive Logistics System (ALS). We used the agent-oriented design to create Multi-Agent System (MAS). It allows decision making and interactions between humans and AGVs. Simulation tool is able to combine many parameters, such as safety distance, reaction time, equipment of AGVs, etc. Simulated scenarios can be presented in the form of visual illustration and statistical data.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	3	Engineering (all)	Automated Guided Vehicles,Multi-Agent System,Public Facilities,Simio
Application research on AGV case: Automated electricity meter verification shop floor	2017	Industrial Robot	Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: The paper aims to propose general design rules and route plan for automated guided vehicle system (AGVS). The AGVS is applied to automated meter verification areas through a case study of meter verification shop floor to verify the feasibility. Design/methodology/approach: The paper gives an appropriate route design for AGVS and proposes an optimized strategy for designed routes and a control system to manage traffic conflict. Findings: This case study indicates that the application of AGVS can highly improve the efficiency of manufacturing and production. Besides, a reasonable transportation plan is beneficial in making the system run smoothly and in cutting conveying time. Practical implications: The application of AGVS integrates a variety of advanced technologies (i.e. information technology, artificial intelligence, etc.) into the electricity meter verification system, which brings great economic and social benefits via enhancing the verification efficiency and reducing the total labor costs. Originality/value: The application proposed in the paper solves the problem that the verification almost relies on workers, labor intensity is high and work efficiency is hard to improve. Furthermore, the general rules and strategies of AGVS transportation can be applied not only to the automated electricity meter verification but also in other industrial areas.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Electricity meter verification,Intelligent manufacturing,Route design,Traffic management
A software tool for efficient agricultural logistics	2017	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	Copyright  2017 for this paper by its authorThe Internet of Things (IoT) revolution enables the integration of advanced automation techniques to the intra-logistic agricultural activities. Sensors and actuators seamlessly communicate in order to accomplish complex everyday tasks. From a logistics perspective, Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) pave the way to sustainable agriculture; working 24/7 with minimum labor costs and high safety standards while optimizing energy consumption and providing effective and efficient solutions for everyday activities. This article proposes a software tool for daily field level agricultural activities. The tool provides a cyber-physical interface to the physical entities (field boundaries, loads and vehicles) located at field level. Map services are integrated at our tool in order to provide the field layout, the absolute coordinates of the entities and a real time monitoring tool. Sophisticated algorithms can be used for navigation at simulation level while the absolute coordinates are sent to the vehicle for the physical navigation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	0	Computer Science (all)	Agricultural Logistics,Automated Guided Vehicles,Navigation mechanism,Simulation tool,Software tool
Improving material handling system performance in automotive assembly line using delmia quest simulation	2017	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2017.This paper presenting an improvement made on material handling system in automotive assembly line in order to investigate the changes or influences that affect the assembly line. Some issues from a case study arose where the current transportation took a long time to supply material at assembly line and a risk of damaging the parts is high. Thus, an improvement is done by changing the current transport equipment into AGV and the storage equipment is changed into semi-automatic pick-to-light system. A method of discrete-event simulation using Delmia Quest software is applied. Based on the simulation result, the total production output increase almost 3 folds from the current output factory can produce. It’s concluded that a combined changes give large influences to the manufacturing system. A part of that, Delmia Quest is a useful software to enable decision-making process and improve system effectively without possibility destroying the elements.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	1	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Automated material handling system,Delmia quest simulation,Pick-to-light system,Simulation
Development of an innovative coupling system for industrial vehicles: An AGV oriented approach	2017	ASME International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition, Proceedings (IMECE)	Copyright  2017 ASME.In this paper, authors explore the analysis and development of a innovative coupling system for industrial vehicles. After an introduction of the topic and the objectives, the advantages for developing such a system are described in detail. Some previously published studies with similar content or conclusions necessary to the understanding of the system under study are also presented. In order to develop a system more precise than the currently used, the common systems are study in this paper, focusing on four wheeled trailers, varying the coupling system's rotation center, which can be on the front or rear vehicles. In the commonly used systems the trailers tend to get too close from the rotation center, this means that both trailers have lower trajectory paths and not ideal precision. Having studied the systems currently used in shop floor, a new coupling system is developed, with the aim of increasing trailers' trajectory precision and manoeuver options. Two different systems were under study. The first one is to control the trailers steering mechanism, in order to position the trailer in a more precise position. The other system is simply altering the coupling system length and rotation centers. By analyzing both results, the solution with the rotation of the rear axle in each trailer guarantees better precision, where the trailers perform a trajectory precision of 100%. However, the solution that better fits the industrial reality is the solution with the alteration of the length and the rotation center of the coupling system. This solution allows less precision but its better in price, cost and implementation effort.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	0	Mechanical Engineering	None
Mobile robot localization and path planning in a picking robot system using kinect camera in partially known environment	2017	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.Motion planning, such as mobile manipulation, must not only be able to move safety through their environments, but also be able to manipulate objects in their environments. This paper proposes localization and path planning for a mobile robot (MR) in a picking robot system using Kinect camera in a partially known environment. A Kinect RGB and depth camera is utilized to recognize objects for obstacle avoidance and path planning. To do this task, the followings are done. Firstly, the system configuration of MR is described. Secondly, mathematical kinematic modeling of the MR in the picking robot system is presented. Thirdly, an object detection algorithm based on the Kinect camera is proposed to detect landmark. Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) is used to get the best localization estimation of the MR by combining the encoder positioning result and landmark positions obtained from the Kinect camera. Fourth, D* Lite algorithm is used to generate a path from the start point to the goal point for MR and to avoid unknown obstacles using information obtained from Kinect camera. A controller design for the MR to track the trajectory generated by the D* algorithm based on backstepping method is proposed. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms and controller is verified by using experiment. The experimental results show that the MR successfully reaches the goal point with an acceptable small error.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Differential drive,Localization,Mobile robot,Obstacle avoidance,Tracking
Optimal scheduling for automated guided vehicles (AGV) in blocking job-shops	2017	IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology	IFIP International Federation for Information Processing 2017.Promising developments and further improvements of cyber physical logistics systems (CPLS) and automated guided vehicles (AGV) lead to broader application of such systems in production environments and smart factories. In this study a new mixed integer linear program (MILP) is presented for the scheduling of AGVs in a flexible reentrant job shop with blocking. Optimal solutions to small instances of the complex scheduling problem in a make-to-order production, minimizing the make span, are calculated. Different numbers of jobs are considered. Feasible schedules for the machines and the AGVs are generated from different sized instances to evaluate the limits of the mathematical model.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management	AGV,Cyber physical systems,Job Shop Scheduling,MILP
Optimization algorithm for minimizing the earliness/tardiness of automated guided vehicles using artificial immune system	2017	International Journal of Applied Engineering Research	Research India Publications.This paper regards with the job shop environment problem for multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in the manufacturing process. As the earliness of the AGVs results in waiting and tardiness of AGVs results in temporary storage of the products in the shop floor, it is essential to minimize the earliness and tardiness of AGVs. Therefore we are proposing a mathematical optimization program in order to minimize the total earliness and total tardiness of AGVs in the manufacturing system. Since it is difficult to solve the mathematical program by conventional method, an optimization technique namely Artificial Immune System (AIS) algorithm is used to obtain the optimal solution. The proposed algorithm is tested with the numerical examples and also compared with the other methods in the literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Engineering (all)	Artificial immune system,Automated guided vehicles,Earliness/tardiness,Flexible manufacturing system
A fuzzy hybrid GA-PSO algorithm for multi-objective AGV scheduling in FMS	2017	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	2017, Vienna University of Technology. All rights reserved.An automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a mobile robot with remarkable industrial applicability for transporting materials within a manufacturing facility or a warehouse. AGV scheduling refers to the process of allocating AGVs to tasks, taking into account the cost and time of operations. Multiobjective scheduling is adopted in this study to acquire a more complex and combinatorial model in contrast with single objective practices. The model objectives are the makespan and number of AGVs minimization while considering the AGVs battery charge. A fuzzy hybrid GA-PSO (genetic algorithm – particle swarm optimization) algorithm was developed to optimize the model. Results have been compared with GA, PSO, and hybrid GA-PSO algorithms to explore the applicability of the algorithm developed. Model’s feasibility and the algorithms’ performance were investigated through a numerical example before and after the optimization. The model evaluation and validation was conducted through simulation via Flexsim software. The fuzzy hybrid GA-PSO surpassed the other methods, although obtaining less mean computational time was the only significant improvement over hybrid GA-PSO.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	14	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle,Fuzzy hybrid GA-PSO,Genetic algorithm,Multi-objective optimization,Particle swarm optimization,Scheduling
Development of a rules-based fuzzy algorithm for deviation of obstacles	2017	10th International Conference on Integrated Modeling and Analysis in Applied Control and Automation, IMAACA 2017, Held at the International Multidisciplinary Modeling and Simulation Multiconference, I3M 2017	Copyright  2017 by CAL-TEK S.r.l. All rights reserved.The objective of this project is to introduce the study of the Fuzzy logic, presenting the development of a navigation system in MATLAB software and its implementation in an autonomous mobile vehicle. The application proposal aims to integrate an Automated Guided Vehicles gifted a navigation system elaborated from Set Theory Fuzzy, in any kind of plan environment with obstacles at random points, so that it is able to identify any obstacles present in the environment in which is inserted and through the developed programming language C based on Fuzzy logic implemented in a ARDUINO MEGA2560 plate, calculating the deviation and executing necessary to avoid a collision with any obstacle encountered in the environment. At the end of deployment tests were conducted to obtain the robot responses and compared with the simulation software, according to the possibilities of reading of the sensors. The responses were satisfactory, following the same trend behavior of the simulations of the Fuzzy controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Modeling and Simulation,Control and Systems Engineering	Artificial intelligence,Autonomous navigation,Fuzzy logic,Mobile robot
Integration of fault tree analysis, reliability block diagram and hazard decision tree for industrial robot reliability evaluation	2017	Industrial Robot	2017 Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose - This paper aims to conduct a comprehensive fault tree analysis (FTA) on the critical components of industrial robots. This analysis is integrated with the reliability block diagram (RBD) approach to investigate the robot system reliability. Design/methodology/approach - For practical implementation, a particular autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) system was first modeled. Then, FTA was adopted to model the causes of failures, enabling the probability of success to be determined. In addition, RBD was used to simplify the complex system of the AGV for reliability evaluation purpose. Findings - Hazard decision tree (HDT) was configured to compute the hazards of each component and the whole AGV robot system. Through this research, a promising technical approach was established, allowing decision-makers to identify the critical components of AGVs along with their crucial hazard phases at the design stage. Originality/value - As complex systems have become global and essential in today's society, their reliable design and determination of their availability have turned into very important tasks for managers and engineers. Industrial robots are examples of these complex systems that are being increasingly used for intelligent transportation, production and distribution of materials in warehouses and automated production lines.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Complex system reliability,Fault tree analysis (FTA),Hazard decision tree (HDT),Industrial robots,Reliability block diagram (RBD)
Multi-objective routing and scheduling in flexible manufacturing systems under uncertainty	2017	Iranian Journal of Fuzzy Systems	2017, University of Sistan and Baluchestan. All rights reserved.The efficiency of transportation system management plays an important role in the planning and operation efficiency of flexible manufacturing systems. Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) are part of diversified and advanced techniques in the field of material transportation which have many applications today and act as an intermediary between operating and storage equipment and are routed and controlled by an intelligent computer system. In this study, a two-objective mathematical programming model is presented to integrate flow shop scheduling and routing AVGs in a flexible manufacturing system. In real-life problems parameters like demand, due dates and processing times are always uncertain. Therefore, in order to solve a realistic problem, foregoing parameters are considered as fuzzy in our proposed model. Subsequently, to solve fuzzy mathematical programming model, one of the most effiective technique in the literature is used. To solve the problem studied, two meta-heuristic algorithms of Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm- II (NSGAII) and multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) are offered that the accuracy of mathematical models and efficiency of algorithms provided are assessed through numerical examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	7	Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing,Meta-heuristic algorithm,Routing,Scheduling
Heterogeneous fleet vehicle routing and scheduling subject to mesh-like route layout constraints	2017	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.The behavior of a Material Transportation System (MTS) encompassing movement of various transport modes has to be admissible, i.e. collision-and congestion-free, as to guarantee deadlock-free different flows of concurrently transported goods. Since the material flows following possible machining routes serviced by MTS determine its behavior the following questions occur: what kind of MTS structure can guarantee a given behavior, and what admissible behavior can be reachable in a given MTS structure? These questions are typical for vehicle routing problems which are computationally hard. Their formulation within the framework of mesh-like and fractal-like structures enables, however, to get a significant reduction on the size. Such structures enable to evaluate admissible routings and schedules following flow-paths of material transportation in a polynomial time. Considered in the paper production routes followed by MTS are serviced by operations subsequently executed by AGVs and machine tools. The transport operations performed by AGVs are arranged in a streaming closed-loops network where potential conflicts are resolved by priority dispatching rules assigned to shared resources. The main problem boils down to the searching for sufficient conditions guaranteeing MTS cyclic steady state behavior. Implementation of proposed conditions is illustrated through multiple examples.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Declarative modeling,Material Transportation System,Mesh-like structure networks,Routing,Scheduling
Fleets management of cooperative connected automated vehicles in manufacturing processes	2017	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	Industry 4.0 is a promising solution for the management of manufacturing processes, due to its potential to increase both energy saving and optimized production. Within this context, in this paper we propose the use of automated connected vehicles fleets for the autonomous handling of products among workstations in manufacturing processes. Numerical results confirm its effectiveness w.r.t a typical production process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	2	Computer Science (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Industrial wireless networks,Industry 4.0,Vehicles fleet
Mecanum wheel modeling for studying roller-ground contact issues	2017	UPB Scientific Bulletin, Series D: Mechanical Engineering	Today industrial and technical fields are more and more dependent on automation and autonomous systems. The idea of replacing human intervention with robotics or self-guided structures is preferred especially in the domains requiring repetitive actions and a high quality of the work. Regarding industrial applications, Autonomous Ground Vehicles - AGVs are already used at a large scale, but studies to improve their mobility and stability are still needed due to their design models diversity. The paper deals with a particular case of Mecanum drive train for industrial AGVs studying the contact between Mecanum wheels and the running surface through FEM analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Romania	1	Mechanical Engineering	FEM,Industrial AGV,Mecanum wheel,Mobility,Rubber,Simulation
Container terminal operations: An overview	2017	Ports and Networks: Strategies, Operations and Perspectives	2018 selection and editorial matter, Harry Geerlings, Bart Kuipers and Rob Zuidwijk; individual chapters, the contributors.Container vessels are scheduled to visit a set of container terminals along their route. Import containers will be unloaded from the vessel while export containers will be loaded at each terminal. Berthing times at terminals are considered as non-value activities and for that reason need to be minimised. Consequently, terminal operations need to be organised in such a way that unloading and loading operations can be performed efficiently. Those operations take place at five different areas, namely at the berth, quay, transportation, yard and gate. We define the berth and quay areas as the seaside of the terminal. The landside of the terminal includes the storage yard and gate area. Those two areas are connected by a transportation area where transfer vehicles transport containers from the vessel to the yard and vice versa.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	0	Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
Various approaches to the application of answer set programming in order-picking systems with intelligent vehicles	2017	IJCCI 2017 - Proceedings of the 9th International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence	2017 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda.Intelligent, self-driving vehicles on public roads are widely noted in the media nowadays. In warehouse and production systems, such vehicles have been common for a number of years, even though their intelligence has only come to awareness in the recent years. Those systems are especially tailored to work in volatile environments which change (to some degree) every few weeks or months. Thus, programming is required to be as flexible as possible while still providing high efficiency. Answer set programming is a well known paradigm which has received remarkable attention in the recent years. In this paper several approaches are presented and evaluated to apply answer set programming to an order-picking system with intelligent vehicles. The interconnected planning tasks are the dispatching of vehicles to driving jobs and the assignment of customer orders to picking stations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence,Software,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Answer Set Programming,Application,Hybrid Systems,Multi-agent Systems
A precise control of moving path on its rotation section for an AGV using BLE beacons	2017	Information (Japan)	2017 International Information Institute.An automatic guided vehicle (AGV) travels a predetermined route by itself by recognizing artificial markers. In this paper, we propose a method to effectively control the moving path of the AGV in the rotation section using BLE beacons. BLE beacon is used to recognize the rotation preparation point and the rotation start point, and the speed of the AGV is adaptively decelerated based on this value. It can be possible to adjust the deviation with the center line of the normal path, so that the AGV can enter the center of the straight path immediately after the rotation. A total of 100 experiments were conducted in the rotation section using the mock-up AGV, and the number of out-of-path cases are less than 3 times.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Information Systems	AGV,BLE beacon,Indoor localization,Location tracking
Numerical study on an airflow field of a reticle stocker with a moving crane in a mini-environment	2017	Atmosphere	2017 by the authors.This study numerically investigates the effects of a moving crane and airflow on contaminant removal efficiency of various reticle box coverage sequences in a stocker. The analyzed characteristics of flow patterns are used to protect the reticles from contaminants, without altering their internal component configuration in conjunction with the aim of cost-savings. A finite volume method was applied in a numerical analysis using computational fluid dynamics software, ANSYS Fluent. To simulate actual operating conditions, the effects of inlet velocity of clean air and crane movement speed on contaminant removal efficiency (CRE) are considered, and a particle release technique is analyzed to determine contaminant concentrations in the stocker. The results show that a higher airflow rate leads to a better contaminant removal efficiency in the stocker. For the various arrangements of reticle boxes in the stocker, the symmetric coverage sequence provides the most satisfactory contaminant removal rate. An optimal inlet airflow velocity of 0.12 m/s is obtained based on the CRE distribution. In addition, the airflow distributions indicate that a vortex is induced by the air flow through a solid boundary; thus, a higher inlet airflow velocity results in a small vortex that also benefits the CRE. The results also demonstrate that a high crane movement speed causes a large reverse flow region at the bottom that also induces a long wake behind the crane, into which particles are easily drawn.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Environmental Science (miscellaneous)	Computational fluid dynamics,Contaminant removal efficiency,Mini-environment,Reticle box
Catastrophe risk analysis of marine cargoes and ports to natural hazards by breakingdown terminal operation process	2017	Proceedings of the 5th International Maritime-Port Technology and Development Conference, MTEC 2017	Copyright  2017 by MTEC 2017 Organizers.Maritime transport has traditionally paid more attention to operational risks. There is limited formal awareness of its exposures to natural hazards. As the interface between sea and land, ports are exposed to a wide range of natural hazards such as cyclone, flood and tsunami. At the same time, marine cargoes are growing in terms of both volume and value. Besides their exposure to various hazards during the sea trip, their concentration in ports increases the risk to the cargo itself as well as the ports. The objective of this paper is twofold. First, the study proposes a framework for catastrophe risk analysis of marine cargoes and ports by breaking down the terminal operation process. This enables a more in-depth analysis by investigating different parts of the process. Second, the study formulates a State Transition model for simulation of scenarios. This is an integrated and robust risk model to analyse exposure of marine cargoes and ports to natural hazards. The port of Laem Chabang is chosen as an example for demonstrating the risk simulation analysis. Findings show that losses can be in the forms of both physical loss/damage and interruption loss with extensive cargo accumulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Ocean Engineering,Water Science and Technology,Civil and Structural Engineering	Catastrophe risk,Marine cargo,Natural hazard,Port,Terminal operation
An agent based control system for multiple-load AGVs	2017	Proceedings of the International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management	2017 IEEE.In the manufacturing environment, there are many algorithms for assigning jobs to multiple-load automated guided vehicles (MAGVs). In this study, an agent based control system is proposed for the control problem of MAGVs. In the literature, task determination, delivery-dispatching, pickup-dispatching and load selection problems are researched and some dispatching rules are used frequently to dispatch MAGVs. This study focus on delivery task problem in which an MAGV should determine which delivery point will be visited. For this aim, an Multi-Agent based control system framework combined with dispatching rules for MAGVs is developed in this study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agent based systems,Delivery-dispatching problem,Multiple-load AGVs
Applications enabled by a deterministic wireless communication system such as industrial LTE	2017	2017 7th International Workshop on Computer Science and Engineering, WCSE 2017	Current industrial communication systems rely heavily on communication cables to transmit information and control signals. Wireless networks are emerging on the factory level with non-real-time requirements. The needed cable for deterministic real-time communication hinders the development and deployment of various applications in the production environment. Some of these applications might be an integral part in solving the challenges of future production. Along with a description of a wireless communication system, various examples for enabled applications are presented in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Information Systems and Management,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Software	Automated guided vehicles,Industrial LTE,Wireless communication
Aircraft ground handling: Analysis for automation	2017	17th AIAA Aviation Technology, Integration, and Operations Conference, 2017	2017, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Inc, AIAA. All rights reserved.This paper presents the state of the art of aircraft ground handling at airports. The main opportunities for automation of these activities are pointed out. This leads to identify different challenges to be overcomed to build safe and efficient automated ground handling operations. Greatest opportunity for automation lies with automated docking of ground support equipment to aircraft in the short term, with further autonomous vehicles moving around the aircraft and automated systems within the aircraft later on.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	2	Aerospace Engineering,Energy (all)	None
Differential drive and steering control technology of automatic navigation handling tool based on PLC	2017	International Journal of Mechatronics and Applied Mechanics	2017, Cefin Publishing House. All rights reserved.In order to improve the differential drive and steering control technology, the differential drive and steering control technique for automatic navigation based on power line communication (PLC) is designed. The steering of the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) is divided into steering and differential steering. Because of the different steering modes, the AGV will cause different errors when moving along the desired trajectory in the path trajectory transformation. The AGV locus consists of straight and arc line. Among them, the steering trajectory of AGV is not complex because of the lack of spin adaptation, so its trajectory transition is complicated. Taking the self-developed single wheel drive and steering AGV as the object of study, the AGV trajectory planning program and motion program are developed by using Matlab and VC++. The error of AGV in trajectory transformation is analysed theoretically, and it is proved that the error caused by acceleration of motor can be compensated. At the same time, combined with the development of AGV control card PMAC, the program of motion is discussed. In addition, visual navigation has become the main direction of navigation technology because of its large amount of information and flexibility. In order to improve the robustness and accuracy of landmark detection, the effects of image denoising, edge detection and other techniques in navigation are discussed in turn. For the identification of path trajectory, genetic algorithm is introduced to improve the accuracy and time truth of navigation. Finally, the experiment proves the feasibility of the theory, and also gives the method to reduce the error of vision navigation. It provides a good foundation for improving the accuracy of visual navigation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials	Genetic algorithm,PLC,Single wheel drive/steering AGV,Turn error,Visual navigation
A stochastic model for interterminal container transportation	2017	Transportation Science	2015 INFORMS.We propose a novel semiopen queuing network (SOQN) model for the interterminal transportation (ITT) problem where multiple container terminals use a common fleet of vehicles (automated lift vehicles, automated guided vehicles, multitrailers, and barges) to transport containers between terminals. To solve the overall queuing network, our solution approach uses a network decomposition method where the original SOQN is decomposed to a closed and an open queuing network (with bulk-service capacity). To our knowledge, this is the first work that considers bulk service in SOQNs. We develop theoretical upper and lower bounds on the throughput time estimates of our model, and provide an extension for the case when service times at the terminal handling stations depend on the number of containers being loaded/unloaded. We numerically validate our model using simulated data where we find that our model results in errors of less than 5% for vehicle utilization. We also show that our model results in better estimates for the ITT problem when compared to existing approaches in the literature. Finally, we apply our model to real-world data from the Port of Rotterdam and show that it can be used to analyze throughput time trade-offs with alternate dwell point policies, different vehicle types, and variable vehicle capacities.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	14	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Bulk service queues,Interterminal transport,Multiclass streams,Port and container terminal operations,Semiopen queuing network
Modeling and analysis of queuing network in manufacturing system with stochastic path AGV	2017	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2017, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To efficiently analyze the performance of manufacturing system with stochastic path material handling unit, a performance analyzing model for open queueing network with finite buffer was built, where the association between Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) and manufacturing units was considered, and a decomposition of state space method was developed to obtain the system performance indexes. Owing to the load-balancing rule of AGV, the hypothetical model was proved to have the Markov property based on stochastic process theory. The state space model and state transition balance equation of each node were built, and the calculation methods for system performance indexes were provided. Simulation experiments were conducted to verify the effectiveness and accuracy of proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Decomposition of state space,Queuing network,Stochastic path
Safety issues and requirements of AGV	2017	49th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2017	49th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2017. All rights reserved.Warehouse AGV is applied in the field of intelligent robot, warehousing logistics automation with active transportation, autonomous navigation, automatic obstacle avoidance, automatic charging, etc. More than one robot under the scheduling of the system, can form a complete set of "goods to people" warehouse automation system solutions. From the view of safety, this paper introduces six big safety problems in detail of AGV cars: lack of mechanical braking system; inadequate stability when handling; risks in charging process; blind zone of person detective sensor; Low safety level of emergency stop function; without consideration of category of safety related parts of control system. Then, for each safety problems, with reference to relevant safety standards, this paper gives related suggestions to improve the safety of AGV cars with a certain reference value.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence,Building and Construction	None
Gait Monitoring by Automatic Guided Vehicle	2017	Procedia Computer Science	2017 The Author(s).In this paper, we present the feasibility of the Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) application as a platform for gait monitoring in non-laboratory environments. Proposed technique could be used by participants with difficulties to wear on board sensors, or devices. First of all, we present the study of the basic problems in the field of computer vision for medical applications: the gait parameters measurements of the spatial point, and sponsored a novel way of two-dimension parameters data acquisition from a single image captured by a monocular camera. A novel Foot Flat Phase (FFP) detection method is investigated that could effectively overcome the influence of viewpoints on static gait motion capture devices. Experimental results validate new view-invariant gait analysing method, and show that the extracted gait feature is reliable in non-clinic environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Computer Science (all)	Automatic Guided Vehicle,Foot Flat Phase,Foot Progression Angle,Gait Monitoring,Image Processing
A timed colored petri net simulation-based self-adaptive collaboration method for production-logistics systems	2017	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2017 by the authors.Complex and customized manufacturing requires a high level of collaboration between production and logistics in a flexible production system. With the widespread use of Internet of Things technology in manufacturing, a great amount of real-time and multi-source manufacturing data and logistics data is created, that can be used to perform production-logistics collaboration. To solve the aforementioned problems, this paper proposes a timed colored Petri net simulation-based self-adaptive collaboration method for Internet of Things-enabled production-logistics systems. The method combines the schedule of token sequences in the timed colored Petri net with real-time status of key production and logistics equipment. The key equipment is made 'smart' to actively publish or request logistics tasks. An integrated framework based on a cloud service platform is introduced to provide the basis for self-adaptive collaboration of production-logistics systems. A simulation experiment is conducted by using colored Petri nets (CPN) Tools to validate the performance and applicability of the proposed method. Computational experiments demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the event-driven method in terms of reductions of waiting time, makespan, and electricity consumption. This proposed method is also applicable to other manufacturing systems to implement production-logistics collaboration.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Flexible manufacturing systems,Internet of Things,Production-logistics,Self-adaptive collaboration,Timed colored Petri net
Remote control system for a mobile platform with four Mecanum wheels	2017	International Journal of Mechatronics and Applied Mechanics	2017, Cefin Publishing House. All rights reserved.Providing the industry with efficient transportation systems is of utmost importance and academic research on this topic deserves encouragement from governmental institutions. In many workplaces the space is reduced. Ensuring the required manoeuvrability of mobile platforms inside such environments is quite a challenge. Anthropomorphic robots are not a viable option in most situations. Usually, mobile platforms - including mobile robots - with wheels are the most cost effective option, but the use of traditional steering systems leads to severe constraints regarding freedom of movements. The use of omnidirectional steering systems allows overcoming this limitation. Since its invention, Mecanum wheels have been used on various mobile platforms, including Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV), enabling them to perform omnidirectional movements. This paper describes a robust, intuitive and functional remote control system for a mobile platform with four Mecanum wheels, capable of performing rotation movements, translation movements and movements resulting from simultaneous rotation and translation. The system was designed in order to maximize the freedom of movements of the platform. A graphical interface for monitoring several parameters inherent to the operation of the platform is also presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	4	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials	Mecanum wheels,Mobile robots,Omnidirectional mobile platform
Workpiece delivery with mobile platform in warehouse environment	2017	49th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2017	49th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2017. All rights reserved.Warehouse is a good occasion for mobile robots to be applied to. In the actual process of handling the goods, mobile robots need to transport the goods to the designated position automatically by the optimal delivery route and avoid obstacles. Thus, based on ROS, Guardian and Fetch robot platform, this work uses Gazebo and SLAM to enable mobile robots to complete the automatic handling of large parts from the designated position to the target position and avoid real time obstacles in the process of handling in an 80-square-meter logistics workshop in both simulation and real environment. The results of this research can be applied to many transporting occasions such as warehouse and the delivery of parts in workshops, thereby improving the efficiency of transporting and producing, and reducing labor costs as well.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence,Building and Construction	None
No more deadlocks - Applying the time window routing method to shuttle systems	2017	Proceedings - 31st European Conference on Modelling and Simulation, ECMS 2017	ECMS Zita Zoltay Paprika, Péter Horák, Kata Váradi,Péter Tamás Zwierczyk, Ágnes Vidovics-Dancs, János Péter Rádics (Editors).Autonomous vehicle-based storage and retrieval systems are used in order to supply picking or production areas based on the goods-to-person principle. In one such system, several vehicles move within the same rail system. Hence, routing and deadlock handling is an important issue that has to be resolved carefully to run these systems efficiently and robustly. One possibility for coping with deadlocks is deadlock avoidance by routing with time windows. In this paper, we present a modelling approach that allows us to apply the time window routing method to shuttle systems. We model the system as a mixed graph and present a concept for moving vehicles safely and efficiently through the storage system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	5	Modeling and Simulation	Deadlock handling,Routing,Shuttle systems
A Hybrid Transport Concept for the Material Supply of a Modular Manufacturing Environment	2017	Procedia Manufacturing	2017 The AuthorsToday's research projects propose a modular manufacturing environment for automotive production sites, which adapt itself autonomously and makes manufacturing decisions without the need of human interaction. Tugger trains are an energy-efficient possibility to handle intralogistics material supply due to the bundling of transport volumes but reaches its limits in the proposed automotive manufacturing environments. The spatial nearness of the production units and the necessity of a high-frequented and small-scaled supply lead to the application of small-scaled autonomous transport entities. The main disadvantage of this technology in turn is a higher intralogistics traffic. Therefore, the concluded concept of this paper connects the advantages of both technologies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicle,Hybrid system,Material Supply,Modular Manufacturing Environment,Tugger train
Semi-automated map creation for fast deployment of AGV fleets in modern logistics	2017	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2016 Elsevier B.V.Today, Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) still have a low market share in logistics, compared to manual forklifts. We identified one of the main bottlenecks in the rather long deployment time which involves precise 2D mapping of the plant, 3D geo-referencing of pick-up/ drop positions and the manual design of the roadmap. The long deployment time has various reasons: in state-of-the-art plant installations, designated infrastructure is still necessary for the localization; the mapping process requires highly skilled personnel; in many cases unavailable or inappropriate position information of drop points for goods must be corrected on site. Finally, the design of the roadmap, performed by expert technicians is manually optimised in a tedious process to achieve maximum flow of goods for the plant operator. In total the setup of a plant to be ready for AGV operation is taking several months, binding highly skilled technicians and involves very time-consuming and costly on-site procedures. Therefore, we present an approach to AGV deployment which aims to drastically reduce the time, cost and involved personnel. First, we propose the employment of a novel, industrial-ready SICK 3D laser scanning technology in order to build an accurate and consistent virtual representation of the whole warehouse environment. By utilizing suitable segmentation and processing a semantic map is generated that contains 3D geo-referenced positions as well as a 2D localization map eliminating the need for dedicated solution to 2D mapping. Second, the semantic map provides a free space map which is used as a basis for the automatic roadmap creation in order to achieve optimal flow. So, this paper proposes an innovative methodology for obtaining, in a semi-automated manner, the map of an industrial environment where a system of multiple AGVs will be installed with less time and cost.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	3D mapping,AGVs,Roadmap creation
Investigation of a line-tracing auto guided vehicle as an educational tool for mechatronics	2017	Proceedings of the 45th SEFI Annual Conference 2017 - Education Excellence for Sustainability, SEFI 2017	Department of Mechanical Engineering bears responsibility of automation engineering training, and one related courses is Mechatronics. The author uses the line-tracing auto guided vehicle (LT-AGV) as a Mechatronics course teaching tool for more than ten years. The purpose of this research is to enhance the teaching content of a LT-AGV. The LT-AGV serving as an educational tool is divided into two parts. The first part is the mechanism design of an AGV and the second part is the AGV's control circuit design and implementation. In order to upgrade the LT-AGV's system, plenty engineering designs and manufacturing methods have been developed to improve students' learning outcomes in this research. An experimental analysis method is used to find out the difference of the design parameters through verifing the performance of LT-AGV. After comparing the experimental data of AGV's performance, a more suitable range of design parameters was proposed. Consequently, the investigation of design parameters on the LT-AGV had been accomplished. This new LT-AGV system can serve as an useful tool in teaching.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Engineering (all),Education	Educational tool,Line-tracing auto guided vehicle (LT-AGV),Mechatronics
Modelling of vehicle based on parts-to-piker picking system	2017	Boletin Tecnico/Technical Bulletin	The picking process is the labor-intensive and one of the most expensive operations in warehouse activities. In order to improve the efficiency of whole warehouse, it is essential to reduce the travelling distance to decrease the picking processing time. The robot mobile order fufillment picking system is quite suited for the e-commerce industry which has a large scale and small orders with high demand frequency. There are some parts-to-piker picking system running in practice with high investment and management costs. This paper aims to study a more feasible method to achieve parts-to-piker picking process with simple mobile automated vehicle. It presents the benefits of the vehicle based parts-to-piker picking system by analyzing its material flow and picking operation process, and creats the order picking flow process time model to estimate the performance of the system further.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all)	E-commerce distribution center,Material flow,Parts-to-piker picking,Vehicle based
Simulation of the Supply of Workplaces by the AGV in the Digital Factory	2017	Procedia Engineering	2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd.Industry 4.0 philosophy and the associated method of digital factory require a wide range of tasks and skills to be managed for their successful application and efficient operating. One of the key competencies for their reliable operation is mastering computer simulation of various logistics processes that take place within the enterprise. Among the most important logistics activities in any enterprise belongs the supply process. Currently, there is a major trend in the supply process to use the various automated systems, such as AGV. The paper further describes the process of creating a simulation model of the supply process using the method of additional programming to the needs of implementing various analyses.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	15	Engineering (all)	AGV,simulation,supply,transport
Scheduling of different automated yard crane systems at container terminals	2017	Transportation Science	2015 INFORMS.In this work, different variants of a branch-and-bound procedure for yard crane scheduling at seaport container terminals and their effect on the terminal's performance are studied. In particular, this work investigates the level of detail needed to take the exact crane characteristics, e.g., movements and crane interference, into account in the scheduling algorithm. This is examined for four different automated yard crane systems with one or more cranes that operate on rectangular yard blocks with transfer positions at both ends of the block and with the yard blocks arranged orthogonally to the quay. Using a simulation model with realistic scenario data and an automated guided vehicles system for horizontal transport, the results are compared with respect to different key performance indicators, e.g., yard crane productivity and average lateness of jobs. It turns out that especially the consideration of crane interference leads to significant improvements in yard crane productivity. As a result of the long computation times for some crane systems that render the practical application of the algorithm difficult, an approximation procedure is also developed that generates good results in reasonable time and hence allows for real-time application at a container terminal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	17	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Branch-and-bound,Container terminal,RMG,Scheduling,Yard crane
The pransky interview: Dr Howie Choset, CTO, advanced robotics for manufacturing institute; Professor, Carnegie Mellon; snake robotics inventor & entrepreneur	2017	Industrial Robot	Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose - The following paper is a "Q&A interview" conducted by Joanne Pransky of Industrial Robot Journal as a method to impart the combined technological, business and personal experience of a prominent, robotic industry PhD-turned-entrepreneur regarding the commercialization and challenges of bringing a technological invention to market. The paper aims to discuss these issues. Design/methodology/approach - The interviewee is Dr Howie Choset, Chief Technical Officer at the Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Institute and Professor of Robotics at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU). Motivated by applications in confined spaces, Dr Choset created a comprehensive program in modular, high degree(s) of freedom (DOF) and multirobot systems. This research led Dr Choset to cofound three companies. In this interview, Dr Choset shares some of his personal and business experiences of working in academia and industry. Findings - Dr Choset received his Bachelor of Science, Engineering (BSE) degree in computer science and his Bachelor of Science, Economics (BSEcon) degree in business from the University of Pennsylvania in 1990. Dr Choset received his Masters and PhD from Caltech in mechanical engineering and robotics in 1991 and 1996. Since 1996, Dr Choset has been a Professor of Robotics at CMU and Director of the CMU Biorobotics Lab. He is also the Director of CMU's undergraduate major and minor of Robotics. Along with his students, Choset formed several companies including Medrobotics (2005) for surgical systems; Hebi Robotics (2014) for modular robots; and Bito Robotics (2017) for autonomous guided vehicles. In 2017, Choset co-led the formation of the Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Institute, which is a $250m national institute advancing both technology development and education for robotics in manufacturing. Choset is a founding editor of the journal Science Robotics and is currently serving on the editorial board of International Journal Robotics Research. Originality/value - Motivated by collaborating with his students and colleagues, Dr Choset continues to make fundamental contributions in design, motion planning, path planning and estimation with the goal of bringing the precision of computer science and applied mathematics to the realities and uncertainties of mechanical systems. Choset's work has been supported by both industry and government. Medrobotics Corp., a medical robotics company based on Choset's snake robots, has received US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulatory clearance for both colorectal and otolaryngology procedures in the USA.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Actuators,Modular automation,Path planning,Robot design,Robotics,Surgical robots
Loop layout in FMS using different hybrid algorithm and backtracking distance of the automated guided vehicle	2017	Pakistan Journal of Biotechnology	Copyright  2015 - All Rights Reserved.In this work loop layout in FMS is being analyzed with different algorithms and the identified hybrid algorithm (ISSA) which have a better result. The newly proposed algorithm gave enhanced sequence for the loop layout of an FMS which helped to minimize the distance travelled and backtracking distance of the AGV. The result also shows that the number of iteration required for completing the job was drastically reduced by the ISSA. This paper helps for the researcher to understand about the hybridization of algorithm and in future by considering the cost of manufacturing, due dates involved, multiple AGV in the FMS layouts for achieving better-quality results. Innovative and new meta-heuristics like artificial system, fuzzy system etc⋯ may be integrated with Scatter Search or other meta-heuristics for getting optimum result.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Biotechnology,Applied Microbiology and Biotechnology	AGV,FMS,Fuzzy system,ISSA
Design and evaluation of automated robotic ultrasonic guided wave based inspection system	2017	ASME International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition, Proceedings (IMECE)	Copyright  2017 ASME.This paper discusses the development and testing of an automated robotic ultrasonic guided wave based inspection system developed to provide an efficient, accurate and reliable method for performing nondestructive evaluation and longer term structural health monitoring in advanced composite structures. The development process and challenges in the design of the automated robotic system are described. A number of tests were performed using the developed robotic ultrasonic inspection system on composite honeycomb core sandwich materials. Experiments showed that the developed automated ultrasonic guided wave inspection system was successful at locating disbonds between the core and the facesheets. Environmental sensitivity testing was also performed to characterize the effect of changing temperature and humidity on system performance. These tests indicate that approach was relatively insensitive to environmental changes, so that this approach could be used in service environment without a significant reduction in performance. Current system testing indicates that the described robotic ultrasonic inspection approach offers an accurate and robust method for inspection and long term tracking of advanced structural system health.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Mechanical Engineering	None
Machine vision-guided food processing automation	2017	Chemical Engineering Transactions	Copyright 2017, AIDIC Servizi S.r.l.In this presentation, machine vision-guided systems for food processing automations will be presented. The goals of these equipment designs were to improve the process efficiency and minimize labour intensities. A showcase of an automated vision-guided intelligent strawberry de-calyxing machine and an automated 3-D imaging system for seafood sorting lines are introduced and discussed in this paper. These automated system technologies have the capabilities of huge labour savings from 10 to 120 folds.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Chemical Engineering (all)	None
A collision avoidance path planning method of AGV based on improved ant colony algorithm	2017	ICIC Express Letters, Part B: Applications	2017 ICIC International.A collision avoidance path planning method of AGV based on improved ant colony algorithm is proposed. First the two-dimensional warehouse environment is modeled using grid method. Then according to the actual operation of AGV in storage environment and the actual map environment information, ant colony algorithm is improved in three aspects to overcome its shortcomings: the selection range of the next grid is limited to four directions, which can reduce search time and improve efficiency; in order to keep ant colony algorithm from falling into local optimal solution, “roulette” combining the state transition probability is used when selecting the next grid; the path cost function is improved, using the shortest time rule instead of the shortest path rule to reduce the turning times of AGVs. Finally, simulation modeling of the methods based on the basic and improved ant colony algorithm is carried out respectively. Results show that the method based on improved ant colony algorithm has better performance and can reduce the turning times of AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all)	Collision avoidance,Grid method,Improved ant colony algorithm,Path planning
Advanced multibody flight dynamic modeling of guided airdrop systems	2017	24th AIAA Aerodynamic Decelerator Systems Technology Conference, 2017	2017, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. All rights reserved.Compared to their unguided counterparts, current guided airdrop systems are relatively costly and have substantial logistics requirements, leading to limited use in practical battlefield environments. For guided airdrop systems to be employed more frequently improvements in system cost, logistics footprint, and ease of use must be realized. Bleed air control is a new enabling parafoil technology that reduces the size, weight, and power requirements associated with automatic control components of a guided airdrop system by an order of magnitude, offering the promise to dramatically reduce unit cost and logistics requirements. This paper details a new guided airdrop system concept that employs incanopy bleed air actuation as the control mechanism for turning and glide slope control. In addition, all components associated with the guidance and control system are integrated into the parafoil canopy, including not only the actuators but also the sensors, microprocessors, batteries, and associated interface electronics. Results from recent flight trials with the MC- 5 parafoil canopy and a 370 pound payload are presented that demonstrate system functionality.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Mechanical Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
COOL: A model-driven and automated system for guided and verifiable cloud solution design	2017	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.In this paper, we present COOL (ClOud sOlution design tooL), which is a model-driven cloud solution design tool for automatic solution generation, and solution verification. It offers a guided solutioning and customization method starting from complex client business and IT requirements, and enables verification of solution correctness by leveraging constraint satisfaction solvers.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Cloud Solution Design,Cloud solution verification,Guided solution design,Model-Driven software engineering
Regional path moving horizon tracking controller design for autonomous ground vehicles	2017	Science China Information Sciences	2016, Science China Press and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.A novel regional path tracking description is presented in this manuscript, and the moving horizon control method that is model predictive control (MPC) is proposed to discuss the regional path tracking issue which could avoid colliding road boundary when tracking a more complex road effectively. The feasible region for autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) running is determined first according to the detected road boundaries. Then, in order to keep the actual trajectory of AGVs in the region and satisfy the safety requirements, MPC method is employed to design the path tracking controller considering actuator and road boundary constraints. In order to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, experiments based on Hongqi AGV HQ430 are carried out, and the results illustrate that the presented method could be successfully applied to Hongqi AGV vehicle HQ 430.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	18	Computer Science (all)	autonomous ground vehicles,experimental validation,model predictive control,regional path tracking,road boundaries
Design of autonomous logistics transportation robot system with fork-type lifter	2017	International Journal of Fuzzy Logic and Intelligent Systems	The Korean Institute of Intelligent Systems.In this paper, we propose an automated guided vehicle (AGV)-based logistics transportation robot with a fork-type manipulator that are efficient in delivering various and small goods on the shelf. The proposed robot system can be divided into a main server part, a drive control part, and a fork lifter motion control part. The main server part includes the path and task planning algorithm, a communication system for exchanging information, and a database. The drive control part performs navigation control and position recognition through the camera. The fork lifter motion control part contains a control algorithm for transporting the product and basket on the shelf. To evaluate the performance of the proposed transportation robot system, the driving test was performed and a fork lifter working experiment was carried out. The experimental results show that the performance of the proposed robot system is satisfactory and can be applied to the transportation tasks in the distribution centers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	6	Signal Processing,Logic,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Fork lifter,Fork-type manipulator,Logistics transportation robot,Position recognition
Review of transport decision problems in the marine intermodal terminal	2017	Archives of Transport	The article is a review of the transport problems that appear in a marine intermodal terminal. The importance of intermodal terminals has been increasing since the 1980s as a result of the development of containerized international trade. This increase in the handling of containers cause problems connected with securing adequate space for container storage or efficient usage of available terminal loading equipment such as cranes, AGVs, straddle carriers or terminal tractors with trailers. The equipment of a terminal depends mainly on the size of containers flow. The use of this equipment determine the terminal technology and work organization. That is why the classification of intermodal container terminals is presented in chapter 2. This classification was made according to different criteria. To understand transport problems, the identification of processes performed in the marine intermodal terminal is presented in chapter 3. For the purpose of research an example of an intermodal marine terminal with its individual functional areas is presented. Finally, the literature review on research conducted on the transport processes performed in the terminal are presented in chapter 4. These processes refer to quay side and land side horizontal transport operations. Additionally, the arrangement of containers at the storage yard was investigated.	Journal	j	re	Review	Poland	0	Automotive Engineering,Transportation	Horizontal transport,Intermodal terminal,TEU
Integrated Scheduling of Ladder layout design in Flexible Manufacturing System using Non-Traditional optimization techniques	2017	Materials Today: Proceedings	2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.The Ladder layout design (LLD) problem generally crop ups when a manufacturing cluster intended to enlarge their making capacity and/or decrease the transportation cost or material flow through a predefined sequence of machines for manufacturing a product. The problem is known to be Non-deterministic Polynomial (NP) hard, which is usually solved by metaheuristics. In this paper, multi-objective optimization is considered related to FMS scheduling which acts as a constraint in configuring the ladder layout in optimum manner by various algorithms such as Metaheuristics like PSM, SA etc. The various Ladder layout problems are tested for performance of objective function with respect to computational time and number of iterations involved in SA and PSM. A necessary code is generated in C++ and the code is run by the IDE tool. The results of the different optimization algorithms such as simulated annealing (SA), Particle swarm method (PSM) are compared. Finally, it is observed that most of solutions obtained from SA are marginally better than PSM except in some exceptional cases but the computational time taken by SA were almost same as PSM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Materials Science (all)	Flexible Manufacturing systems,IDE tool,Job scheduling,Ladder layout,Particle swarm method,Simulated annealing
Q Controllable Antenna as a Potential Means for Wide-Area Sensing and Communication in Wireless Charging via Coupled Magnetic Resonances	2017	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics	2016 IEEE.Recently, wireless charging via coupled magnetic resonances gains attention because it has a potential of efficient mid-range wireless charging. Here, functions such as sensing at the transmitter and wireless communication from the target are the essential elements to realize the standard wireless charging system. Currently, the sensing and communication protocol of hardware (i.e., high-frequency power source and antenna configuration) compatible with wireless charging is gaining attention in terms of cost and space reduction due to the use of common components in multiple functions. However, these protocols have the problem of narrow effective areas. Therefore, this paper presents a method for wide-area sensing and communication with slight modification of the configuration. The basic concept is to expand the effective area related to antenna Q factor by using the Q controllable antenna acting as though the Q factor increased. The underlying theory was described with electric circuit theory. The experimental results showed that the Q factor can be increased until the resonance collapses, and the increase of Q factor has the potential to widen the effective area of sensing and communication.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	8	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Communication,coupled magnetic resonances,sensing,wide-area,wireless charging system
Natural multimodal communication for human-robot collaboration	2017	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2017.This article presents a semantic approach for multimodal interaction between humans and industrial robots to enhance the dependability and naturalness of the collaboration between them in real industrial settings. The fusion of several interaction mechanisms is particularly relevant in industrial applications in which adverse environmental conditions might affect the performance of vision-based interaction (e.g. poor or changing lighting) or voice-based interaction (e.g. environmental noise). Our approach relies on the recognition of speech and gestures for the processing of requests, dealing with information that can potentially be contradictory or complementary. For disambiguation, it uses semantic technologies that describe the robot characteristics and capabilities as well as the context of the scenario. Although the proposed approach is generic and applicable in different scenarios, this article explains in detail how it has been implemented in two real industrial cases in which a robot and a worker collaborate in assembly and deburring operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	10	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Collaborative robots,Fusion,Multimodal interaction,Natural communication,Reasoning,Safe human-robot collaboration,Semantic web technologies
A low-cost light based self-localization system with repeated landmark ID for the indoor mobile robot	2017	IWACIII 2017 - 5th International Workshop on Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	This paper proposes a novel low-cost infrared (IR) LEDs system for the self-localization of the indoor mobile robot. The frequency encoded IR LEDs are used as the landmarks installed on the cell. Encoding each IR LED with a unique frequency as the ID needs each LED links with an independent microcontroller which increases the production cost of the system. Moreover, the available frequencies are limited. The system will be constrained in a large-scale environment. Therefore, we propose to use 9 different IDs repeatedly to encode these IR LEDs in this study. The receiver equipped with the photodiode is set on the mobile robot to obtain the optical signal. The robot recognizes the LEDs by these optical signals and utilizes the positions of the detected LEDs to realize the self-localization. Monte-Carlo localization (MCL) method with a belief function is proposed to estimate the position and orientation of the robot. The proposed system and method have been tested in the real environment. Experimental results show the validity of the proposed system and method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Infrared LED,Infrared receiver,Monte-Carlo localization,Non-unique ID
Operational impact estimation of container inspections at Dalian Port: The application of simulation	2017	Simulation	The Author(s) 2016.For the security of ports and the container shipping industry, a key problem for a container terminal is the planning and design of the inspection area. The main goal of this paper is to address an inspection investment planning problem for the international container terminal at Dalian Port using the simulation method. Considering various types of container ships and flexible container truck scheduling and routing, we propose a framework combining an Arena-based simulation model with a developed optimization procedure. Two components of this integrated framework realize information communication via the interface of Visual Basic for Applications. Under the potential inspection protocol, simulation experiments are designed and carried out for investigating the operational impact of container inspections for different allocations of inspection resources at the terminal, including the turnaround time of external trucks, the number of trucks waiting in the inspection area, etc. This paper includes the description of the conceptual framework, the detailed simulation model, the experimental design, and the simulation results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Arena,container inspection,Container terminal,simulation
Adaptive autonomous agent responses to targeted malware attacks	2017	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	2017 CEUR-WS. All rights reserved.We describe the application of machine learning and data mining techniques for defensive autonomous agent responses to targeted cyberattacks. This approach clusters and classifies captured enterprise malware, and fuses the inferred classes with other relevant threat data to detect targeted attacks indicative of malware delivery attempts by advanced persistent adversaries. Defensive autonomous agents, whose behaviors are learned through specialized process modeling algorithms, are then improved through our enhanced situational knowledge of targeted attacks. The autonomous agents are guided by high-level process models, with which human operators interact for orchestrating lower-level autonomous agents. Agent responses are focused on protecting critical cyber assets, leveraging knowledge of potential paths of exploitation through the network. We employ agent-based simulation for rapid testing and refinement of process orchestration and agent behaviors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Computer Science (all)	None
Scheduling and control of unmanned ground vehicles for precision farming: A real-time navigation tool	2017	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	Copyright  2017 for this paper by its authorAutonomous systems are a promising alternative for effectively executing agricultural field management strategies. Unmanned Ground Vehicles perform farming activities on custom agricultural fields, using real-time navigation. The aim of this study is to provide a software tool for optimizing accuracy and efficiency in precision farming activities, hence leading to improved farming output, while dynamically addressing operational and tactical level uncertainties. This paper contributes to the operations research field by allowing the application of simulated results direct to the guidance of a physical vehicle. Unlike existing sophisticated tools, the developed navigation mechanism is user-friendly and highly customizable at outdoor navigation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	1	Computer Science (all)	Precision farming,Real-time navigation,Robot Operating System,Unmanned Ground Vehicles
Research on the development of simulation-based ship block logistics system based on data, flow and space modelling	2017	International Journal of Management and Decision Making	Copyright  2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Currently, the simulation technology aimed at pre-verifying continues developing in the manufacturing industry, and the simulation on the production system in the manufacturing industry is applied most extensively. Many shipyards have steadily conducted studies on the improvement plans for logistics operations of shipyards in covering newly constructed ship products which consist of various ship types increasing in the fixed area of the yard. The block used to form a ship, the jig which supports the block, and the transporter are all physically related; therefore, the planning and scheduling and the operating scheme of distribution are related to shipyard logistics. In this paper, we will introduce a decision-making system that can perform logistics verification on the scheduling and layout changes using a block logistics simulation models which the product, the process, resources and schedule data of shipbuilding are reflected by being unified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Decision Sciences (all)	Layout,Logistics,Material flow,Modelling,Ship block,Shipyard,Simulation
Improvement of the greedy algorithm for (n2 - 1)-puzzle	2017	International Journal of Innovative Computing and Applications	Copyright  2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The (n2 - 1)-puzzle is a generalisation of the well-known 15-puzzle. Ratner and Warmuth (1990) showed that finding a shortest sequence of moves for the (n2 - 1)-puzzle is NP-hard. Many researches have been devoted to the (n2 - 1)-puzzle so far. Also, the (n2 - 1)-puzzle is chosen as a benchmark problem in many researches developing a new method/strategy. For the (n2 - 1)-puzzle, a real-Time algorithm is proposed by Parberry (1995), which is based on a greedy method and completes the puzzle in at most 5n3 - 9n2 / 2 + O(n) moves and needs O(1) computation time per move, although there is no guarantee that the number of moves is optimal (shortest). Following the direction of the research by Parberry (1995), we present an algorithm, which is designed by modifying Parberry's algorithm and giving a tight analysis. The number of moves by the new algorithm is smaller, which needs at most 5n3 - 11n2 + O(n) moves, and computation time per move is also O(1).	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Hardware and Architecture,Software,Theoretical Computer Science	(n2 - 1)-puzzle,15-puzzle,Greedy algorithm,Theoretical analysis
The obstacle avoidance systems on the wheeled mobile robots with ultrasonic sensors	2017	Journal of Computers (Taiwan)	2017, Computer Society of the Republic of China. All rights reserved.The purpose of this study is to combine ultrasonic and CMOS image sensors In this study, CMOS image sensor was used to deal with small obstacles and to retrieve image information in front of the robot. In this work, ultrasonic sensors are adopted to implement a real-time obstacle avoidance system for wheeled robots, so that the robot can continually detect surroundings, avoid obstacles, and move toward the target area. Secondly, six ultrasound sensors installed on the wheeled robot were utilized to detect large obstacles and to obtain distance information between the robot and the obstacle. The PD controller was used in the wall-following method to achieve the optimized path design. Experimental results verified that ultrasonic sensors of the obstacle avoidance system on the wheeled robot, with ATMega162 embedded microcontroller as the core of the system, can indeed help avoid obstacles and reach the established target area.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Computer Science (all)	Obstacle avoidance strategy,Ultrasonic sensor,Wall-following algorithm,Wheeled mobile robot
Bleed air control: Towards the complete in-canopy system for autonomous aerial delivery	2017	24th AIAA Aerodynamic Decelerator Systems Technology Conference, 2017	2017, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. All rflights reserved.Compared to their unguided counterparts, current guided airdrop systems are relatively costly and have substantial logistics requirements, leading to limited use in practical battlefield environments. For guided airdrop systems to be employed more frequently improvements in system cost, logistics footprint, and ease of use must be realized. Bleed air control is a new enabling parafoil technology that reduces the size, weight, and power requirements associated with automatic control components of a guided airdrop system by an order of magnitude, offering the promise to dramatically reduce unit cost and logistics requirements. This paper details a new guided airdrop system concept that employs in-canopy bleed air actuation as the control mechanism for turning and glide slope control. In addition, all components associated with the guidance and control system are integrated into the parafoil canopy, including not only the actuators but also the sensors, microprocessors, batteries, and associated interface electronics. Results from recent flight trials with the MC-4/5 parafoil canopy and a total rigged weight of 370 pounds are presented that demonstrate system functionality.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Mechanical Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Row following in pergola structured orchards by a monocular camera using a fully convolutional neural network	2017	Australasian Conference on Robotics and Automation, ACRA	The research presented in this paper is a part of a project that is developing mobile robots, which perform pollination and harvesting in kiwifruit orchards. The navigation system for the mobile robot currently uses a 3D lidar to detect and traverse the rows and headlands of kiwifruit orchards. In order to produce a redundant channel for a more reliable navigation system, a row following method is being developed which uses a camera as the sensor. Kiwifruit orchards have a pergola structure, where a sparse array of posts and trunks holds up a canopy above. This pergola structure presents challenges for row following, especially because the array of posts and trunks is so sparse that it is possible to confuse another direction for the true row direction. This paper tests a novel method for performing row following in pergola structured orchards, using a single camera. A fully convolutional neural network is used to perform semantic segmentation of color images for an abstract class, called "traversable space". Key points from a centreline fitted to the segmented region are used to control the steering angle. Test results indicate that this algorithm may follow rows better than the existing 3D lidar navigation system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	2	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Design and implementation of real-time scheduling algorithms for flexible manufacturing systems	2017	International Journal of Advanced Mechatronic Systems	Copyright  2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The objective of this research is to design and implement real-time scheduling algorithms for flexible manufacturing systems. Four CNC machines with a load/unload station and a conveyor belt are combined as a flexible manufacturing system. Three fuzzy-based scheduling algorithms have been developed for operation sequencing, task sequencing and routing. LabVIEW environment has been used for the system modelling and testing. Several case studies have been carried out to test and verify the flexibility of the system and the effectiveness of the proposed schedulers. The obtained results indicate that the proposed scheduling algorithms for sequencing and routing are promising for such FMS. The performances of the proposed fuzzy scheduling algorithms are compared with those obtained from published literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Jordan	1	Mechanical Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems,FMSs,Fuzzy logic,LabVIEW simulation,Routing flexibility,Scheduling algorithms
A generic reconfigurable and pluggable material handling system based on genetic algorithm	2017	Studies in Computational Intelligence	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.With the increasing customization of products there was a need to create new manufacturing systems that were able to satisfy these needs of the market. The Reconfigurable Manufacturing System (RMS) emerges as a more recent approach allowing the reconfiguration of the line and all the manufacturing systems. The balancing line is a common problem in the system reconfiguration but may not be enough, being also important to reconfigure the material handling system itself. Genetic Algorithms (GA) are one of the most known and used alternatives in optimization problems being widely used in shortest path problems like the travelling salesman. In this paper a solution that allows reconfiguring an agent based material handling system using a genetic algorithm is presented.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Portugal	0	Artificial Intelligence	Genetic algorithm,Material handling system,Reconfigurable manufacturing system
Identifying project alternatives with the use of constraint programming	2017	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.The paper is concerned with using a constraint programming paradigm for identifying alternative variants of completing a new product development project. The model of project prototyping includes variables and constraints in the fields of product, organisation and its environment. The project prototyping problem is formulated as a constraint satisfaction problem and implemented with the use of constraint programming that enables declarative description and effective solving of large combinatorial problems. Consequently, constraint programming can be considered as an appropriate framework for developing decision-making software to support identification of alternatives for project completion. An example illustrates the applicability of the proposed approach in the context of new product development projects.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Constraint satisfaction problem,Decision support system,New product development,Project management
Bi-objective virtual machine placement using hybrid of genetic algorithm and particle swarm optimization in cloud data center	2017	International Journal of Applied Engineering Research	Research India Publications.Efficient resource management through the virtual machine placement (VMP) is a great concern in data centers. The Bi-objective VPM is a representation of multi-objective combinatorial optimization problem. Energy or cost minimization of cloud data center is highly dependent upon the VMP policy. Allocating the set of virtual machines (VMs) to the set of suitable physical machines (PMs), while considering the cost, CPU utilization, number of active servers and energy consumption of cloud computing, defines the VMP process. In this paper, a cloud model simulated with evolutionary algorithms (genetic algorithm (GA), Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), and hybrid GA-PSO (HGAPSO)) for the suitable VMP with the objectives of minimizing Energy consumption, and number of active servers, while considering the CPU utilization, RAM, network bandwidth etc. The HGAPSO produced the optimum result and outperformed the other two algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Engineering (all)	Cloud Computing,Energy Aware Computing,Genetic Algorithm,Meta-heuristics,Multi-Objective,Particle Swarm Optimization,Virtual Machine,Virtualization
Design and application of wireless sensor network monitoring software based on LABVIEW	2017	International Journal of Online Engineering	Wireless multi-point real-time environmental monitoring system based on Lab VIEW is composed of three parts: Wireless environment information collection node, communication gateway, and host computer monitoring system. The purpose of this study is to explore the application of wireless monitoring technology in industry. Since that it is at the stage of research feasibility, various sensors used for the applications select the level limited to the ordinary teaching using sensor. AGV uses vehicle manipulator developed by Wuhan Depushi Technology Company and some sensors are simulated. The results of simple basic experiments showed that the wireless module can achieve point to multipoint communication. It is concluded that the monitoring interface can simultaneously process the data of a simulated pipeline terminal node with a simulated AGV data and make them work in a closed loop state.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Engineering (all)	Environmental monitoring system,LabVIEW,Sensors
An Indoor Positioning Method for Micro Intelligent Vehicles	2017	International Journal of Intelligent Transportation Systems Research	2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.The paper deals with the positioning problem of Micro Intelligent Vehicles (MicroIVs) in Intelligent Transportation Simulation Platforms (ITSPs). We present a practical positioning solution, in which the absolute position data and the relative position data of each MicroIV are fused together via a Kalman filter and an assisted update algorithm. Precisely, each MicroIV gets its absolute position data through an equipped Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) reader which reads the RFID passive tags embedded in the platform. Meanwhile, a Dead Reckoning (DR) method is adopted to calculate the relative position of MicroIV. Then the Kalman filter is designed to fuse the absolute and relative position data. In addition, to compensate occasional RFID reading missing, the assisted update algorithm of the absolute position data is proposed. Experimental evaluation validates the effectiveness of the method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Neuroscience (all),Information Systems,Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Data fusion, Kalman filter,Dead Reckoning (DR),Indoor positioning,Radio Frequency Identification (RFID)
Determination of material handling equipment for lean in-plant logistics using fuzzy analytical network process considering risk attitudes of the experts	2017	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	Using right material handling equipment (MHE) is substantial in terms of manufacturing costs even if related manufacturing environment is lean. In this paper, right materials handling equipment selection problem is investigated at the line feeding systems such as kitting and milk-run systems. Each system has three alternatives for selection, and the main problem is the difficulty in selecting the appropriate one since these equipment are integrated with each other by means of a total of nine possible combinations. In order to select the most appropriate combination, alternative equipment is evaluated separately at first, and then, resulting priorities are aggregated to find the best alternative. In the equipment selection decision model, there are four main criteria and seventeen sub-criteria. Since the dependencies appear within the criteria, Fuzzy Analytic Network Process (FANP) technique is preferred. Besides that, risk attitudes of the experts are also incorporated into the model using linguistic terms in order to reach accurate results. The numerical application inspired from a real-world application in an electronic device assembly plant located in Istanbul is implemented. The result of the numerical application demonstrated that Tugger Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) should be used for the milk-run system and a Belt conveyor should be acquired for the kitting system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	ANP,Fuzzy,In-plant milk-run,Kitting system,Material handling equipment,Risk
Using discrete simulation to support internal logistics process design	2017	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	The objective of this paper is to present the developments of an ongoing project that aims at implementing an internal materials movement system using autonomous vehicles for supporting logistics processes. In particular the project focus on the movement of final products, from assembly lines to the expedition warehouse and the supply of packaging materials (customer packages), from the raw materials warehouse to the assembly lines. This process is currently carried out by two stackers, in a milk-run environment and, in the context of this project, an innovative solution is proposed to improve the performance of the supply and pickup processes, transforming and optimizing an entirely manual process into an automated one. The main challenge was to investigate the impact on the existing internal logistic system of the new solution and, simultaneously, to explore if new management strategies are needed to satisfy both throughput levels and overall supply chain needs. A simulation model was developed using ARENA Simulation Software to get insights concerning the new challenges posed by the solution to be adopted. Results have revealed that the use of simulation allowed the assessment of the impact of the new internal logistics solution and played a critical role to identify the best dispatching rules to schedule transportation orders in such a complex system. This research shows the flexibility of the simulation tool to address several complex management issues simultaneously that arises in the context of innovative solutions aligned with industry 4.0 challenges.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Autonomous vehicle,Industry 4.0,Internal logistics,Simulation
Novel variable structure measurement system with intelligent components for flight vehicles	2017	Metrology and Measurement Systems	2017 Polish Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.The paper presents a method of developing a variable structure measurement system with intelligent components for flight vehicles. In order to find a distinguishing feature of a variable structure, a numerical criterion for selecting measuring sensors is proposed by quantifying the observability of different states of the system. Based on the Peter K. Anokhin’s theory of functional systems, a mechanism of “action acceptor” is built with intelligent components, e.g. self-organization algorithms. In this mechanism, firstly, prediction models of system states are constructed using self-organization algorithms; secondly, the predicted and measured values are compared; thirdly, an optimal structure of the measurement system is finally determined based on the results of comparison. According to the results of simulation with practical data and experiments obtained during field tests, the novel developed measurement system has the properties of high-accuracy, reliable operation and fault tolerance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	23	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Flight vehicle,Integrated navigation system,Self-organization algorithm,The degree of observability,Variable structure measurement system
A design of low power transconductance operational amplifier using multi-objective grey Wolf optimization technique	2017	International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Technology	IAEME Publication.In real world signal processing systems, the operational amplifier is the main block for detecting the analog signal. This paper presents a multi-objective optimization technique for the optimal sizing of Transconductance operational amplifier. By using multi-objective grey Wolf optimization (MOGWO), a high gain CMOS folded cascode operational transconductance amplifier that operates at low voltage is designed for signal processing application. The MOGWO is a swarm intelligence based optimization algorithm has ability to explore the search space of an optimization problem. The objective functions and user defined specifications of proposed circuit can be modeled as optimization problem. The proposed method is a model based design optimization technique used to generate the transistor size and input bias current in an amplifier circuit. This paper mainly focuses on DC gain, unity gain bandwidth and slew rate of an amplifier without affecting other circuit performances. Finally, the optimally designed amplifier has 80.2 dB DC gain, 40 degree phase margin and 452 MHz unity gain bandwidth.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Circuit sizing,Grey Wolf optimization,Multi-objective optimization,Operational transconductance amplifier,Swarm intelligence
Automatic driving control method based on time delay dynamic prediction	2017	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2017.Because of the delay and the front sight distance and other factors in the driving process, self-driving cars can not accurately tracking the path. This paper presents an automatic driving control method based on prediction of the dynamic delay. The vehicle kinematics model to predict the vehicle motion direction and position information of ‘t’ seconds delay time after. And according to deviation value between driving direction and track direction selection the optimal front sight distance. Matlab simulation results show that improved algorithm can track the path at 7 m/s, the average error is controlled within 0.3 M, tracking performance is better than traditional pure pursuit method.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Automatic driving,Complex traffic environment,Intelligent driving,On-board camera
Genetic-based routing algorithm with priority constraints	2017	International Journal of Networking and Virtual Organisations	Copyright  2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper presents an algorithm for finding an efficient routing path in mobile ad hoc network on the basis of multi-constraints with priority by using genetic algorithm that encoding the paths in chromosomes to help the algorithm to select an efficient path among the feasible paths. The mutation operation keeps the genetic variety of the chromosomes and also provides the ability of searching that obtains good result and increases the rate of convergence. The objective of this research work is to control the selection path to select the most efficient path on the basis of the priority percentage that redirects the algorithm to preferred constraints. The algorithm selects a path according to the important requirements that improve the performance of applications. On the basis of the multi-constraints observed when considering cost priority, the results showed that low cost path selected do not maximise the cost value. In addition, the algorithm with priority constraints presents more efficient path which presents a lower cost compared with no priority constraints.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Information Systems and Management	GA,Genetic algorithm,Genetic-based routing,MANET,Mobile ad hoc network,Multi-constraints,Priority constraints,QoS,Quality of service,Routing
A-star algorithm based path planning for the glasses-free three-dimensional display system	2017	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2016 SPIE.A-Star (A∗) algorithm is a heuristic directed search algorithm to evaluate the cost of moving along a particular path in the search space, which can get the shortest path. Here, path planning between any two points on the map is carried out. The STAGE tool is used to manually add way points on the map and determine their spatial location. The adjacent waypoint with a waypoint ID is connected by the line segment to form the navigation graph. A∗ algorithm can search the navigation graph to find the shortest path from a starting point to the destination. The A∗ algorithm can restart searching for path from a certain point, and the complex path can be divided in a plurality of frames. Since the navigation graph consists of the movable space, it is considered the obstacle formed by static objects in the scene, and collision detection between the character and static objects is not considered. A-star algorithm based path planning is experimentally demonstrated on a glasses-free three-dimensional display equipment, so that 3D effect of path finding can be perceived.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	A-Star algorithm,Glasses-free three-dimensional display,Manhattan distance method,Navigation graph,Path planning,Spatial coordinates,Waypoint,Waypoint pair
Online semantic mapping of logistic environments using RGB-D cameras	2017	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2017.Automated guided vehicles require spatial representations of their working spaces in order to ensure safe navigation and carry out high-level tasks. Typically, these models are given by geometric maps. Even though these enable basic robotic navigation, they off-the-shelf lack the availability of task-dependent information required to provide services. This article presents a semantic mapping approach augmenting existing geometric representations. Our approach demonstrates the automatic annotation of map subspaces on the example of warehouse environments. The proposals of an object recognition system are integrated in a graph-based simultaneous localization and mapping framework and eventually propagated into a global map representation. Our system is experimentally evaluated in a typical warehouse consisting of common object classes expected for this type of environment. We discuss the novel achievements and motivate the contribution of semantic maps toward the operation of automated guided vehicles in the context of Industry 4.0.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	11	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	AGVs,Object recognition,Semantic mapping,SLAM
Video Analysis for Improving Transportation Safety: Obstacles and Collision Detection Applied to Railways and Roads	2017	Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science	Obstacles detection systems are essential to achieve a higher level of safety on railways. Such systems should have the ability to contribute to the development of automated guided trains. Even though some laser equipments have been used to detect obstacles, short detection distance and low accuracy on curve zones make them not the best solution. In this paper, computer vision combined with prior knowledge is used to develop an innovative approach. A function to find the starting point of the rails is proposed. After that bottom-up adaptive windows are created to focus on the region of interest and ignore the background. The whole system can run in real time thanks to its linear complexity. It performs well in different conditions and it can work both on online and offline recorded video.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	Computer vision,Obstacles detection,Prior Knowledge,Transportation,Video Forensic
A preliminary assessment of the role of conceptual salience in automatic sketching	2017	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	We discuss and empirically assess the abilities of the normal person to both recognise conceptual salience of objects and generate freehand sketches of these objects, investigating some underlying cognitive mechanisms that seem to be mainly responsible for these abilities. The ultimate goal is to employ human-in-the-loop results to implement a general-purpose automatic sketch recogniser that is guided by the way people operate on sketches to perform the same tasks. The aim of the article in hand is to contribute to answering two particular questions in this regard: does conceptual salience affect object recognition (when humans identify objects sketched by others)? and do specific parts of a sketch play more significant roles than others in generating a sketch of this object?	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	2	Computer Science (all)	Concepts representation,Sketch recognition,Spatial relations
Research on path planning of automatic handling robot	2017	Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications	2017 The authors and IOS Press. All rights reserved.Aiming at the problem that path planning for automatic handling robot in an environment with obstacles, the working environment model of the handling robot is analyzed. And then a path optimization algorithm based on fusing ant colony and particle swarm optimization algorithm is proposed. First of all, this algorithm uses the global search ability of particle swarm to go on a rough search and quickly plans the starting point to the end of the initial path. Then, the pheromone distribution is performed on the initial path. Finally, the ant colony algorithm is used to search the path carefully to get the optimal path. Experimental verification shows that compared with a single ant colony or particle swarm optimization algorithm, fused algorithm about ant colony and particle swarm optimization has a significant improvement in the number of iterations and path planning.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence	Ant colony algorithm,Handling robot,Particle swarm optimization algorithm,Path planning
Intelligent Processing Methods Usage for Transport Systems Safety Improvement	2017	Procedia Engineering	2017 The Authors.The paper presents the usage of the intelligent processing methods in vehicles to increase an active safety without any interference with a driving process. We are taking into account three aspects. The main goal of the first one is overtaking driver's reactions. The system - based on the soft computing methodology working "on-line"- analyses pictures in front of the vehicle and recognises road events The second aspect - the monitoring devices are able to use automatic number plate recognition techniques to capture and store the various parameters for vehicles recognized in automatic way by the video detection techniques. Data from the monitoring devices are used to analyse the travel time of vehicles - elements of the transportation system. We build the travel time model taking into account the real road situation. The final safety aspect is based on intelligent dispatching method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Engineering (all)	ANPR,discrete transport system,MMR,road monitoring,vehicle dispatching,vehicle recognition
An application of a discrete firefly algorithm in the context of smart mobility	2017	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.Firefly algorithm (FA) is a swarm intelligence based optimization method. It is based on the social behavior of fireflies where the brighter firefly attracts the less brighter one. In this paper, we present a discretization of FA in order to solve a problem related to the context of smart mobility. First, the context of smart cities and smart mobility is presented and a related optimization problem is proposed. Then, a discretization of FA to solve the problem is proposed. The proposed algorithm is based on transforming the FA functions into a discrete ones capable of manipulating a permutation of integers. Computational experiments on a set of instances from the literature demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed methodology.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Electric Vehicle,Firefly algorithm,Smart cities,Smart mobility
Designing mass-customized network of passenger services subject to grid topology constraints	2017	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.Using fractal organization perspective, this paper provides an unified approach to multimodal routing and timetables synchronization problems imposed by public transport services within city’s grid-like network. The goal is to provide a declarative modelling driven approach enabling assessment of the right match-up of local transportation line schedules to a given passenger flow itineraries. Assuming city’s grid-like clusters resulting in mesh-like street networks the corresponding transportation network composed of a set of same pattern repetitively acting local transportation modes is considered. In that model the passenger travel schedules can be estimated easily while taking into account cyclic behaviour of both: local transportation modes and the whole transportation network. A numerical case is presented to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed approach, and the sensitivity of the grid-like structure of transportation network with respect to their spatial features such as heterogeneity and symmetry is also examined.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Grid topology,Multimodal processes,Public transport,Scheduling
Towards an autonomous system for handling inter-terminal container transport	2017	EVS 2017 - 30th International Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition	2017 MOBI -Mobility, Logistics and Automotive Technology Research Centre.As part of the National Transition Board Practice Research Raak/SIA program, the INTRALOG (intelligent Truck Application in Logistics) project investigated the practical application of zero emission Automatic Guided Trucks (AGTs) for the transport of containers in the Harbour Industrial Cluster (HIC) in the port of Rotterdam. The introduction of zero emission autonomous trucks is facing a couple of barriers and challenges which are discussed in this paper. Autonomous driving is still under development and the application of batteries in heavy trucking is not yet feasible, because of their relatively low energy density versus fossil fuels. Carrying heavy batteries reduces the payload and therefore complicates the financial feasibility of electric propulsion with batteries. Analysis of the container flows at the port area of Rotterdam has shown a big difference based on distance, closed track or open road, type of energy, and energy distribution. In terms of organization, five different situations can be distinguished: (i) Central Exchange Route (CER), (ii)Inter-terminal, (iii) DCs (Distribution Centres) in HIC, (iv) (intermodal) inland terminals in the Netherlands and (v) the long-distance transport. The CER proves to be an ideal solution to start the introduction of zero emission AGTs. In terms of innovative technology all lights for actual implementation have been switched into green. However, the major challenge now emerging at the Port of Rotterdam is how to mobilize all key stakeholders in such a way that the estimated benefits outweigh estimated costs and really leads to the implementation of this new autonomous and zero emission system in practice.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Fuel Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Automotive Engineering	Autonomous truck driving,Freight transport,Heavy duty vehicles,Zero emission
SamaTulyata: An efficient path based equivalence checking tool	2017	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.An application program can go through significant optimizing and parallelizing transformations, both automated and human guided, before being mapped to an architecture. Formal verification of these transformations is crucial to ensure that they preserve the original behavioural specification. PRES+ model (Petri net based Representation of Embedded Systems) encompassing data processing is used to model parallel behaviours more vividly. This paper presents a translation validation tool for verifying optimizing and parallelizing code transformations by checking equivalence between two PRES+ models, one representing the source code and the other representing its optimized and (or) parallelized version.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Cut-point,Eclipse plugin,Equivalence checking,FSMD model,PRES+ model
Action classification based on mutual difference score	2017	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2017.Human action recognition refers to the classification of human action from video clips automatically. Images extracted from the video clips at regular time interval are processed to identify the action contained in them. This is done by comparing these images with images taken from appropriate standard action databases. Thus, human action recognition becomes the task of verifying the similarity between two images. This paper proposes mutual difference score as a measure of similarity between two images. The proposed measure has been validated using the Weizmann and KTH datasets.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Entropy,Human action recognition,Joint entropy,Mutual difference score,Mutual information
Fast ground detection for range cameras on road surfaces using a three-step segmentation	2017	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.We present in this paper a fast and simple free floor detection method. Compared to existing methods the proposed method can handle non-planar camera motion by means of a Three-Step procedure. A fast initial segmentation is followed by an intermediate floor plane estimation to adapt to the camera motion. Then, a final segmentation is done using the estimated plane. This allows for correct segmentation even when the camera moves up and down, tilts or rolls. Outdoor measurements of a road surface were performed with a Time-of-Flight camera mounted in front of a car. The measurements contain three types of road surface: concrete, stone and asphalt. The proposed segmentation takes less than 1.25 ms per frame for range images with a resolution of 176 by 132, making it fit for real-time applications. The resulting accuracy is higher than the state of the art.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Floor segmentation,Obstacle detection,Range camera,RGB-D,Time-of-flight
Estimation of UAV position with use of smoothing algorithms	2017	Metrology and Measurement Systems	2017 Polish Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.The paper presents methods of on-line and off-line estimation of UAV position on the basis of measurements from its integrated navigation system. The navigation system installed on board UAV contains an INS and a GNSS receiver. The UAV position, as well as its velocity and orientation are estimated with the use of smoothing algorithms. For off-line estimation, a fixed-interval smoothing algorithm has been applied. On-line estimation has been accomplished with the use of a fixed-lag smoothing algorithm. The paper includes chosen results of simulations demonstrating improvements of accuracy of UAV position estimation with the use of smoothing algorithms in comparison with the use of a Kalman filter.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Global Navigation Satellite System,Inertial Navigation System,Integrated Navigation System,Kalman Filter,Smoothing Algorithm,Synthetic Aperture Radar,Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
Prototype observation and influencing factors of environmental vibration induced by flood discharge	2017	Water Science and Engineering	2017 Hohai UniversityDue to a wide range of field vibration problems caused by flood discharge at the Xiangjiaba Hydropower Station, vibration characteristics and influencing factors were investigated based on prototype observation. The results indicate that field vibrations caused by flood discharge have distinctive characteristics of constancy, low frequency, small amplitude, and randomness with impact, which significantly differ from the common high-frequency vibration characteristics. Field vibrations have a main frequency of about 0.5–3.0 Hz and the characteristics of long propagation distance and large-scale impact. The vibration of a stilling basin slab runs mainly in the vertical direction. The vibration response of the guide wall perpendicular to the flow is significantly stronger than it is in other directions and decreases linearly downstream along the guide wall. The vibration response of the underground turbine floor is mainly caused by the load of unit operation. Urban environmental vibration has particular distribution characteristics and change patterns, and is greatly affected by discharge, scheduling modes, and geological conditions. Along with the increase of the height of residential buildings, vibration responses show a significant amplification effect. The horizontal and vertical vibrations of the 7th floor are, respectively, about 6 times and 1.5 times stronger than the corresponding vibrations of the 1st floor. The vibration of a large-scale chemical plant presents the combined action of flood discharge and working machines. Meanwhile, it is very difficult to reduce the low-frequency environmental vibrations. Optimization of the discharge scheduling mode is one of the effective measures of reducing the flow impact loads at present. Choosing reasonable dam sites is crucial.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Civil and Structural Engineering,Ocean Engineering	Environmental vibration,Flood discharge,Influencing factor,Prototype observation,Vibration characteristics
Pure pursuit guidance for car-like ground vehicle trajectory tracking	2017	ASME 2017 Dynamic Systems and Control Conference, DSCC 2017	Copyright 2017 ASME.Trajectory tracking guidance and control for nonholonomic (car-like) Autonomous Ground Vehicles (AGV), such as selfdriving cars and car-like wheeled mobile robots, is a more challenging control problem than path following control, because the latter does not impose a speed requirement on the vehicle motion. The tracking error dynamics along the nominal path are nonlinear and time-varying in nature, which need to be exponentially stabilized. This paper presents a Line-of-Sight (LOS) Pure- Pursuit Guidance (PPG) trajectory design algorithm that generates a three Degrees of Freedom (DOF) spatial trajectory for an AGV equipped with a 3DOF trajectory tracking controller. The LOS PPG can be used for cooperative, passive (neutral) and adversarial tracking tasks, such as, respectively, formation driving, autonomous lane keeping with speed requirement, and chasing an evading vehicle. The algorithm is verified with computer simulations on a 1/6 scale electric car model, and will be further validated on that model car in the near future.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Localization system for AGVs using laser scanner and marker sensor	2017	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2017.This study develops a localization system using marker sensors and a laser scanner for autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs). To calibrate the relative position data of robots, which are obtained from encoders and gyros, the system uses a laser scanner and magnetic markers. The existing position-tracking method distinguish between rail and non-rail. This study proposes a method that enhances the position accuracy of robots using marker sensors and a laser scanner without distinguishing between rail and non-rail. First, using a laser scanner, the robot positions are obtained by measuring the distance between the reflector and the robot. The magnetic marker sensors provide the absolute position by detecting magnetic landmarks. Using a Kalman filter to combine the position data retrieved from the two sensors with the position data from the encoders and gyro sensors, we propose an effective localization system that integrates rails and non-rails. The experiment was repeated at three places using an actual AGV that was developed for this study. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed system can effectively track the positions of AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	7	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	AGV,Artificial landmark,Laser scanner,Localization,Marker sensor
Designing mass-customized service subject to public grid-like network constraints	2017	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.The paper introduces the concept of a fractal topology routes network (FTRN) in which different transportation modes interact with each other via distinguished subsets of common shared hubs as to provide a variety of mass customized passenger services. Passenger flows following assumed set of travel destinations transit through different transportation modes. The network of repetitively acting local transportation modes routed along road loops of FTRN structure provides a framework for passengers’ origin-destination trip routing and scheduling. In that context, first of all some mass-customized services following presumed scenarios caused by seasonal timetable changes and major sporting events or other special events, e.g. emergency transportation ones, have to be assessed in advance. In general case such problems belong to NP-hard ones. However, the passenger travel schedules can be estimated easily while taking into account both structural features of transportation network, e.g. its regularity, and cyclic behaviour of local transportation modes employed in FTRN. Therefore, the goal is to provide a declarative model allowing one to formulate a constraint satisfaction problem enabling assessment of a city network period as well as development of conditions guaranteeing the right match-up of local transportation line schedules to a given passenger flow itineraries.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Declarative modeling,Grid-like network,Multimodal process,Public transport,Traffic flow
A bio inspired control strategy for a Mecanum-wheeled robot position control	2017	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2017.As a type of AVG, Mecanum wheel-based mobile robots are used in various logistics areas including factories, medical facilities, and warehouses. Many studies have been conducted to improve the control performance of AGVs such as their perception, localization, path planning and navigation, and motion control systems. Among this broad area of mobile robot research, this paper focuses on a bio-inspired control strategy of brain limbic system-based control that is utilized to control the position of a Mecanum wheel-based mobile robot. The working principle of the brain limbic system-based control strategy is learning from proper connection processes between emotion as the stimulus and behavior as the reaction. After describing the BLS control in greater depth, the application of a BLS controller to a Mecanum wheel robot is suggested. The control parameters of the BLS controller are optimized via a genetic algorithm. Numerical simulations are conducted for comparison with a conventional mobile robot position control algorithm to demonstrate the suggested control method's performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Bio inspired control strategy,Brain limbic system based control,Mecanum wheeled robot
Model development of operational services of major commercial ports in Indonesia (case study: Makassar container terminal)	2017	International Journal of Civil Engineering and Technology	The port is the main commercial of Makassar in Indonesia that its operational by management PT Pelindo Region IV, standard service port operations refers to the decision of the Director General of Sea Transportation (UM. 002/38/18/DJPL-11 on December 5, 2011 standards performance indicator of operational services the port). In addition, a technical pattern his ministry implemented standard Operational procedures (SOP) in force in the port of Makassar. The research identified three (3) characteristics of the port of significant effect against the operational service in the commercial ports in Indonesia, namely; 1) Identify the operational management characteristics of Makassar's container port on ship service performance, service performance of container loading and unloading, utility facilities and port equipment; 2) Analyze the effect of the vessel time variables in the port on the minimum performance standard performance of port operational services of Makassar container ports; and 3) Model a relationship between ship's time at the port and the waiting time due to service preparedness factors and the time the vessel is tethered at the dock. Three factors are variable-variable crucial for the achievement of good value according to the standard indicator of operational performance in the set ports the Government based on the decision of the Director General of sea Transportation Ministry of transportation of Indonesia. The results of analysis indicate; 1) value performance service of the ship; WT 0.88 (hours/ship), AT 0.89 (hours/ship), ET: BT 69.16 (%); 2) value the performance of loading and unloading; BCH 26.14 (box/cc/hours) productivity, Receiving 18.6 (minutes), Delivery 15.8 (minutes), and 3) facilities utilization value; BOR 55,13%, YOR 56.44% and operational readiness of equipment 61,95 %.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Indonesia	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Computer Networks and Communications	Container,Indicators,Performance,Port,Service,Ship
Vibration control of vehicles with active tuned mass damper	2017	Journal of Vibroengineering	JVE INTERNATIONAL LTD. JOURNAL OF VIBROENGINEERING.The purpose of this paper is to propose an alternative approach on controlling of vehicle vibrations by using active tuned mass damper. The approach is presented by simulation of a quarter-car model. Initially, a tuned mass damper is integrated on a vehicle model and its optimal parameters are determined by using 3D diagram of the maximum magnitudes of the sprung mass frequency response functions. Active control is obtained by adding an actuator element parallel to tuned mass damper. The fuzzy-sliding mode control method is utilized in reducing the displacement and acceleration magnitudes of sprung mass. Finally, comparison of active and passive responses in frequency and time domain are given to demonstrate vibration control improvement.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	4	Materials Science (all),Mechanical Engineering	Active tuned mass damper,Quarter-car model,Vertical vibration control
Customer requirement acquisition system and requirement expression guidance based on ant colony optimization	2017	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2017.Customer requirement is a crucial factor for a company to provide customized products. In order to better acquire customer requirements and instruct customers to express their requirements, customer requirement acquisition system is proposed in this article. First, requirement node and the form of requirement expression are constructed as the base of this system. Customer requirements are transformed into the description of requirement nodes. The form of requirement expression limits specific method of describing requirement nodes avoiding ambiguous requirements. Then, requirement expression guidance is proposed to rational plan expression path. Optimal expression path is beneficial for customer to concentrate on significant requirement nodes. Ant colony optimization is used to search for it. As a result, complete and clear customer requirements are acquired and the focus of customer requirements is recognized, which improves the design efficiency of enterprises. Finally, an example of automated guided vehicle is used to illustrate the validity of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Mechanical Engineering	Ant colony optimization,Customer requirement,Expression path,Requirement expression guidance,Requirement node
Experimental Evaluation for the Microvibration Performance of a Segmented PC Method Based High Technology Industrial Facility Using 1/2 Scale Test Models	2017	Shock and Vibration	2017 Sijun Kim and Se Woon Choi.The precast concrete (PC) method used in the construction process of high technology industrial facilities is limited when applied to those with greater span lengths, due to the transport length restriction (maximum length of 1516 m in Korea) set by traffic laws. In order to resolve this, this study introduces a structural system with a segmented PC system, and a 1/2 scale model with a width of 9000 mm (hereafter Segmented Model) is manufactured to evaluate vibration performance. Since a real vibrational environment cannot be reproduced for vibration testing using a scale model, a comparative analysis of their relative performances is conducted in this study. For this purpose, a 1/2 scale model with a width of 7200 mm (hereafter Nonsegmented Model) of a high technology industrial facility is additionally prepared using the conventional PC method. By applying the same experiment method for both scale models and comparing the results, the relative vibration performance of the Segmented Model is observed. Through impact testing, the natural frequencies of the two scale models are compared. Also, in order to analyze the estimated response induced by the equipment, the vibration responses due to the exciter are compared. The experimental results show that the Segmented Model exhibits similar or superior performances when compared to the Nonsegmented Model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Condensed Matter Physics,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	None
Mathematical model for planning the layout and stacking of granite blocks in a maritime terminal	2017	International Journal of Logistics Systems and Management	Copyright 2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The break-bulk trade has a significant role in international maritime trade. Brazil exports several break-bulk cargoes, especially granite blocks. The port administration should plan the yard operations, putting more granite blocks in the same area and also reducing the distance travelled by the trucks from the storage yard to the seaside. This paper proposes a mathematical model to plan the layout of the storage yard, named 3D-yard allocation problem (3D-YAP) that considers that a small block goes on top of a big block, only blocks from the same vessel can be stacked in one stack and blocks can be rotated on the X-Y plane. The model was tested on instances based on real data from Praia mole terminal (PMT), Brazil, that were solved by CPLEX 12.6. It is also important to say that the model can be applied to any kind of break-bulk cargo in any port yard or terminal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Management Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	3D yard allocation problem,3D-bin packing problem,3D-BPP,3D-YAP,Break-bulk port
Study on vehicle accident avoidance system using kinect depth sensor along with notifications on mobile devices	2017	International Journal of Applied Engineering Research	Research India Publications.In this paper, Kinect depth sensor, a low-cost range sensor released by Microsoft is used as vision sensor to monitor vehicle’s surroundings by detecting objects in front of it and measuring how far they are from the sensor. Therefore, our monitoring system comes with computer vision techniques which imitate natural human vision system letting unmanned (robots) or manned vehicles to understand the environment around them by extracting and analyzing useful information from a single or a sequence of images taken by cameras, here Kinect camera. Several technologies have been used to deal with computer vision applications such stereovision, LIDAR and RADAR but each of them still has advantages and disadvantages in term of limitations and price. Firstly, experiments have been conducted with Kinect depth sensor by detecting the obstacles in front of the sensor and measuring the distance from them to depth sensor in accuracy way by checking if the detected object is real or not to reduce processing time ignoring pixels which are not a part of real object in such real-time applications. Results are promising and also Kinect accuracy have been tested on distance measurement function based on the location of detected object, different environments (brightness and darkness), physical measurements and system outputs. In our case, we suppose a vehicle equipped with Kinect camera as imaging sensor in order to take more precautions to avoid accident by helping the driver to be warned with simple message or an audio about some objects in front of the vehicle or get proof in case of accident that the driver didn’t take care or not by saving color images and distances in web server whenever there is a warning. Also, a mobile application on android platform is developed to get notification whenever there is a warning about the presence of objects and at the same time distances and color images are recorded in web server for further analysis. Notification system can be used in many scenarios in case the driver is not the vehicle owner and also in parking area when the owner is notified in real time when other vehicle comes closer at a certain distance and can view the color image of the scene simultaneously when there is a warning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Engineering (all)	Computer vision,Depth segmentation techniques,Distance measurement with Kinect v2,Kinect depth sensor,Monitoring system,Object detection with Kinect v2
Noise reduction with inference based on fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points: A feasibility study	2017	IWACIII 2017 - 5th International Workshop on Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	A method for noise reduction is proposed on the basis of a fuzzy-inference scheme for sparse rule bases called α-GEMINAS (a-level-set and generalizedmean-based inference with fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points). The noisereduction process in the proposed method is decisive and is expected to improve the robustness to noise in fuzzy-rule optimization, less relying on trial-anderror-based progress. The proposed method reduces noise in learning data by iteratively performing a-GEMINAS. Initial fuzzy rules for α-GEMINAS are determined by the learning data themselves and the input values of the learning data are given as facts for α-GEMINAS. Deduced consequences replace the consequent singletons in the fuzzy rules. This process is repeated and the noise is reduced along with the iterations. Simulation results indicate that noise is reduced by large amounts in the early iterations and the reduction rate is decelerated in the later iterations where the deviations in the learning data are suppressed to a great extent. These properties prove that the proposed method is feasible in practice.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems	Fuzzy inference,Generalized mean,Noise reduction,Sparse fuzzy rules,α-cut
An early warning system for monitoring new product development projects	2017	SMSIS 2017 - Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Strategic Management and its Support by Information Systems 2017	This paper is concerned with developing methodology of designing an early warning system for monitoring R&D projects. The proposed methodology consists of three steps: planning values of a NDP project, carrying out an earned value analysis for a NDP project, and proposing alternative variants of the project completion. The planned values of a NDP project are predicted with the use of computational intelligence techniques, taking into account variables that significantly impact the project time and cost. These variables and constraints are specified in terms of a constraint satisfaction problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Strategy and Management	Cost management,Decision support system,Earned value analysis,Project management,R&D projects
Bias drift estimation for mems gyroscope used in inertial navigation	2017	Acta Mechanica et Automatica	2017, Bialystok University of Technology. All rights reserved.MEMS gyroscopes can provide useful information for dead-reckoning navigation systems if suitable error compensation algorithm is applied. If there is information from other sources available, usually the Kalman filter is used for this task. This work focuses on improving the performance of the sensor if no other information is available and the integration error should be kept low during periods of still (no movement) operation. A filtering algorithm is proposed to follow bias change during sensor operation to reduce integration error and extend time between successive sensor calibrations. The advantage of the proposed solution is its low computational complexity which allows implementing it directly in the micro-controller of controlling the MEMS gyroscope. An intelligent sensor can be build this way, suitable for use in control systems for mobile platforms. Presented results of a simple experiment show the improvement of the angle estimation. During the 12 hours experiment with a common MEMS sensor and no thermal compensation, the maximum orientation angle error was below 8 degrees.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Angle of orientation,Bias estimation,Filtering,Gauss distribution,Inertial navigation,MEMS gyroscope,Mobile platform
Improving the efficiency by controlling the switching frequency for secondary-side converter of an inductive power transfer system	2017	IEEJ Transactions on Industry Applications	2017 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.The switching frequency affects the efficiency of a secondary-side converter that is configured with a diode bridge rectifier connected to a DC-DC converter in an inductive power transfer (IPT) system. The efficiency characteristics for the switching frequency of a secondary-side converter were analyzed theoretically in order to establish a highly efficient control scheme the controls the switching frequency of the converter. A control scheme is proposed in which the switching frequency of the secondary-side converter is controlled according to the efficiency characteristics. The validity of the proposed control scheme was clarified through experiments. The results showed that the proposed control scheme improved the efficiency of the IPT system by 3.4 points compared to the conventional control scheme.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Battery charger,Converter,Electric vehicle,Inductive power transfer system,S/P compensation,Wireless power transfer
Model-based safety analysis for vehicle guidance systems	2017	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG 2017.This paper considers the design-phase safety analysis of vehicle guidance systems. The proposed approach constructs dynamic fault trees (DFTs) to model a variety of safety concepts and E/E architectures for drive automation. The fault trees can be used to evaluate various quantitative measures by means of model checking. The approach is accompanied by a large-scale evaluation: The resulting DFTs with up to 300 elements constitute larger-than-before DFTs, yet the concepts and architectures can be evaluated in a matter of minutes.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	8	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
From the cyber-physical system to the digital twin: The process development for behaviour modelling of a cyber guided vehicle in M2M logic	2017	Proceedings of the Summer School Francesco Turco	This paper describes a research whose aim was to prototype a Digital Twin (DT) which meets the logistic behavior of a new family of automated guided vehicles (AGVs), based on the Cyber-Physical System (CPS) paradigm. The research consists of two steps. First, the implementation of CPS logic on an existing micro-controlled rover is examined; then, a traditional discrete event simulation (DES) software is used to simulate different environment application for the DT, including some modifications that allow identifying the most suitable solutions for the research aim. The specific design process has limited the stochastic variability of the simulated system to the mechanical component of the CPS-AGV. This because of the absolute identity of the logistic logic, operating both in the code used by the CPS-AGV micro-controller and in the code of simulating the system. The results show that the combined CPS-DT architecture allows a strategic optimization of the plant resources in Industry 4.0 configuration. To this end, different policy have been implemented to optimize the autoadaptive behavior of CPS-AGV, and each one of them has proven to be effective in a specific scenario. Outcomes of this study provide an industrial justification to the design and managing costs of Digital Twin implementation in an Industry 4.0 production system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	13	Business and International Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Waste Management and Disposal	Cyber-Physical Systems,Digital Twin,Industry 4.0,Machine to Machine
Selection of Construction Equipment by using Multi-criteria Decision Making Methods	2017	Procedia Engineering	2017 The Authors.Selecting proper construction equipment is a challenging task in the construction industry due to the broad array of available equipment in the market and a large number of criteria required to be taken into account during decision making. In order to overcome the challenge, multi criteria decision making methods have been proposed to select the proper equipment by ranking the alternatives. This study aims at selecting the proper excavation machine for a construction site by considering qualitative and quantitative criteria including technical specifications, purchasing cost, fuel consumption, service conditions, secondary and replacement parts markets, comfort of the operator. Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) and The Preference Ranking Organization Method for Enrichment of Evaluation (PROMETHEE) decision making methods are used to select the proper excavation machine and the results are compared to assess the effectiveness of the methods.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	9	Engineering (all)	AHP,equipment selection,excavation machine,Multi-criteria decision making,PROMETHEE
An ANN-based optimization model for facility layout problem using simulation technique	2017	Scientia Iranica	2017 Sharif University of Technology. All rights reserved.A real manufacturing system faces lots of real-world situations, such as stochastic behaviors; the lack of attention to this issue is noticeable in the previous research. The aim of this paper is to find the optimum layout and the most appropriate handling transporters for the problem by a novel solving algorithm. The new model contains two objective functions including the Material Handling Costs (MHC) and the complication time of jobs (makespan). Real-world situations such as stochastic processing times, random breakdowns, and cross traffics among transporters are considered in this paper. Several experiment designs have been produced using DOE technique in simulation software and an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) as a meta-model is used to estimate the objective functions in the metaheuristic algorithms. A hybrid non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (H-NSGA-II) is applied for the optimization task. The proposed methodology is evaluated through a real case study. First, simulation model is validated by comparing it with a real data set. Then, the prediction performance of ANN is investigated. Finally, the ability of H-NSGA-II in searching the solution space is compared with the traditional NSGA-II. The results show that the proposed approach, combing simulation, ANN, and H-NSGA-II, provides promising solutions for practical applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Engineering (all)	Artificial neural network,Discrete-event simulation,Facility layout,Non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm
Modelling and simulation of the drivetrain of an omnidirectional mobile robot	2017	Automatika	2017 The Author(s). The main contribution of this paper is to present the state-space model of an omnidirectional drivetrain (Kiwi drive) for mobile robots. Holonomy or omnidirectional movement of mobile robots is important in applications where navigation through tight space is required. Besides the already available literature regarding either dynamic or kinematic models, this paper presents the complex analysis of a mechatronic system and shows a coherent model that takes into account both the kinematics and the dynamics of a coupled electromechanical system. The model was developed based on two holonomic mobile robots: the Festo Robotino Ò and the MOGI Ethon. A simulation software developed by the authors is also presented for numerical evaluation of the model. The simulation results qualitatively confirm the model by fulfilling the empirical requirements. Both the model and the simulation software are expandable in order to improve the accuracy of the model describing actual mobile robots. Compared to other models which are based only on the kinematics of the Kiwi drivetrain, in accordance to one’s technical instinct, the presented model shows that there is a cross effect between the motors of the drivetrain, where the motors affect each other.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Kiwi drivetrain,Omnidirectional mobile robot,Simulation,State-space model
Vision Based Navigation for Omni-directional Mobile Industrial Robot	2017	Procedia Computer Science	2017 The Authors.In this paper, an Omni-directional mobile industrial robot drilling system for aerospace manufacture is introduced. Mecanum wheels are used for the robot's maneuverability in congested workspace. An industrial robot is applied to complete the drilling work for a rocket shell. A vision system is applied to enhance the precision of mobile drilling. Additional sensor systems such as laser measurement system and displacement measurement system are equipped to do the autonomous navigation and anti-collision job. To increase the flexibility and working volume of the mobile industrial robot, the autonomous mobile drilling scheme is presented. In order to fulfil the requirement for drilling precision in aerospace industry, a vision-based deviation rectification solution is developed. Some experiments are carried out to compare the influence of different calibration targets on the robot system. Numerical tests show that the rectification system is able to satisfy the accuracy of the positioning in the autonomous drilling work.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	11	Computer Science (all)	Accurate positioning,Aerospace manufacturing,Autonomous mobile drilling,Calibration target,Mecanum wheel,Omni-directional mobile industrial robot,vision-based measurement,vision-based rectification
A discrete time heuristic for storage and scheduling unloading operations in container terminal under capacity and non-interference constraints	2017	International Journal of Applied Engineering Research	Research India Publications.The operational management of a container terminal is critical for the terminal’s efficiency due to many constraints. The main objective of this paper is to solve a real-life optimization problem at the logistical platform MITA located in Casablanca, Morocco, namely the completion time minimization of containers unloading operations on each train. Thus, we study the cranes scheduling problem as well as the storage strategy in planning horizon while taking into account two real-life constraints which are cranes non-interference and storage areas capacity constraints. A discrete time scheduling heuristic is presented to solve the problem. Computational experiments have been conducted proving the efficiency of the proposed heuristic to find a good solution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Morocco	1	Engineering (all)	Container terminal,Discrete time,Interference,Makespan,Scheduling heuristic,Storage operations
Modelling decision-making processes in the management support of the manufacturing element in the logistic supply chain	2017	Complexity	2017 Robert Bucki and Petr Suchánek.This paper highlights the problems of mathematical modelling for a specific element of the logistic supply chain, that is, the manufacturing system. The complex manufacturing system consisting of a determined number of parallel subsystems is modelled. The fact that the same manufacturing procedure can be carried out in various locations is emphasised. Control algorithms as well as manufacturing strategies are explained. The equations of state are introduced. The two-stage criterion lets us use the result data generated by the simulator of the production system as the initial data for further processing; however, the main goal remains to minimise the time of the course of production. The precisely elaborated case study implements initial data obtained by preceding simulation procedures carried out in manufacturing systems consisting of three, four, and five subsystems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Computer Science (all),Multidisciplinary	None
Trajectory tracking control of a four rotor unmanned aerial vehicle based on continuous sliding mode controller	2017	Elektronika ir Elektrotechnika	In this paper, a nonlinear Continuous Sliding Mode control (CSMC) application is presented for trajectory tracking control of a four rotor unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) called the Quadrotor, also known as micro helicopter. The proposed controller is tested with different time-varying reference routes to provide a stable flight for position control. To show the effectiveness of the designed CSMC, well-tuned PI controller is also applied to quadrotor for the same routes. The current position of the quadrotor is taken from accelerometer, gyroscope and ultrasonic sensors. The experimental results show that the CSMC is adequate to dealing with parameter uncertainties occur in the system dynamics while flying and has satisfactory performance in terms of robustness against to disturbances and error elimination when it compared with PI controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Nonlinear control,Quadrotor,Sliding mode control,Trajectory tracking,UAV
Development of an ontology-driven, component based framework for the implementation of adaptiveness in a Jellyfish-type simulation model	2017	Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Smart Environments	2017 - IOS Press and the authors.Simulation modelling has an ever increasing importance for complex systems. Manufacturing and related material flow or logistic systems are typical fields of application. Latest trends such as Cyber-physical systems and Industry 4.0 give a significant boost to simulation modelling as these require a digital model of the system. Complex manufacturing and related material flow systems are subject to frequent changes and pose a Big Data problem, which raises stronger requirements regarding self-adaptiveness. Conventional simulation models are to be adapted only via user interaction. Previous research steps have concentrated on the establishment of a novel simulation model structure, the so called "Jellyfish" model which unifies layout and process-type simulation models. Visualization of both aspects simultaneously enables interacting users to better understand the systems' operation compared to the conventional models. The current paper focuses on the adaptive capability of the new model. We have concentrated on the hardest type of adaptation, the structural adaptation. In this paper, an ontology-driven component based approach is presented and explained further through an example. Application of automated ontology-matching in simulation environment is a novel approach enabling the simulation model to adapt its structure without the necessity of manual interaction.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	4	Software	Adaptive systems,Logistics,Ontologies,Simulation
A secure automated elevator management system and pressure sensor based floor estimation for indoor mobile robot transportation	2017	Advances in Science, Technology and Engineering Systems	2017 ASTES Publishers. All rights reserved.In this paper, a secure elevator handling system is presented to enable a flexible movement of wheeled mobile robots among laboratories distributed in different floors. The automated handling system consists mainly of an ADAM module which has the ability to call the elevator to the robot's current floor and to request the destination floor. The LPS25HP pressure sensor attached to an STM32F411 microcontroller is utilized as a height measurement system to estimate the robot's current floor inside the elevator. The ultrasonic sensor is used to recognize the elevator's door status. Many challenges have to be solved to realize a stable height measurement system based on pressure sensor readings. The difference of the pressure sensor readings before and after soldering is realized by comparing the reading after soldering with an accurate barometric reading. In addition, the sensor output signal shows oscillation and wide variation of the same floor pressure sensor readings at different times. The oscillation in the output signal has been handled using a first order FIR smoothing filter. The first order filter was selected to balance between the stability and the elapsed time to receive the updated values. An auto-calibration stage is established to maintain the wide variation in the atmospheric pressure readings by calibrating the sensor readings with the robot's current floor before entering the elevator. An error handling management system is utilized to guarantee a stable automated elevator management system performance. Many experiments to assess and verify the performance of the automated elevator management system and robot's current floor estimation are reported. The experimental results show that the proposed methods and sub-systems developed for the mobile robot are effective and efficient in providing a transportation service in multiple-floor life sciences laboratories.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Engineering (miscellaneous),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous),Management of Technology and Innovation	Automated elevator,Floor estimation,Mobile robot,Multi-floor,Pressure sensor
Image rejection and match verification to improve surface-based localization	2017	Australasian Conference on Robotics and Automation, ACRA	The capability to localize is paramount for many mobile robots and autonomous vehicles. Key attributes of localization systems include reliability, accuracy, low-latency, minimal cost and robustness to variation in environmental conditions. Typical approaches by self-driving car systems incorporate some combination of LiDAR, camera, radar and GPS sensing technologies; which are all suboptimal with respect to one or more of the aforementioned key attributes. This paper presents new research that translates previous work on surface-based positioning systems, which have appealing latency and accuracy properties, to road networks in the context of autonomous car positioning. To achieve the required performance and robustness to appearance change caused by phenomena such as day-night cycles, we develop two new data-driven statistical and learning-based techniques. One performs self-evaluation with regards to the suitability of the current camera query image, while the other retrospectively determines the quality of the query-reference image comparison outcome. Multiple new road surface datasets spanning day and night cycles were utilized to evaluate the system. Results show that both contributions significantly improve place recognition performance, decreasing the median estimated image position error from 24m to 0:26m. The strengths and limitations of our approach and how it could complement current positioning techniques to improve vehicle positioning capability are discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
A hybrid optimisation algorithm for production scheduling problem with random orders' arriving	2017	International Journal of Internet Manufacturing and Services	Copyright  2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Production scheduling problem is a very important functional optimisation problem in the modem manufacturing system and which greatly impacts the efficiency and capacity of the manufacturing system. It has been proved to be a NP-hard problem and cannot be well solved based on traditional algorithms. Therefore, it is very necessary to develop efficiency algorithms which can obtain a good production plan with approximate optimal solution in a reasonable time. In this paper, a new method based on integrated genetic algorithm and tabu search is proposed and which can feasibly balance the exploration ability and exploitation ability of calculation. Also, the solution encoding and decoding, crossover and mutation operator, tabu search strategies have been illustrated. In order to evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm, one experiment has been carried out and the comparisons among them are also presented. The result shows that the proposed algorithm can obtain satisfactory solutions and also it is applied to solve the production scheduling problem in a practical textile machine manufacturing enterprise.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Information Systems and Management	Genetic algorithm,Hybrid optimisation algorithm,Production scheduling,Random orders' arriving
Traffic flow routing and scheduling in a food supply network	2017	Industrial Management and Data Systems	Grzegorz Bocewicz, Mukund Nilakantan Janardhanan, Damian Krenczyk and Zbigniew Banaszak. Published by Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to focus on the reference model of a grid-like supply network that enables formulation of delivery routing and scheduling problems in the context of the periodic vehicle routing problem. Design/methodology/approach – The conditions for seamless (collision-free) synchronization of periodically executed local transport processes presented in this paper guarantee cyclic execution of supply processes, thereby preventing traffic flow congestion. Findings – Systems that satisfy this characteristic, cyclic deliveries executed along supply chains are given and what is sought is the number of vehicles needed to operate the local transport processes in order to ensure delivery from and to specific loading/unloading points on given dates. Determination of sufficient conditions guaranteeing the existence of feasible solutions that satisfy these constraints makes it possible to solve the considered class of problems online. Practical implications – The computer experiments reported in this paper show the possibilities of practical application of the proposed approach in the construction of decision support systems for food supply chain management. Originality/value – The aim of the present work is to develop a methodology for the synthesis of regularly structured supply networks that would ensure fixed cyclic execution of local transport processes. The proposed methodology, which implements sufficient conditions for the synchronization of local cyclic processes, allows one to develop a method for rapid prototyping of supply processes that satisfies the time windows constraints given.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Management Information Systems,Industrial Relations,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Declarative model,Discrete event dynamic system,Grid-like structure,Periodic vehicle routing problem,Traffic flow
A simulation-based optimization approach for stochastic yard crane scheduling problem with crane mobility constraints	2017	SIMULTECH 2017 - Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Simulation and Modeling Methodologies, Technologies and Applications	Copyright 2017 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda. All rights reserved.With the fast-paced growth in containerized trade market the need for effective and efficient operations at container terminals is a critical factor in freight transport. One major contributing factor of terminal efficiency is the productivity of Yard Cranes (YC) resulting from YC scheduling. In this paper, the stochastic YC Scheduling Problem (YCSP) is presented aspiring to provide a new yard cranes analysis through operational attributes of the container handling process. A stochastic mixed integer programming model is proposed, and a simulation-based optimization procedure introduced to build YC schedules that account for the dynamic and uncertainty nature of container handling process in container terminals.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	0	Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Information Systems	Container Terminals,Mobility Constraints,Simulation-based Optimization,Stochastic Scheduling
An energy-aware load balancing algorithm to perform computation type application processes in a cluster of servers	2017	International Journal of Web and Grid Services	Copyright  2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.A cluster of servers is getting scalable and widely used in various types of applications. It is critical to reduce the electric energy consumed by servers in a cluster to realise eco society. In this paper, we newly propose an improved delay time based (IDTB) algorithm to reduce the total electric energy consumption of a cluster and to more efficiently utilise the computation resources for performing application processes in a cluster. In the IDTB algorithm, a load balancer estimates the state of each server just by using responses from processes and without additionally communicating with servers to collect states of the servers. We evaluate the IDTB algorithm compared with the basic round-robin (RR), improved power consumption laxity based (IPCLB), and delay time based (DTB) algorithms. We show the total electric energy consumption of a cluster and response time of each process can be reduced in the IDTB algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	5	Computer Networks and Communications,Software	Cloud computing systems,Computation type application process,Delay time based algorithm,Electric power consumption models,Energy-aware distributed systems,Energy-efficient load balancing algorithms,Energy-efficient server cluster systems,Green computing,Improved delay time based algorithm,Improved power consumption laxity based algorithm
Vision-based vehicle detection system applying hypothesis fitting	2017	International Journal of Fuzzy Logic and Intelligent Systems	The Korean Institute of Intelligent Systems.In this paper, we propose the improved vision-based vehicle detection system which is added a hypothesis fitting (HF) step to the typical vehicle detection system consisting of the hypothesis generation (HG) and hypothesis verification (HV) step. In the HG step, the system generates hypotheses using shadow regions appearing under vehicles. In the HV step, the system verifies whether a hypothesis is a vehicle or not by applying a classifier and feature vectors extracted from the hypothesis. The proposed HF step is conducted between HG and HV steps and help to improve performance of the vehicle verification by adapting region of hypotheses. We verify the performance of our proposed HF method through a total of 4,797 hypotheses, 1,606 positive hypotheses, and 3,191 negative hypotheses data set.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	5	Signal Processing,Logic,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Histogram of oriented gradients,HOG symmetry,Hypothesis fitting,Hypothesis generation,Hypothesis verification,TER-RM,Vehicle detection
Capacity planning for mega container terminals with multi-objective and multi-fidelity simulation optimization	2017	IISE Transactions	2017 “IISE”.Container terminals play a significant role as representative logistics facilities for contemporary trades by handling outbound, inbound, and transshipment containers to and from the sea (shipping liners) and the hinterland (consignees). Capacity planning is a fundamental decision process when constructing, expanding, or renovating a container terminal to meet demand, and the outcome of this planning is typically represented in terms of configurations of resources (e.g., the numbers of quay cranes, yard cranes, and vehicles), which enables the container flows to satisfy a high service level for vessels (e.g., berth-onarrivals). This study presents a decision-making process that optimizes the capacity planning of large-scale container terminals. Advanced simulation-based optimization algorithms, such as Multi-Objective Multi- Fidelity Optimization with Ordinal Transformation and Optimal Sampling (MO-MO2TOS), Multi-Objective Optimal Computing Budget Allocation (MOCBA), and Multi-Objective Convergent Optimization via Most- Promising-Area Stochastic Search (MO-COMPASS), were employed to formulate and optimally solve the large-scale multi-objective problem with multi-fidelity simulation models. Various simulation results are compared with one another in terms of the capacities over different resource configurations to understand the effect of various parameter settings on optimal capacity across the algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	8	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Capacity planning,Container terminals,Multi-objective multi-fidelity optimization,Resource configuration,Simulation-based optimization
Robust control of a redundant wheeled drive system for energy saving and fail safe motion	2017	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2017.This article presents sliding mode-based robust tracking control for a redundant wheeled drive system, which is designed for energy saving and fail safe motion. Wheeled mobile robots are widely used in different applications such as a wheelchair and an automated guided vehicle because of their loading capability, low mechanical complexity, and simple engineering design. In addition, using wheeled mobile robots is an effective way to enhance the quality of life for elderly and disabled people to promote their independence and to extend their activities. Wheeled mobile robots are generally operated using embedded batteries, which determine the operating time. Therefore, saving energy motion is a significant requirement to extend the operation time. The dynamics of a redundant wheeled drive system is described. Distribution control and sliding mode control for wheeled mobile robots are proposed, and its stability is guaranteed based on the Lyapunov stability theory. Finally, the robustness and effectiveness of the proposed method are demonstrated experimentally, providing superior results to conventional state feedback control and robust tracking in the real environment with less energy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Mechanical Engineering	Energy saving control,Redundant drive system,Robust control,Sliding mode control,Wheeled mobile robot
Dynamic route choice prediction model based on connected vehicle guidance characteristics	2017	Journal of Advanced Transportation	2017 Jiangfeng Wang et al.A route choice prediction model is proposed considering the connected vehicle guidance characteristics. This model is proposed to prevent the delay in the release of guidance information and route planning due to inaccurate timing predictions of the traditional guidance systems. Based on the analysis of the impact of different connected vehicle (CV) guidance strategies on traffic flow, an indexes system for CV guidance characteristics is presented. Selecting five characteristic indexes, a route choice prediction model is designed using the logistic model. A simulation scenario is established by programming different agents for controlling the flow of vehicles and for information acquisition and transmission. The prediction model is validated using the simulation scenario, and the simulation results indicate that the characteristic indexes have a significant influence on the probability of choosing a particular route. The average root mean square error (RMSE) of the prediction model is 3.19%, which indicates that the calibration model shows a good prediction performance. In the implementation of CV guidance, the penetration rate can be considered an optional index in the adjustment of the guidance effect.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Automotive Engineering,Economics and Econometrics,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management	None
Mathematical programming and grey Wolf optimiser for minimising sum of the total due date assignment, maximum tardiness and delivery costs for a supply chain scheduling problem	2017	International Journal of Services and Operations Management	2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper focuses on the integration of the three most important and practical decisions in a supply chain, including due date assignment, production scheduling and outbound distribution. The issue under consideration is to minimise the summation of maximum tardiness, and due date assignment and batch delivery costs. To provide solution methods, first, two mathematical programming models including one mixed nonlinear model and one mixed linear model to solve it are presented. After these developments, since the problem is NP-hard and solving real problems on a large scale is virtually impossible, the combinational meta-heuristic algorithm based on Grey Wolf optimiser (GWO) and heuristic algorithm for solving the problem are presented. The GWO is a fast and robust algorithm in which the number of parameters that should be controlled is few. In this study, various computational tests have also been used to evaluate the effectiveness of the development methods - Taguchi method to set the parameters, design of experiments to generate the experiments, and analysis of variance to analyse the results. The computational results show that the combinational meta-heuristic method introduced in this paper puts in a high performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Due-date assignment,Grey Wolf optimiser,GWO,Heuristic algorithm,Meta-heuristic algorithm,Production and distribution scheduling,Supply chain scheduling
Impact Analysis of Mega Vessels on Container Terminal Operations	2017	Transportation Research Procedia	2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Mega vessels currently play a vital role in maritime transportation and their deployment may have significant impacts on container terminal operations. This study is concerned with the impact analysis of mega vessels on container terminal operations. First, the container operation process at a container terminal is formulated as a queuing network. Based on the queuing network, a simulation model is then developed. Because of the computational complexity of the simulation, the ARENA  software tool is used to solve the developed model, based on a realistic case involving the Hong Kong port. The case analysis comprises ten scenarios that represent current and possible future situations regarding the utilization of more mega container vessels. The results suggest that the current port facilities may not be sufficient to accommodate more mega container vessels.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	9	Transportation	Container Terminal,Queuing Network,Ship Size,Simulation
An omnidirectional stereo system for logistic plants. part 1: Calibration and multi-channel rectification	2017	Proceedings of the Romanian Academy Series A - Mathematics Physics Technical Sciences Information Science	This work presents a fisheye lens based omnidirectional stereo sensor. The sensor is installed on the top of the vehicle such that it can observe the entire area around it. The vehicles we use in the experiments are automated forklifts. We propose a multi-channel rectification to divide the original fisheye images into three pairs of rectified perspective images. The complexity of the fisheye stereo processing therefore reduces to a series of standard image processing techniques. This is especially useful for the efficient generation of the 3D information from images, where the epipolar lines have to correspond to the lines in the images. We use a standard dense stereo matching engine to generate three disparity images from the pairs of rectified images. The stereo reconstruction, the processing of the disparity images for obstacles detection and the detection accuracy evaluations are presented in the second part of the paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Romania	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all),Engineering (all),Physics and Astronomy (all)	Fisheye lens,Multi-channel rectification,Omnidirectional stereovision
A hybrid approach based on ANP and grey relational analysis for machine selection Hibridni pristup zasnovan na analitičkom mrežnom postupku i sivoj relacijskoj analizi za izbor stroja	2017	Tehnicki Vjesnik	2017, Strojarski Facultet. All rights reserved.In a manufacturing system, inappropriate machine selection may lead to many problems by negatively affecting productivity, precision, flexibility and product quality, and machine selection is considered to be an important subject to make the system effective. A Multi-Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) which is relying on the different criteria and alternatives is to choose the most suitable machine among many alternatives. In this study, for machine selection problem, a hybrid approach is proposed which combines Analytic Network Process (ANP) and Grey Relational Analysis (GRA). To identify weights of the selection criteria and to analyze the machine selection problem, the ANP is used whilst the GRA is used for ranking. The proposed approach can be applied easily by anybody (technical staff, managers, manufacturer, vendor, etc.) familiar with basic Microsoft Excel knowledge. The proposed approach is used for the selection problem of CNC router machines to be bought by an international company. As a result, the company has considered the method and outcomes acceptable and appropriate to implement to the machine selection decisions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	8	Engineering (all)	Analytic network process (ANP),CNC router machine,Grey relational analysis (GRA),Machine selection,Multi criteria decision-making (MCDM)
Vehicle Routing Problems with Fuel Consumption and Stochastic Travel Speeds	2017	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2017 Yanling Feng et al.Conventional vehicle routing problems (VRP) always assume that the vehicle travel speed is fixed or time-dependent on arcs. However, due to the uncertainty of weather, traffic conditions, and other random factors, it is not appropriate to set travel speeds to fixed constants in advance. Consequently, we propose a mathematic model for calculating expected fuel consumption and fixed vehicle cost where average speed is assumed to obey normal distribution on each arc which is more realistic than the existing model. For small-scaled problems, we make a linear transformation and solve them by existing solver CPLEX, while, for large-scaled problems, an improved simulated annealing (ISA) algorithm is constructed. Finally, instances from real road networks of England are performed with the ISA algorithm. Computational results show that our ISA algorithm performs well in a reasonable amount of time. We also find that when taking stochastic speeds into consideration, the fuel consumption is always larger than that with fixed speed model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Mobile robot transportation for multiple labware with hybrid pose correction in life science laboratories	2017	Journal of Automation, Mobile Robotics and Intelligent Systems	2017, Industrial Research Institute for Automation and Measurements. All rights reserved.In automated working environments, mobile robots can be used for different purposes such as material handling, domestic services, and objects transportation. This work presents a transportation process for multiple labware with hybrid pose correction in life science laboratories using H20 mobile robots. Multiple labware and tube racks, which contain chemical and biological components, have to be transported safely between laboratories on different floors of life science environment. Therefore, an accurate approach for labware transportation is required. The H20 robot has dual arms each consisting of 6 revolute joints with 6-DOF. The problem statement of robot positioning error in front of the workstation is presented. The navigation strategy with its related systems is presented for multi-floor mobile robot transportation environment. A Stargazer module is used as a stable and low-cost mapping and localization sensor with artificial landmarks. An error management system to overcome incorrect stargazer reading problems is presented. Different strategies of pose correction for mobile robots are described. The H20 robot is equipped with sonar sensors and Kinect V2 to be used for labware manipulation and position correction. The Kinect sensor V2 with SURF algorithm (Speeded-Up Robust Features) is used to recognize and localize the target. The communication procedure between the transportation platforms is done using client-server models.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Artificial Intelligence	Grasping and placing operation,Kinect V2,Localization error handler,Mobile robot localization,Motor encoder,Multi-floor,Multiple labware transportation,Robot position correction
Improving performance of lock assembly line using lean and simulation approach	2017	International Journal of Business Performance Management	Copyright  2017 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Assembly line optimisation is an important process. When the system is complex, mathematical modelling and design of experiments becomes difficult. Hence process simulation approach is adopted here. Contribution of this research is improvement of performance of assembly line by maximising the measurement of performances like cycle time, throughput, resource utilisation and also by reducing cost. Key features of this research are development of eight different models for different input variables without disturbing existing set up. This what-if analysis is done using Arena process simulation software. Effect of layout, resource distribution, combination of operations, time study, Maynard operation sequencing techniques (MOST) has been studied here. Combinational effect of all these parameters are difficult to analyse analytically, hence unique simulation approach is selected. MOST is useful to find value added and non-value added activities. Lean techniques like kaizen, total productive maintenance, line balancing, low cost automation are used for different scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	4	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management	Arena,Assembly line efficiency,DES,Discrete event simulation,Lean production,Line balancing,Mixed model,Optimisation,Simulation
A linear programming embedded simulated annealing in the design of distributed layout with production planning and systems reconfiguration	2017	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2016, Springer-Verlag London.In this paper, a linear programming embedded simulated annealing algorithm for solving a comprehensive model in the design and operation of distributed layout -based manufacturing systems is presented. The mathematical model considered incorporates a number of important manufacturing attributes. These attributes include demand fluctuation, system reconfiguration, lot splitting, work load balancing, alternative routing, machine capability, tooling requirements, material handling cost, machine relocation cost, setup cost, inventory carrying cost, in-house production, and subcontracting costs. Optimal solutions for such comprehensive mathematical models can only be found for small size problems due to NP-complexity. To solve the model for large size problems, efficient meta-heuristic algorithm is required. The development of such an algorithm is the main contribution of this paper. Numerical examples are presented to demonstrate the computational performance of the developed algorithm and illustrate a challenge that may be encountered when one tries to embed a linear programming in a metaheuristic.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Distributed layout,Dynamic reconfiguration,Linear programming,Production planning,Simulated annealing algorithm
An integrated control method for designing non-blocking supervisors using Petri nets	2017	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2017.This article presents an efficient integrated approach on designing a non-blocking supervisor for the most general classes of Petri nets, called G-systems that allow multiple resource acquisitions. This work mainly focuses on developing a deadlock prevention policy with a polynomial computational complexity. First, an extraction algorithm of liveness requirement constraints is presented according to the concept of resource partial orders. By considering the different resource requirements of various processes, monitors are added for the uncontrolled G-system on the basis of those precise linear inequality constraints. Afterward, we explore an iterative control policy by utilizing the traditional mathematical programming method, which can ensure the liveness of the resultant controlled system. Comparing with the existing deadlock control policies reported in the literature, the proposed method can achieve a non-blocking controlled G-system with simple structure and high computational efficiency. Finally, a benchmark G-system example is used to substantiate the efficiency of the new method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Mechanical Engineering	G-systems,Mixed integer programming,Petri net,Resource partial orders,Supervisory control
Evaluating resiliency of supply chain network: A data envelopment analysis approach	2017	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2017 by the author.Supply chains can be vulnerable to sudden disruptions, especially when it emphasizes efficient operation. In this regard, supply chain resilience (SCR) has received attention recently to cope with disruptions and improve competitiveness. This paper presents a novel methodology to measure resilience between different configurations of a supply chain network (SCN), based on a number of influential factors. For this reason, data envelopment analysis (DEA) is employed to identify the best-practice and less-performing SCN configurations among a group of alternatives. On this basis, the extent to which a current configuration can improve its resiliency is also measured. The methodology is applied to the case of E1, a liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) company in Korea. Topological and operational measures were used as variables to assess resilience. The results suggest that the LPG supply chain in the case study requires an addition in the number and capacity of supply nodes in its network.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	16	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Data envelopment analysis,Resiliency,Supply chain network,Vulnerability
Innovative control of assembly systems and lines	2017	CIRP Annals	2017The increasing demand for flexibility and reconfigurability of assembly lines generates new challenges for the control of these lines and their subsystems, such as robots, grippers, conveyors or automated guided vehicles. Also new requirements for their interaction between each other and the environment as well as with humans arise. On the other hand the rapid change of information and communication technology opens new potentials for innovative control. Due to the high degree of interconnection between controllers, actuators and sensors, the classical automation pyramid is replaced by networked structures with a higher degree of flexibility, but also higher complexity. This trend is supported by the ability to collect and process data within cloud environments, the rapid increase of computational power of decentralized and embedded controllers and the high potential of machine learning for automation. This keynote gives an overview of innovative approaches in ICT and robotics for flexible control and automation of assembly lines and systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	40	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cloud technology,Control,Robotics
FUZZY analytic hierarchy process (FAHP) integration for decision making purposes: A review	2017	Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Fuzzy Analytic Hierarchy Process (FAHP) is generally used as decision making purpose. However, AHP provides a single numerical number. As the method can only yield binary decisions of either "yes" or "no", the method is not compatible when the decision has uncertainties. Consequently, previous researchers have fused AHP with fuzzy to process alternatives with uncertainty judgment. In this paper, fundamental knowledge of separate tool was reviewed. Fundamental of both fuzzy and AHP were also summarized in this article. The next phase of this paper was to split the types of FAHP namely to determine the relative weight and the rank or score. Two methods were utilized under FAHP to determine relative weight ; triangular and trapezoidal FAHP. Next type of FAHP was to determine the score of each alternative often carried out after triangular or trapezoidal FAHP. The second types of FAHP were Fuzzy TOPSIS, and VIKOR. These FAHPs were explained and steps to carry out were presented in this paper. In conclusion, all types of FAHP are compared in terms of computational time, number of steps and level of difficulty.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	6	Software,Automotive Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	FAHP,Fuzzy TOPSIS,Fuzzy VIKOR,Trapezoidal FAHP
A new method for the redundancy analysis of Petri net-based liveness enforcing supervisors	2017	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	The Author(s) 2017.The deadlock control of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) has been widely studied in the literature. Petri nets (PNs) are extensively used as a tool for modelling, analysis and controller synthesis of such systems. In general, Petri-net-based liveness enforcing supervisors (LESs) include control places (CPs) together with their input/output arcs. It is well known that the methods proposed for computing CPs may provide redundant and necessary CPs. In this paper, a new method is proposed for redundancy test of CPs by means of supervisory control theory (SCT). The proposed method is based on the idea that after the removal of a CP from an LES, if the controlled model is still live, then the removed CP is redundant. The proposed method makes use of the TCT implementation tool of SCT. It is applicable to a PN-based LES consisting of a set of CPs. The applicability of proposed method is demonstrated by means of examples from the relevant literature. For some examples, the redundancy test provides more permissive behaviour with structurally simpler supervisors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	1	Instrumentation	Deadlock,flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs),liveness enforcing supervisor (LES),Petri nets (PN),redundancy test,supervisory control theory (SCT)
A review of industrial wireless networks in the context of Industry 4.0	2017	Wireless Networks	2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.There have been many recent advances in wireless communication technologies, particularly in the area of wireless sensor networks, which have undergone rapid development and been successfully applied in the consumer electronics market. Therefore, wireless networks (WNs) have been attracting more attention from academic communities and other domains. From an industrial perspective, WNs present many advantages including flexibility, low cost, easy deployment and so on. Therefore, WNs can play a vital role in the Industry 4.0 framework, and can be used for smart factories and intelligent manufacturing systems. In this paper, we present an overview of industrial WNs (IWNs), discuss IWN features and related techniques, and then provide a new architecture based on quality of service and quality of data for IWNs. We also propose some applications for IWNs and IWN standards. Then, we will use a case from our previous achievements to explain how to design an IWN under Industry 4.0. Finally, we highlight some of the design challenges and open issues that still need to be addressed to make IWNs truly ubiquitous for a wide range of applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	195	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Industrial applications,Industrial wireless networks,Industry 4.0,Quality of data,Quality of service,Wireless sensor networks
Introduction to system of systems	2017	Systems of Systems Engineering: Principles and Applications	2009 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Recently, there has been a growing interest in a class of complex systems whose constituents are themselves complex. Performance optimization, robustness, and reliability among an emerging group of heterogeneous systems in order to realize a common goal has become the focus of various applications including military, security, aerospace, space, manufacturing, service industry, environmental systems, and disaster management, to name a few [Crossley, 2006; Lopez, 2006; Wojcik and Hoffman, 2006]. There is an increasing interest in achieving synergy between these independent systems to achieve the desired overall system performance [Azarnoosh et al. 2006]. In the literature, researchers have addressed the issue of coordination and interoperability in a system of systems (SoS) [Abel and Sukkarieh, 2006; DiMario, 2006]. SoS technology is believed to more effectively implement and analyze large, complex, independent, and heterogeneous systems working (or made to work) cooperatively [Abel and Sukkarieh, 2006]. The main thrust behind the desire to view the systems as an SoS is to obtain higher capabilities and performance than would be possible with a traditional system view. The SoS concept presents a high-level viewpoint and explains the interactions between each of the independent systems. However, the SoS concept is still at its developing stages [Meilich, 2006; Abbott, 2006].	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	0	Engineering (all)	None
Appraisements of material handling system in context of fiscal and environment extent: A comparative grey statistical analysis	2017	International Journal of Logistics Management	2017 Sabet, Yazdani, De Leeuw.Purpose - In present research, the authors conducted the massive literature review and collected the information, in regards to material handling system (MHS) to build a multi criteria MHS hierarchical module consists of ecological cum fiscal criteria. Moreover, similar literature review assisted the authors to resolve and eventually construct the effectual and robust approach. The purpose of this paper is to facilitate the managers for benchmarking the MHS alternatives operating under similar module via robust decision support system (DSS). Design/methodology/approach - In present research, the proposed module dealt with ecological (subjective) and fiscal (objective) criteria, where subjective criteria associated with incompleteness, vagueness, imprecision, as well as inconsistency, solicited the discrete information in terms of Grey set via linguistic scale from experts panel. The objective information (capital) has been assigned by expert's panel in terms of Grey set. To robustly evaluate and select the admirable MHS, three approaches named: degree of possibility, technique for order preference similar to ideal solution as well as Grey relational analysis fruitfully applied to connect and unite discrete information. Findings - The performance evaluation of MHSs has been carried out under concert of individual fiscal criteria excluding ecological criteria in past researches. Moreover the previous developed DSS tackled sole approach under individual fiscal criteria. The authors found the broad applications of fuzzy sets except Grey set theory in the same context for measuring the performance of MHS alternatives. Aforesaid research gaps have been transformed into research objectives by incorporating the module for both fiscal cum ecological criteria. This research embraces a robust DSS, which has been explored to select the admirable MHS alternative. Originality/value - An empirical case study has been carried out in order to demonstrate the legitimacy of holistic Grey-MCDM method, implemented over multi criteria MHS hierarchical module. Proposed DSS seems to be the best for organisations, which believe to appraise and select the MHS including fiscal as well as ecological criteria excluding individual fiscal criteria. Moreover, subjective cum objective or individual subjective or objective criteria can be extended with respect to varieties of MHSs.	Journal	j	re	Review	India	5	Business and International Management,Transportation	Ecological criteria,Grey set theory,Material handling system (MHS),Multi criteria decision making (MCDM)
Fuzzy inference: Its past and prospects	2017	Journal of Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	Fuzzy inference in the past and its future prospects are described to further promote research in the field: First, the basic methods of fuzzy inference are introduced. Then, the progress of fuzzy inference is reviewed, showing its remarkable achievements, especially in industries. A consideration of fuzzy inference is presented from operational viewpoints. It provides a key to creating fuzzy-inference methods in the future. The growing research area of fuzzy inference is also introduced in order to discuss a current direction, reflecting the consideration mentioned above. Moreover, some future prospects on fuzzy inference are presented, which are expected to stimulate research.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Deep learning,Fuzzy control,Fuzzy inference,Fuzzy logic,Type-2 fuzzy set
Digitization in maritime logistics—What is there and what is missing?	2017	Cogent Business and Management	2017 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license.The global seaports are of pivotal importance for the world economy. Since 1990, global container traffic has grown by an average of 10% annually. Equally, the steady growth of ship sizes poses major logistical and technical problems worldwide. Given these facts, shipping and maritime logistics would largely benefit from Big Data as well as the emerging digital technologies. Apart from the many positive effects of digitization in maritime logistics with respect to efficiency, safety and energy saving, there are, however, also risks (e.g. data abuse, cybercrime). Based on a systematic literature review, this article provides an overview of the current state of digitization in maritime logistics, discusses existing problem areas, and shows potential for improvement. The results show that it is essential to capture the development potential in order to be able to benefit from the advantages. However, research is still in its initial stages, and there is a lack of theoretical and empirical work as well as explanatory approaches to appropriate recommendations for action and restructuring.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	16	Business and International Management,Accounting,Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Strategy and Management,Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	Big Data,container terminal operations,digitization,maritime logistics,port operations
Predicting vehicle trajectory	2017	Predicting Vehicle Trajectory	2017 by Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.This book concentrates on improving the prediction of a vehicle’s future trajectory, particularly on non-straight paths. Having an accurate prediction of where a vehicle is heading is crucial for the system to reliably determine possible path intersections of more than one vehicle at the same time. The US DOT will be mandating that all vehicle manufacturers begin implementing V2V and V2I systems, so very soon collision avoidance systems will no longer rely on line of sight sensors, but instead will be able to take into account another vehicle’s spatial movements to determine if the future trajectories of the vehicles will intersect at the same time. Furthermore, the book introduces the reader to some improvements when predicting the future trajectory of a vehicle and presents a novel temporary solution on how to speed up the implementation of such V2V collision avoidance systems. Additionally, it evaluates whether smartphones can be used for trajectory predictions, in an attempt to populate a V2V collision avoidance system faster than a vehicle manufacturer can.	Book	b	bk	Book	United States	5	Engineering (all),Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Deadlock analysis and control based on Petri nets: A siphon approach review	2017	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2017.Deadlocks should be eliminated in highly automated manufacturing systems since their occurrence implies the stoppage of the whole or partial system operation. Over the past decades, Petri nets are increasingly becoming one of the most popular and full-fledged mathematical tools to deal with deadlock problems due to their inherent characteristics. In a Petri net formalism, liveness is an important property of system safeness, which implies the absence of global and local deadlock situations in an automated manufacturing system. The liveness assessment can be performed by verifying the satisfiability of certain predicates on siphons, a well-known structural object in Petri nets. Therefore, siphons have received much attention to analyze and control systems modeled with Petri nets. Particularly, elementary siphon theory plays a key role in the development of structurally simple liveness-enforcing Petri net supervisors, leading to a variety of deadlock control approaches. This survey studies on the state-of-the-art elementary siphon theory of Petri nets including refined concepts of elementary siphons and their extended version, computation methods of siphons and elementary ones, controllability conditions, and their application to deadlock control. As a reference, this work attempts to provide a comprehensive and updated research survey on siphons, elementary siphons, and their applications to the deadlock resolution in Petri nets.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	14	Mechanical Engineering	Deadlock prevention,Elementary siphon,Petri net,Siphon,Structural analysis
