Using Fuzzy Logic Scheme for Automated Guided Vehicle To Track Following Path Under Various Load	2018	Proceedings 2018 4th International Conference on Green Technology and Sustainable Development, GTSD 2018	2018 IEEE.In the industrial working area, it is complex to predict any problems such as lift up and down the delivered goods. It may lead to unstable movement while automated guided vehicle tracks the trajectory. In this research, the implementation of Fuzzy Inference System in AGV to stabilize the tracking error under various loads conditions. In the experiment, AGV operates in a real industrial condition with variation of loads. The results indicate that vehicle can work well regardless of the carried loads.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	7	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanics of Materials	AGV,Fuzzy,Logistics
FOCS: Planning by Fusion of Optimal Control Search and its Application to Navigation	2018	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2018 IEEE.Both Optimal Control and Search-based Planning are used extensively for path planning and have their own set of advantages and disadvantages. In this paper, we propose an algorithm FOCS (Fusion of Optimal Control and Search) that combines these two classes of approaches together. FOCS finds a path exploiting the advantages of both approaches while providing a bound on the sub-optimality of its solution. The returned path is a concatenation of the path found in the implicit graph constructed by search and the path generated by following the negative gradient of the value function obtained as a solution of the Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation. We analyze the algorithm and illustrate its effectiveness in finding a minimum-time path for a car-like vehicle in different environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Diversity in Pedestrian Safety for Industrial Environments Using 3D Lidar Sensors and Neural Networks Research supported by the New Zealand Ministry for Business Innovation and Employment (MBIE) on contract UOAX1414.	2018	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2018 IEEE.The motivation of the work presented here is to create a component of a safety system based on 3D lidar sensors, specifically for industrial environments where some rules can be set for people who will be in close proximity to working robots. Specifically, the operating procedure that is put in place in the workplace is that all people must wear the provided high visibility clothing, which has retro-reflective strips attached. It is shown here that the retro-reflective strips provide a strong cue for pedestrian detection in the intensity data from a lidar sensor within a range of 4 metres. We present and compare multiple methods of exploiting this cue and provide a recommendation for how a safety system should be architected in order to best exploit the lidar intensity data in combination with more common approaches for detection of objects from the lidar range data. Amongst these detection methods is the use of neural networks, which present challenges for key components of standardized safety system development-in particular, for programming methodology control, interpretability of testing and diagnostic coverage. We propose methods for how to start to address these challenges and how to integrate neural networks into safety systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Fast Path planning on planar occupancy grid exploiting geometry of obstacles	2018	2017 9th International Conference on Advances in Pattern Recognition, ICAPR 2017	2017 IEEE.To socialize a robot, a key aspect that needs to be addressed is a path planning, and motion planning. In the past a number of algorithms have been advanced for efficient computation of a path between a source and a goal location. In this paper a path planning algorithm on a two dimensional occupancy grid has been proposed. The method exploits the geometric properties of the obstacles to plan a feasible as well as acceptable path, keeping the path length close to the shortest possible length. Comparisons using performance measures such as, computational time, and the quality of path metric, have been carried out with a few state of the art algorithms to justify the effectiveness of the proposed method over the existing ones.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Signal Processing	Convex hull,Corner vertex,Occupancy grid,Shortest path
Wireless communication technologies in automated guided vehicles: Survey and analysis	2018	Proceedings: IECON 2018 - 44th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society	2018 IEEE.Nowadays Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) have been widely ultilized in modern production and manufacturing industry. As wireless communication is one of the key technologies in AGVs, one goal of this paper is to present a comprehansive review of two most commonly used wireless standards in current AGV systems, namely ZigBee and IEEE 802.11. We showed that low latency and high reliability are two stringent requirements in a Cyber-Physical System (CPS) based AGVs system. Based on these analysis, we propose directions on possible wireless communication standards that may suitable for future researches of AGVs, as these solutions are specially optimized/designed for machine type communications (MTCs), and can provide much better performance than currently employed ones.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization	Automated guided vehicles,IEEE 802.11,Industrial automation,Wireless control,ZigBee
Rear steer actuator-less four-wheel steering system for four-wheel driving electric vehicles	2018	Proceedings: IECON 2018 - 44th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society	2018 IEEE.Four-wheel steering (4WS) vehicles have superior charactristics in motion performance to two wheel ones by controlling the yaw motion and the sideslip angle. Previous research revealed that electric vehicles (EVs) driven by in-wheel motors (IWMs) can steer without steering actuators (electric power steering, EPS) by utilizing their appropriate alignment, the difference of right and left driving forces and self-aligning torques. In this paper, the system to apply the rear EPS-less steering method to 4WS EVs is proposed and 2 ways to realize it are discussed. The one uses the estimation of lateral force, and the other uses a lateral force sensor to measure the precise value and enhance the robustness against the modeling error of the vehicle mass. The effectiveness of the methods are demonstrated by simulations and experiments in the situations of avoiding collisions and changing lanes with a 4WS and four-wheel driving IWMs-EV without a rear EPS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization	None
A Review of Path Planning and Control for Autonomous Robots	2018	2018 IEEE 2nd Colombian Conference on Robotics and Automation, CCRA 2018	2018 IEEE.Autonomy is an important topic in modern robotics and it is attained by jointly applying motion planning and control algorithms. This paper presents a review of some well known motion planning techniques, which are: A-star A∗, Probabilistic Roadmap and Genetic Algorithms, they are applied to a mobile robot operating into a given environment which contains random-shaped obstacles located arbitrarily. The results of any selected planning algorithm are used as setpoints for a feedback nonlinear controller that operates the motion of the robot in the environment. Simulation results show that probabilistic roadmap has the best performance in time computing, that it has path lengths close to A∗ algorithm results (optimal under given constraints), and also an effective behaviour on the proposed input-output feedback linearisation control methodology for path tracking.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Colombia	1	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture	None
An autonomous mobile robot architecture for outdoor competitions	2018	Proceedings - 15th Latin American Robotics Symposium, 6th Brazilian Robotics Symposium and 9th Workshop on Robotics in Education, LARS/SBR/WRE 2018	2018 IEEE.Outdoor autonomous navigation and obstacle avoidance are common challenges in robotic competitions, and solving them involves many different sets of skills. In this work, we present a modular architecture for controlling a robot in such tasks. It uses unscented Kalman filter and extended Kalman filter to fuse Global Positioning System, inertial measurement unit and odometry data; a model reference adaptive velocity controller, a proportional controller, and a deformable virtual zone algorithm for reactive obstacle avoidance. We also developed a computer vision target tracking algorithm. In the end, we show the importance of having quality sensors to work with.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	1	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization,Education	Autonomous Navigation,Computer Vision,Kalman Filter,Motion Controller,MRAC,Robot Architecture,Robotic Competitions,RRT
Modular Open Hardware Omnidirectional Platform for Mobile Robot Research ∗	2018	2018 IEEE 2nd Colombian Conference on Robotics and Automation, CCRA 2018	2018 IEEE.A robotic platform is essential to validate any algorithm developed for mobile robotics research, as usually simulation results does not reflect all the real world circumstances and error sources. Nowadays there are several available commercial solutions that can be used to validate the developed algorithms, but they are usually expensive and closed to hardware modifications. Another option is to build the robotic platform, but while these solutions are normally open hardware and can be easily modified and maintained, many are assembled using low cost components and are intended only for robot education, and for this reason are not suitable for advanced algorithm implementation nor can employ advanced sensors. A possible solution is presented in this paper, in which an open hardware modular omnidirectional platform is developed, with robust hardware implementation using modular commercially available components, at a lower cost that some more expensive available solutions, but with similar performance and capabilities being suitable for mobile robot research and experimentation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Costa Rica	0	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture	None
CROTPN Based Collision-Free and Deadlock-Free Path Planning of AGVs in Logistic Center	2018	2018 15th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2018	2018 IEEE.In recent years, automated guided vehicle (AGV) is becoming increasingly important for logistic center, which usually has tens of thousands of express packages to sort and transport every day. In order to enhance the efficiency of sorting, multiple AGVs have been used to transport as many express packages as possible in a given time. However, there may exist collisions and deadlocks when two or more AGVs are trying to pass through a shared area at the same time. In this paper, we study collision-free and deadlock-free path planning of multiple AGVs with the objective of minimizing the makespan, that is, the maximum time of the AGVs to finish a round of delivery. To solve the problem, we first propose a candidate path generation algorithm to generate several paths for each AGV, from which a combination of the paths is selected based on optimal path combination selection (OPCS) algorithm, such that the collisions and deadlocks can be minimized. Then, we construct a colored resource-oriented timed Petri net (CROTPN) model for dynamic changing AGV routes after slicing the scheduling period into timeslots. Through Slot-Control policy, the collision and deadlock can be effectively avoided. Our experiment is simulated based on CPN tools. Experiment results show that our method can achieve a high sorting throughput using the least AVGs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization	AGV,CROTPN,logistic center,path planning,Petri net
Dispatching of multiple Autonomous Intelligent Vehicles considering stochastic travel times by Genetic Algorithm	2018	2018 15th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2018	2018 IEEE.An assumption on deterministic travel times of the vehicles might not be realistic for the dispatching problem of multiple Autonomous Intelligent Vehicles (AIVs). Thus, this paper presents a more accurate approach to solve this problem by considering stochastic travel times of the vehicles. The problem is modeled as a stochastic combinatorial optimization (SCO) problem that aims to minimize the total travel time and balance the utilization time of AIVs. Genetic Algorithm (GA) is then used to provide near-optimal solutions for the SCO. The obtained near-optimal results are then compared with the ones using conventional ruled-based approaches. The results showed that the GA solver could outperform the conventional ruled-based approaches in both deterministic and stochastic testing scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization	None
An Innovative Robotics Stowing Strategy for Inventory Replenishment in Automated Storage and Retrieval System	2018	2018 15th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2018	2018 IEEE.Modern automated warehouses are equipped with one or many expensive and sophisticated equipment, such as palletizing robots, automated guided vehicles as well as an automated storage and retrieval system (AS/RS). These equipment are operated manually at many levels. These manual interruptions are accompanied by disadvantages of slow storage and retrieval speed, high operating costs and high frequency of errors in the operations. This paper presents an approach for efficient robotic stowing of items for inventory replenishment in a storage system. The objective is to enable a robotic arm system to stow items into a storage bin system and automatically generate a file to indicate which bin each object is stowed to. This would require a robust object recognition imbued with recognition history such that a previously recognized object is remembered as being stowed, even if it has been obscured by other objects subsequently during the task. A feature confidence aggregation strategy has been implemented to analyze a sequence of images containing a number of objects that are added to the storage system sequentially. The strategy is based on a weighted aggregation of ranked machine-learned classification scores and feature-matching recognition scores. This method is able to produce a high recognition rate and has been applied in the Amazon Robotic Challenge 2017 by Team Nanyang.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization	None
An Autonomous Forklift with 3D Time-of-Flight Camera-Based Localization and Navigation	2018	2018 15th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2018	2018 IEEE.In this paper we present an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) based on a forklift. While centralized transport systems are widely used in the industry, these systems are expensive to set up and inflexible with regard to changes in the schedule. We in contrast investigate an approach that uses a decentralized autonomous forklift that uses a 3D Time-of-Flight (ToF) camera as its navigation sensor and is not dependent on artificial visual landmarks. The capability to process transport orders and maneuver in confined space with the required accuracy has been successfully tested in two warehouse environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization	None
Autonomous Exploration Guided by Optimisation Metaheuristic	2018	2018 15th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2018	2018 IEEE.Autonomous exploration aims to develop mechanisms that enable a robot to navigate through an unknown environment, seeking to collect information that is relevant to its objective, with minimal or no human intervention. This article presents an autonomous exploration strategy based on a multimodal continuous utility function and optimization metaheuristic. The problem of autonomous exploration of mobile robots is formulated as an optimization problem, providing data for a Firefly-based algorithm that is able to search for points in the solution space, representing cells on the map being constructed, that best meet the exploration objectives. Simulations in a Robot Operating System environment showed that the proposed approach is able to guide robot through good trajectories, leading to full mapping, without any human intervention.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization	None
Actuator Fault Tolerant Control in a Team of Mobile Robots	2018	2018 15th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2018	2018 IEEE.In this paper, a fault tolerant controller is developed for loss of effectiveness actuator faults in differential drive mobile robots. Based on the extended Kalman filter technique, a joint parameter and state estimation method is used to estimate the actuator loss of effectiveness gains as the parameters of the system. The estimated gains are then used in the controller to compensate the effect of actuator faults. Moreover, a fault tolerant leader-follower controller is developed to control multiple robots moving on a desired trajectory in a formation in the presence of actuator faults in leader or followers. The proposed method is implemented on Qbot-2 and its performance is experimentally validated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Qatar	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization	Extended Kalman filter,Fault tolerant control (FTC),Leader-Follower,Loss of effectiveness actuator fault,Mobile robots
A parameter tuning approach of the Sliding Mode Control for a Quadcopter based on Genetic Algorithms	2018	2018 IEEE 3rd Ecuador Technical Chapters Meeting, ETCM 2018	2018 IEEE.In this work is presented a parameter tuning approach of a Sliding Mode Control (SMC) using Genetic Algorithms (GA). The GA are used for the tuning of the parameters of the Orientation Control and Height of quadcopter, considering all the cases in a sliding surface PD. The objective of GA is to provide a set of parameters that minimizes the integral square error (ISE) of the SMC. The SMC is improved when it is used the GA.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ecuador	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Biomedical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	Genetic Algorithms,Parameter Tuning,Quadcopter,SMC
Research and Design of a Path Planning Algorithm in the Intelligent Logistics Sorting System	2018	Proceedings of 2018 IEEE 3rd Advanced Information Technology, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IAEAC 2018	2018 IEEE.In order to improve the intelligence of the logistics sorting system, a new path planning algorithm is proposed, which enables AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) to sort and transport the parcels automatically. The AGV, applied in model of AGV logistics sorting system presented in this paper, could classify the parcels waiting to be sorted effectively through the input image processing of UVC (USB video class) camera and the independent weight detection. Applying passive RFID positioning technology, a path will be designed to transport the parcels to the designated unloading port. Thus the task of sorting parcels is completed. Compared to the widely used mechanical sorting system, this system makes transport routes more flexible and the sorting more efficient, meanwhile, the cost is lower with the passive RFID network to design the AGV navigation. At last, several simulated texts were well carried out on the experimental platform and the effectiveness and practicability of the system is verified.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	AGV,image processing,path planning,RFID
Research on positioning system based on Zigbee communication	2018	Proceedings of 2018 IEEE 3rd Advanced Information Technology, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IAEAC 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper presents a three-dimensional layered localization method based on Zigbee communication, can be effectively used for indoor positioning. The three methods of RSSI ranging model and hierarchical positioning algorithm. To solve the problem of traditional Zigbee communication three-dimension large localization error. Using the design of 3D layered localization algorithm of Zigbee communication indoor positioning system based on vertical environment. To effectively solve the error problem, to achieve accurate positioning. The sensing characteristics of Zigbee are analyzed, the calibration of A and effect of n value on Zigbee communication.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	indoor three - dimensional positioning,RSSI ranging model,trilateral localization,Zigbee communication
Obstacle avoidance path planning algorithm based on model predictive control	2018	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	ICROS.In recent years, as image processing and control technology have been studied extensively, autonomous vehicle becomes an active research area. For autonomous driving, it is essential to generate a safe obstacle avoidance path considering the surrounding environments. In this paper, an algorithm based on real-time output constraints model predictive control (RCMPC) is devised for obstacle avoidance path planning in the high-speed driving situations. Four simulations were conducted to compare with the normal model predictive control (NMPC) algorithm. The MPC computation times were also compared to verify robustness of the algorithm in the high-speed driving situations. The ISO 2631-1 comfort level standard was used to quantify driver’s comfort and to compare with the results. The results of the RCMPC resulted in faster computation times than that of the NMPC and showed a high comfort level scores.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Comfort Level,Model Predictive Control,Obstacle Avoidance,Path Planning
A Vision-Based Inspection Strategy for Large-Scale Photovoltaic Farms Using an Autonomous UAV	2018	Proceedings - 2018 17th International Symposium on Distributed Computing and Applications for Business Engineering and Science, DCABES 2018	2018 IEEE.The complex operational environment of photovoltaic farms has brought direct challenges to the conventional manual-style inspection. Small-scale quad-rotor unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have been widely used in many civil applications in virtue of their obvious advantages. A typical UAV based inspection system aims to obtain infrared and visible images of polar panels to detect the failures; usually, the process of acquiring the images relies on manual work or autonomous flight control according to previously obtained waypoints, and the disadvantages of the above methods are inefficiency and inaccuracy respectively. In this paper, a vision-based image acquisition strategy is presented without predefined task points. Firstly, single PV string's edges are acquired by processing video frames in real time; then the flight direction and offset for the UAV can be calculated; through the velocity control algorithm, automatic tracking for PV arrays can be achieved. The proposed solution is evaluated through experiments and the numerical results demonstrated the effectiveness of the suggested approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management	PV inspection,Quad rotor UAV,vision-based control
A design of automated inspections of both shape and height simultaneously based on stereo vision and PLC	2018	International Conference on Control, Automation and Systems	ICROS.This paper presents the design and implementation of an automatic inspection system for parts rejection in a manufacturing process, where parts are the short pieces of circle- and square-pipes. The designed model is based on a stereo vision and programmable logic controller (PLC). Both shape classification and height measurement of the parts can be achieved simultaneously with a stereo vision. Its computation is implemented in Raspberry Pi broad, which is supported by Python and OpenCV. The simplified stereo vision is established by two commercially available webcams and it has already been calibrated. If the shape and height of products are not correct, the rejected signal is produced and passes to a PLC. Meanwhile, the PLC of model Siemens S7-1200 is applied to control the pneumatic rejection cylinder. The designed method is completely executed and evaluated. The experimental result shows good synchronization between Raspberry Pi and PLC. The accuracy of shape classification is more than 98% and the error of height measurement is less than ±1mm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	PLC,Raspberry Pi,Shape and Height Inspection,Stereo Vision
Optimal path planning and tracking for AGV lane merging	2018	2018 15th International Multi-Conference on Systems, Signals and Devices, SSD 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper addresses an innovative algorithm in optimal path planing dedicated for lane change scenarios. The generated trajectory is bounded laterally inside the road boundaries and longitudinally with a security distance from the preceding vehicles. The second part of this paper tackle the design and the implementation of an adaptive computed torque controller which is exclusively applied for automated vehicle control. Finally, a numerical simulation is elaborated to prove the efficacy of the developed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Adaptive computed torque,AGV,Lane change,Optimal constrained path
Routing-based Sequencing Applied to Shuttle Systems	2018	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2018 IEEE.Shuttle systems are automated storage and retrieval systems based on autonomous vehicles moving within a storage-rack system. Various shuttle system configurations exist, which differ by the vehicles' movement axes. Some configurations allow stored units to be retrieved in a given sequence directly from the storage system. Supplying picking areas in customer-order sequence or production areas in production sequence exemplify the requirement to supply storage items in a particular sequence. In this contribution., we apply a routing-based algorithm to shuttle systems., which ensures that routed vehicles arrive in a desired sequence. We conduct a series of simulation experiments to analyze the impact of retrieval-in-sequence on throughput and discuss measures to mitigate the ensuing loss of throughput.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	automated storage and retrieval systems,discrete event simulation,routing,sequencing,shuttle systems
Context-Aware Route Planning for Automated Warehouses	2018	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2018 IEEE.In order to ensure efficient flow of goods in an automated warehouse and to guarantee its continuous distribution to/from picking stations in an effective way, decisions about which goods will be delivered to which particular picking station by which robot and by which path and in which time have to be made based on the current state of the warehouse. This task involves solution of two suproblems: (1) task allocation in which an assignment of robots to goods they have to deliver at a particular time is found and (2) planning of collision-free trajectories for particular robots (given their actual and goal positions). The trajectory planning problem is addressed in this paper taking into account specifics of automated warehouses. First, assignments of all robots are not known in advance, they are instead presented to the algorithm gradually one by one. Moreover, we do not optimize a makespan, but a throughput - the sum of individual robot plan costs. We introduce a novel approach to this problem which is based on the context-aware route planning algorithm [1]. The performed experimental results show that the proposed approach has a lower fail rate and produces results of higher quality than the original algorithm. This is redeemed by higher computational complexity which is nevertheless low enough for real-time planning.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	coordination,intelligent logistics,planning
Single Direction Traffic Rule for GRID System - An Innovative Automated Material Handling System	2018	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2018 IEEE.The Goods Retrieval and Inventory Distribution (GRID) system is a conceptual automated material handling system. The compact and complex structure makes the routing of the trolleys difficult, which limits the system performance and structural extendability. Motivated by city traffic which sets direction on certain roads to create traffic loops, we proposed a single direction traffic rule (SDTR) for the GRID system by creating loops over the network. Comparing with the free routing traffic rule (FRTR) developed in previous study, SDTR significantly reduce the vehicle conflicts. The numerical experiment further showed that FRTR outperforms SDTR when the number of trolleys is small since the trolleys may not travel on the shortest path in SDTR. However, SDTR is much better than FRTR when the number of trolleys are large due to the increasing number of conflicts in FRTR. SDTR has shown to be capable of further improving the throughput of the vertical expanded layout, however, due to the structure limit, the long waiting time near horizontal paths remains an issue in the horizontal expanded layout for further study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Preservation of Traffic Liveness in MPC Schemes for Guidepath-based Transport Systems	2018	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2018 IEEE. Guidepath-based transport systems is a pertinent abstraction for the traffic that is generated in many contemporary applications, ranging from industrial material handling and robotics, to computer game animations and the qubit transport systems that are employed in quantum computing. In some recent works of ours, we have proposed the traffic coordination in this class of systems according to a model predictive control (MPC) scheme that seeks to maximize the traffic throughput while retaining computational tractability for the corresponding scheduling problem. In this work we perform a more systematic investigation of the conditions that must be observed by the adopted MPC scheme in order to ensure the liveness of the resulting traffic. The presented results span a number of possible configurations of the underlying guidepath-based transport systems, and integrate and extend a variety of past results concerning the liveness-enforcing supervision of AGV and other complex resource allocation systems. 1	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Analysis of End-of-State Impact on Manufacturing System Production Performance	2018	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2018 IEEE.Manufacturing system dynamics and production performance in future time can be influenced by the current states and the external forces (e.g., random disruption events and control input). Hence, system states at the end of an action or a schedule plan (end-of-state) will impact the production performance in future time. In this paper, we analyze end-of-state impact on production performance of serial production lines with finite buffers and how different end-of-state will change system production. The concept of machine/system recovery time is proposed to identify the time it takes for such change in system production to occur. Analytical methods are developed to evaluate the aforementioned system production change and the machine/system recovery time. The benefits of the corresponding action or schedule plan can be obtained based on these evaluation results. This will help assess and determine suitable production actions and plans to more effectively improve system production.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	end-of-state,Manufacturing system dynamics,manufacturing system model,production performance change,recovery time
Scene-Adaptive Fusion of Visual and Motion Tracking for Vision-Guided Micromanipulation in Plant Cells	2018	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2018 IEEE.This work proposes a fusion mechanism that overcomes the traditional limitations in vision-guided micromanipulation in plant cells. Despite the recent advancement in vision-guided micromanipulation, only a handful of research addressed the intrinsic issues related to micromanipulation in plant cells. Unlike single cell manipulation, the structural complexity of plant cells makes visual tracking extremely challenging. There is therefore a need to complement the visual tracking approach with trajectory data from the manipulator. Fusion of the two sources of data is done by combining the projected trajectory data to the image domain and template tracking data using a score-based weighted averaging approach. Similarity score reflecting the confidence of a particular localization result is used as the basis of the weighted average. As the projected trajectory data of the manipulator is not at all affected by the visual disturbances such as regional occlusion, fusing estimations from two sources leads to improved tracking performance. Experimental results suggest that fusion-based tracking mechanism maintains a mean error of 2.15 pixels whereas template tracking and projected trajectory data has a mean error of 2.49 and 2.61 pixels, respectively. Path B of the square trajectory demonstrated a significant improvement with a mean error of 1.11 pixels with 50% of the tracking ROI occluded by plant specimen. Under these conditions, both template tracking and projected trajectory data show similar performances with a mean error of 2.59 and 2.58 pixels, respectively. By addressing the limitations and unmet needs in the application of plant cell bio-manipulation, we hope to bridge the gap in the development of automatic vision-guided micromanipulation in plant cells.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Can a humanoid robot engage in heartwarming interaction service at a hotel?	2018	HAI 2018 - Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Human-Agent Interaction	2018 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.While more and more robots have been employed in the service industry, the impact of the human–robot social interaction on a heartwarming interaction service mostly remains an open question. For the purpose of exploring the possibility that a humanoid robot engages in a heartwarming interaction service, we developed herein the first prototype of the service system through a humanoid robot and conducted a field study, where a humanoid robot engages in the service for a customer at a hotel to collect a customer’s impression of the service by questionnaire. The results demonstrate a humanoid robot’s potential of engaging in a heartwarming interaction service that enhances customer satisfaction of the whole service. An exploratory analysis suggests the differences of the impact in sex and long-term interaction. Finally, we discuss the possibility of another application, namely, effective advertisement through a heartwarming interaction with a humanoid robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence,Software	Hospitality,Hotel service,Human-humanoid robot interaction
Maximizing traffic flow of automated guided vehicles based on Jamology and applications	2018	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2018.This study aims to propose and investigate a theoretical maximum traffic flow method. Furthermore, we propose a merging timing control based on the results obtained from this method, which are verified using actual automated guided vehicles. The results (micro-level optimization) enable automated guided vehicles to achieve a fabrication level optimization (macro-level optimization). Engineers working in the field of automated guided vehicles have found that there is an optimal headway distance that achieves a maximum traffic throughput when automated guided vehicles operate with merging points. “Zipper merging” is known to be a suitable merging method resulting from “Jamology.” In this study, first, we will verify the results using the “Zipper merging” simulation model. Second, we develop a mathematical model and verify its simulations and experiments using actual automated guided vehicles. Finally, we develop a merging timing control to augment transfer flow and verify the effects using a small full fabrication simulation. We predict that this control will improve factory model throughput when used in practical applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Mechanical Engineering	automated guided vehicle,control engineering,Industrial application,Jamology,modeling
An improved fusion algorithm of path planning for automated guided vehicle in storage system	2018	2018 IEEE 4th International Conference on Computer and Communications, ICCC 2018	2018 IEEE.Aiming at the problems of large computation, poor real-time performance and GNRON (goals no reachable with obstacle nearby), an improved fusion algorithm of path planning for AGV (automated guided vehicle) in storage system is proposed in this paper, which combines the improved A∗ algorithm and the improved artificial potential field algorithm. The proposed algorithm features an innovative decision module, which could realize the self-invoking between the global path planning algorithm and local path planning algorithm to adapt to different storage environments. The simulation and experiment results verify the rationality and feasibility of the algorithm, proving its favorable prospects for application.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing	Improved fusion algorithm,Path planning,Self-invoking
A sustainable and conflict-free operation of AGVs in a square topology	2018	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdAutomated guided vehicles (AGVs) are now very often used as basic equipment in transportation systems. The efficiency of such systems depends on many factors. One of the crucial issues is collision and deadlock-free operation. In this area, many algorithms have been proposed. Most of them are suitable for systems with a small number of AGVs. Moreover, new areas of implementation of transportation systems with a large number of AGVs have recently appeared. Very often, these transportation systems have a regular structure, e.g. mesh-like. In this paper, a new method for describing such systems with unidirectional, bidirectional or multiple lane flow-paths is proposed. In this method, a layout of a transportation system is divided into squares and described by a matrix. The motion of an AGV is considered as a movement from square to square with a fixed average speed. For this reason, a new method for AGV collision and deadlock prevention is proposed. This method is proposed based on chains of reservations. It is suitable for implementation in transportation systems with a square structure and with a large number of AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	9	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Bidirectional paths,Deadlock and collision prevention,Square topology
Multi-AGV Parking Path Planning Based on Improved Ant Colony Algorithm 基于改进蚁群算法的多AGV泊车路径规划	2018	Jiaotong Yunshu Xitong Gongcheng Yu Xinxi/Journal of Transportation Systems Engineering and Information Technology	Copyright  2018 by Science Press.For automated guided vehicle (AGV) path planning in smart parking garages, a multi-AGV path planning method based on improved ant colony algorithm is proposed. For single AGV, fallback strategy is introduced to the basic ant colony algorithm to enhance the adaptability. And a new heuristic information and novel pheromone update strategies are also presented to improve the convergence speed and optimization ability. To solve the opposite conflict of multi-AGV, an improved conflict resolution strategy of temporary avoidance and path re-planning is proposed. The simulation results for a typical real underground parking garage show that the improved ant colony algorithm has higher rate of successful path finding, stronger global search capability and faster convergence speed. Our algorithm can solve multi-AGV conflicts and satisfy multi-AGV path planning requirements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Fallback strategy,Improved ant colony algorithm,Intelligent transportation,Path planning,Temporary avoidance
A new memetic algorithm for mitigating tandem automated guided vehicle system partitioning problem	2018	Journal of Industrial Engineering International	2017, The Author(s).Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) provides the flexibility and automation demanded by Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS). However, with the growing concern on responsible management of resource use, it is crucial to manage these vehicles in an efficient way in order reduces travel time and controls conflicts and congestions. This paper presents the development process of a new Memetic Algorithm (MA) for optimizing partitioning problem of tandem AGVS. MAs employ a Genetic Algorithm (GA), as a global search, and apply a local search to bring the solutions to a local optimum point. A new Tabu Search (TS) has been developed and combined with a GA to refine the newly generated individuals by GA. The aim of the proposed algorithm is to minimize the maximum workload of the system. After all, the performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated using Matlab. This study also compared the objective function of the proposed MA with GA. The results showed that the TS, as a local search, significantly improves the objective function of the GA for different system sizes with large and small numbers of zone by 1.26 in average.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVS,Genetic algorithm,Memetic algorithm,Tabu search,Tandem configuration
Autonomous Transport: Transforming Logistics through Driverless Intelligent Transportation	2018	Transportation Research Record	National Academy of Sciences: Transportation Research Board 2018.How can autonomous technology be used beyond end-customer autonomous driving features? This position paper addresses this problem by exploring a novel autonomous transport solution applied in the automotive logistics domain. We propose that factory-complete cars can be transformed to become their own autonomous guided vehicles and thus transport themselves when being moved from the factory for shipment. Cars equipped with such a system are driverless and use an onboard autonomous transport solution combined with the advanced driver assistance systems pre-installed in the car for end-customer use. The solution uses factory-equipped sensors as well as the connectivity infrastructure installed in the car. This means that the solution does not require any extra components to enable the car to transport itself autonomously to complete a transport mission in the logistics chain. The solution also includes an intelligent off-board traffic control system that defines the transport mission and manages the interaction between vehicles during systems operation. A prototype of the system has been developed which was tested successfully in live trials at the Volvo Car Group plant in Gothenburg Sweden in 2017. In the paper, autonomous transport is positioned in between autonomous guided vehicles and autonomous driving technology. A review of the literature on autonomous vehicle technology offers contextual background to this positioning. The paper also presents the solution and displays lessons learned from the live trials. Finally, other use areas are introduced for driverless autonomous transport beyond the automotive logistics domain that is the focus of this paper.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Sweden	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
A Heuristic for Path Planning of Multiple Heterogeneous Automated Guided Vehicles	2018	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	2018, Korean Society for Precision Engineering and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.This paper deals with a path planning problem of multiple heterogeneous Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). AGVs are heterogeneous as having different structures (average velocity) and functions (payload). By focusing on dispatching and routing of AGVs, we solve the problem by transform it into a multiple heterogeneous Hamiltonian path problem. We propose a heuristic based on primal-dual technique to solve the multiple heterogeneous Hamiltonian path problem. We implemented the heuristic and compared with the existing methods. The implementation results show that our proposed heuristic produces reasonable quality solutions within a short computation time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV dispatching,AGV routing,Heterogeneous vehicle routing problem,Primal-dual heuristic
Research on AGV Positioning Error Correction Method Based on Multi-Sensor 基于多传感器的AGV定位误差校正方法研究	2018	Zhongbei Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of North University of China (Natural Science Edition)	2018, The Press of NUC. All right reserved.Aimed at the problem of positioning error in Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system, based on a fast response (Quick Response, QR) code landmark system and a new encoder installation method, a visual calibration method and a S curve correction algorithm were proposed. The visual calibration method used the QR code which embed the tag number and location information, and used the camera to identify the QR code, then extracted the location of the QR code feature points in the network, and made a correction to AGV by calculating the position deviation and attitude between the current QR code and the AGV. The S curve correction algorithm corrected the position deviation of AGV through the distance difference between the left and right encoder. The results show that the combination of the two methods can compensate the error accumulated under the large angle range of encoder.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Management of Technology and Innovation	Automated guided vehicle,Error compensation,Positioning navigation,QR code technology
Job Shop Scheduling Problem with Limited Output Buffer 缓冲区间有限条件下的作业车间调度方法	2018	Dongbei Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Northeastern University	2018, Editorial Department of Journal of Northeastern University. All right reserved.The job shop problem with limited output buffers(JS-LOB)was addressed with the objective of minimizing the process make-span. An integer nonlinear mathematical programming(INLP)model was proposed to describe this problem. Based on the model, a two-stage algorithm consisting of obtaining feasible solutions and a local search was proposed to solve the JS-LOB problem. The operator in local search was a neighborhood structure based on a disjunctive graph model. Computational results were presented for a set of benchmark tests, some of which were enlarged by different proportions between the capacity of the buffer and the number of jobs. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm through comparing with other exist algorithms and indicate when the processing time of the job conforms to a uniform distribution, and when the proportion between the capacity of the buffer and the number of jobs is larger than 20%, the influence of the buffer will become very small.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Disjunctive graph,Job shop scheduling,Limited output buffer,Uniform distribution
An integrated scheduling method for AGV routing in automated container terminals	2018	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdThe simultaneous scheduling of quay cranes (QCs), automated guided vehicles (AGVs), and yard cranes (YCs) in automated container terminals (ACTs) has been a critical problem. This paper proposes an integrated scheduling for handling equipment coordination and AGV routing. With the goal of minimising makespan, we set up a bi-level programming model. To solve the model, we investigate and compare the rolling horizon procedure (RHP) and Congestion Prevention Rule-based Bi-level Genetic Algorithm (CPR-BGA). It is shown that the CPR-BGA algorithm is highly effective for the integrated scheduling in ACTs. We conclude that the CPR-BGA is effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AGVs path planning,Automated container terminal,Container handling,Integrated scheduling
Overhead shuttle design for a flat panel display production line considering the contactless power supply capacity	2018	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdThe overhead shuttle (OHS) is a widely used automated material handling system (AMHS) for flat panel display (FPD) manufacturing lines. Recently, an OHS using wireless power transfer (WPT) technology, which transfers power remotely from the contactless power supply (CPS) installed in the track, has been widely applied. The OHS with WPT technology is revolutionary because it removes the need for a battery, as the power is continuously transferred while the OHS is in motion. Unlike a conventional battery-powered OHS, the WPT-based OHS does not need to travel to charging stations to recharge the battery, and therefore, delivery efficiency is increased. One of the key design problems in developing a WPT-based OHS system is determining the power distribution in the track. Typically, the track is divided into multiple zones, and the power supply for each zone is determined independently. This decision is critical because it determines the maximum number of OHSs that can be in a zone at the same time. In this paper, we introduce an optimization algorithm to logically determine the power supply in each zone. The critical problem is that the power supply affects the OHS delivery capacity and the total installation cost. We propose an efficient solution algorithm using the monotonicity and primal-dual properties of the optimization model. Two heuristics algorithms are proposed—gradient-search and genetic-algorithm-based approaches. The numerical case from an actual system is investigated to cross-validate the proposed algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated material handling system,Contactless power supply,Optimization,Overhead shuttle,Wireless power transfer
A collaborative task-oriented scheduling driven routing approach for industrial IoT based on mobile devices	2018	Ad Hoc Networks	2018Wireless sensor networks have been widely used in industrial IoT contexts due to their useful support during the production monitoring and risk pre-warning. However, complicated and extremely variable industrial environments call for higher communication stability and reliability to guarantee timely transmission of monitored data. Considering mobile intelligences such as Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), within industrial scenarios, we propose a solution based on hybrid (fixed and mobile) industrial wireless sensor networks featured with a task-oriented model. The proposal includes a heuristic modeling method adopted to assign tasks from definite orders which will be sent to the controller, and a collaborative routing algorithm exploiting the AGVs mobility on specific trajectories. Experiments have shown that, using mobility features of the AGVs, the integrated solution can promptly repair the network when a node and the relative link fail or the detected quality is low, significantly reducing the energy consumption of wireless nodes and data communication delay, thus improving the overall throughput and reliability of industrial IoT systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated guided vehicles,Industrial IoT,Industrial wireless sensor network,Mobile intelligences
An Alternative IPT Pickup Controller for Material Handling Using a Current Doubler	2018	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics	1986-2012 IEEE.Inductive power transfer systems deployed in material handling have traditionally used parallel-tuned (current-sourced) boost regulators to independently control and regulate the load on each secondary. This paper evaluates the current doubler as an alternative parallel-tuned secondary controller within this application to better match the current and voltage requirements in the secondary resonant tuning network in high-power applications. This enables designs that enable the secondary magnetic pickup to achieve a smaller profile and fit within typical space constraints of material-handling vehicles. This paper presents the design approach needed for this regulator and compares its operation and performance against a traditional boost controller using both the simulation and the measurement of two built 5-kW secondary regulators. The current doubler naturally achieves a lower output ripple due to its interleaved switching and is found to have a comparable efficiency to the boost controller but requires slightly more components.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Current doubler,inductive power transfer (IPT),material handling,pickup controller,resonant power conversion
Toward delay-tolerant multiple-unmanned aerial vehicle scheduling system using Multi-strategy Coevolution algorithm	2018	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2018.Autonomous bridge inspection operations using unmanned aerial vehicles take multiple task assignments and constraints into account. To efficiently execute the operations, a schedule is required. Generating a cost optimum schedule of multiple-unmanned aerial vehicle operations is known to be Non-deterministic Polynomial-time (NP)-hard. This study approaches such a problem with heuristic-based algorithms to get a high-quality feasible solution in a short computation time. A constructive heuristic called Retractable Chain Task Assignment algorithm is presented to build an evaluable schedule from a task sequence. The task sequence representation is used during the search to perform seamless operations. Retractable Chain Task Assignment algorithm calculates and incorporates slack time to the schedule according to the properties of the task. The slack time acts as a cushion which makes the schedule delay-tolerant. This algorithm is incorporated with a metaheuristic algorithm called Multi-strategy Coevolution to search the solution space. The proposed algorithm is verified through numerical simulations, which take inputs from real flight test data. The obtained solutions are evaluated based on the makespan, battery consumption, computation time, and the robustness level of the schedules. The performance of Multi-strategy Coevolution is compared to Differential Evolution, Particle Swarm Optimization, and Differential Evolution–Fused Particle Swarm Optimization. The simulation results show that Multi-strategy Coevolution gives better objective values than the other algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	1	Mechanical Engineering	delay-tolerant,metaheuristic,optimization,scheduling,Unmanned aerial vehicle
Observer-based backstepping control method using reduced lateral dynamics for autonomous lane-keeping system	2018	ISA Transactions	2018 ISAThis paper presents a backstepping control method with an augmented observer for an autonomous lane-keeping system. A novel reduced second-order model is also derived for an autonomous lane-keeping system. The proposed reduced model of lateral vehicle motion has the following advantages: (1) The lateral motion of the vehicle can be controlled with only simple linear second-order dynamics via the backstepping procedure; (2) The state variable of the reduced model includes the look-ahead distance similar to that for a human driver; (3) The system functions with unknown parameters and external disturbances can be lumped in the disturbance. An augmented observer is designed to estimate the full state and lumped disturbance, including the system functions with unknown parameters and external disturbances. A backstepping control is developed for improving the lateral control and compensation of the disturbance. The stability of the closed-loop system is demonstrated using the input-to-state stable property. The lateral control performance of the proposed method is validated via numerical simulations using CarSim and MATLAB/Simulink.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Augmented observer,Backstepping,Lateral control,Stability,Vehicle model
Cranes scheduling in frame bridges based automated container terminals	2018	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2018 Elsevier LtdThis paper investigates crane scheduling problems for a new type of automated container terminal system, which is based on multi-storey frame bridges. For the new design concept, this paper studies how to schedule two types of cranes, i.e., quay cranes and bridge cranes that transfer containers between different storeys. The schedules of these two types of cranes impact the operation efficiency of the terminal system. Mathematical models are proposed for the two scheduling problems. Meta-heuristics are developed to solve them. Numerical experiments are conducted to validate the effectiveness of the proposed models and the efficiency of the proposed solution method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminals,Port operation,Quay cranes,Scheduling
Discrete-event simulation software selection for manufacturing based on the maturity model	2018	Computers in Industry	2018 Elsevier B.V.The main objective of this research is to develop a new method to help an industry select the right DESS (discrete-event simulation software), which helps improve the productivity of a given process. This paper addresses this issue by developing a methodology that undertakes two aspects of the problem. First, it proposes a methodology that allows for companies to self-assess their current internal processes based on a maturity model to identify where they stand in the maturity continuum for simulation. Second, it applies the analytical hierarchical process (AHP) to support simulation software selection by detailing and weighting the components that are important for the specific company to meet its business objectives. To the best of our knowledge, there are no other studies that combine these two methodological tools to help decision making for DESS selection.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	5	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AHP,Decision making process,Manufacturing,Simulation
Integrated Scheduling of Rail-Mounted Gantry Cranes, Internal Trucks and Reach Stackers in Railway Operation Area of Container Terminal	2018	Transportation Research Record	National Academy of Sciences: Transportation Research Board 2018.In this paper, the integrated scheduling of handling equipment at the railway handling area in container terminals is studied, where rail-mounted gantry cranes, internal trucks, and reach stackers are deployed. In the course of the handling operation, loading and unloading containers are handled simultaneously. The handling process is first studied and some scheduling schemes are put forward. Based on the analysis, the problem is formulated as a mixed-integer programming model, with the objectives of minimizing the makespan and the total waiting time of all equipment. Then, to solve the problem, a genetic algorithm is employed, where the first available machine rule is applied in the selection of trucks and reach stackers. Sets of numerical experiments are conducted to verify the effect of the proposed algorithm. Based on the results of experiments, some key indicators are calculated and the effects of different equipment configuration schemes are studied.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	China	2	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
An ACO-based hyperheuristic with dynamic decision blocks for intercell scheduling	2018	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2016, Springer Science+Business Media New York.In real production of equipment manufacturing industry, coordination between cells is needed. Intercell scheduling therefore comes into being. In this paper, a limited intercell transportation capacity constraint is taken into consideration, a hyperheuristic is proposed, which employs ant colony optimization to select appropriate heuristic rules for production scheduling and transportation scheduling. Moreover, dynamic decision blocks are introduced to the hyperheuristic to make a better balance between optimization performance and computation efficiency. Computational results show that, as compared with other approaches, the proposed approach performs much better with respect to minimizing total weighted tardiness while retaining low computational costs, and it is especially suitable for the problems with large sizes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Decision block,Hyperheuristic,Intercell scheduling,Transportation capacity
A fast algorithm on minimum - Time scheduling of an autonomous ground vehicle using a traveling salesman framework	2018	Journal of Dynamic Systems, Measurement and Control, Transactions of the ASME	Copyright  2018 by ASME.Manufacturing automation, especially through implementation of autonomous ground vehicle (AGV) technology, has been under intensive study due to increased productivity and reduced variations. The objective of this paper is to present an algorithm on scheduling of an AGV that traverses desired locations on a manufacturing floor. Although many algorithms have been developed to achieve this objective, most of them rely on exhaustive search, which is time-consuming. A novel two-step algorithm that generates "good, " but not necessarily optimal, solutions for relatively large data sets (≈1000 points) is proposed, taking into account time constraints. A tradeoff analysis of computational expense versus algorithm performance is discussed. The algorithm enables the AGV to find a tour, which is as good as possible within the time constraint, using which it can travel through all given coordinates before returning to the starting location or a specified end point. Compared to exhaustive search methods, this algorithm generates results within a stipulated computation time of 30 s on a laptop personal computer.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Instrumentation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Risk assessment of maritime supply chain security in ports and waterways	2018	International Journal of Supply Chain Management	ExcelingTech Pub, UK.Seaports and waterways are crucial for international trade, and damage to them may cost millions to the global economy. In the past, Malaysia has been threatened and attacked by terrorists, and pirates have hijacked ships near the coasts of the Strait of Malacca and the South China Sea. Such acts can negatively affect the country's maritime supply chain. This paper analyses the risk to Malaysia's maritime supply chain security in ports and waterways by applying a risk assessment matrix. The findings show that Malaysian ports are vulnerable to attacks and crime due to various factors. Also, Malaysia's waterways may always be at risk given the country's geographical location and status as one of the most important trade routes in the world. Mitigating the risk to ports and waterways can be accomplished by investing in more advanced security equipment, eliminating corruption, and increasing the military presence in the Strait of Malacca. This study may be able to help to increase ports' policy-makers' preparation and decision-making.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	1	Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	Maritime Logistics,Maritime supply chain,Risk management,Seaport,Security,Waterways
Improved approach for time-based taxi trajectory planning towards conflict-free, efficient and fluent airport ground movement	2018	IET Intelligent Transport Systems	The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2018.The ever-growing air traffic demand arouses an urgent need for improved airport ground movement efficiency. New operational concepts are emerging which use time-based taxi trajectories to reduce uncertainty and make more efficient use of the airport resource. In this study, an improved approach is proposed for time-based taxi trajectory planning, which is formulated as the shortest path problem with time windows and the maximum traversal time constraint. With the introduction of the taxi time in the cost and the maximum traversal time constraint to limit the waiting time, more efficient and fluent ground movement of aircraft can be realised. An A*-based solution algorithm is developed for the investigated problem, which utilises the arrival time interval and dominance-based comparison to search for the best solution. Experimental results on real-world problem instances demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach as well as its advantages over the existing approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Transportation,Environmental Science (all),Mechanical Engineering,Law	None
Switching Motion Control of Aircraft Skin Inspection Robot Using Backstepping Scheme and Nussbaum Disturbance Observer	2018	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2018, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.In this paper, a backstepping control using switching strategy is proposed for the motion control of the aircraft skin inspection robot with double frame in the presence of external disturbances. The inspection robot equipped with a CCD camera and an ultrasonic sensor can alternately adsorb and move on the aircraft surface. The influence of the external disturbances is obvious in the switching motion. The disturbances are efficiently estimated using a Nussbaum disturbance observer (NDO), and the disturbance observer errors are uniformly ultimately bounded. Then, the backstepping control method is used to design the motion controller. The stability of the closed-loop robot system is proved by Lyapunov analysis through the average dwell time method.The tracking errors and the disturbance observer errors are semi-globally uniformly bounded using the proposed control scheme with NDO,and NDO is compared with Super-twisting disturbance observer. Finally, simulation results illustrate that the proposed control scheme with NDO can achieve satisfactory tracking performance under the external disturbance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Aircraft skin inspection robot,backstepping control,disturbance observer,motion control
A distributed approach to robust control of multi-robot systems	2018	Automatica	2018 Elsevier LtdMotion planning of multi-robot systems has been extensively investigated. Many proposed approaches assume that all robots are reliable. However, robots with priori known levels of reliability may be used in applications to account for: (1) the cost in terms of unit price per robot type, and (2) the cost in terms of robot wear in long term deployment. In the former case, higher reliability comes at a higher price, while in the latter replacement may cost more than periodic repairs, e.g., buses, trams, and subways. In this study, we investigate robust control of multi-robot systems, such that the number of robots affected by the failed ones is minimized. It should mandate that the failure of a robot can only affect the motion of robots that collide directly with the failed one. We assume that the robots in a system are divided into reliable and unreliable ones, and each robot has a predetermined and closed path to execute persistent tasks. By modeling each robot's motion as a labeled transition system, we propose two distributed robust control algorithms: one for reliable robots and the other for unreliable ones. The algorithms guarantee that wherever an unreliable robot fails, only the robots whose state spaces contain the failed state are blocked. Theoretical analysis shows that the proposed algorithms are practically operative. Simulations with seven robots are carried out and the results show the effectiveness of our algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous robots,Discrete-event systems,Distributed control,Motion control,Robust control
Research on Bus Interior Sound Quality Based on Masking Effects	2018	Fluctuation and Noise Letters	2018 World Scientific Publishing Company.Masking effect is a very common psychoacoustic phenomenon, which occurs when there is a suitable sound that masks the original sound. In this paper, we will discuss bus interior sound quality based on the masking effects and the appropriate masking sound selection to mask the original sounds inside a bus. We developed three subjective evaluation indexes which are noisiness, acceptability and anxiety. These were selected to reflect passengers' feelings more accurately when they are subject to the masking sound. To analyze the bus interior sound quality with various masking sounds, the subjective-objective synthesis evaluation model was constructed using fuzzy mathematics. According to the study, the appropriate masking sound can mask the bus interior noise and optimize the bus interior sound quality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mathematics (all),Physics and Astronomy (all)	fuzzy mathematics,Masking effects,sound quality,vehicle
Indoor mobile robot self-localization based on a low-cost light system with a novel emitter arrangement	2018	ROBOMECH Journal	2018, The Author(s). This paper proposes a low-cost infrared (IR) LED system with a novel arrangement that enables the self-localization of an indoor mobile robot. The proposed system uses only low-cost IR LED emitters installed on the ceiling of a building and low-cost IR receivers, each equipped with a photodiode, located on top of the mobile robot for detection. The IR LEDs, which are driven by an on-off keying modulator with various frequencies, are used as active landmarks. The mobile robot localizes itself based on the IR LED signals it receives. Although it would be desirable to assign a unique ID to each emitter, this would be difficult to realize because of the limited number of available frequencies and the production cost resulting from the use of independent microcontrollers. Therefore, we designed a novel landmark configuration consisting of an IR LED array with unique ID-encoding capabilities based on a combination of different frequencies and the repeated use of each ID encoding LED to address the problem of limited frequencies. The novel landmark arrangement reduces the costs associated with production, ID encoding, and computation. A Monte-Carlo localization method with a belief function is utilized to estimate the position and orientation of the mobile robot based on the decoded ID information and received signal strength. The proposed system was tested in a real environment and the experimental results confirmed the validity and accuracy of the system and method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Modeling and Simulation,Instrumentation,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	ID combination,Indoor mobile robot,Infrared sensor,Monte-Carlo localization,Non-unique ID
Scheduling crossover cranes at container terminals during seaside peak times	2018	Journal of Heuristics	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This paper deals with crane scheduling in a block of a container terminal equipped with two crossover cranes. We concentrate on the situation when all requests in this block refer to the seaside. This seaside peak time occurs when a container ship is berthed and has to be served as quickly as possible because berthing time is a major cost driver for both, the shipping company and the port operator. In this case, the two cranes highly interfere. We formulate this problem as a MIP, prove its NP-hardness and introduce a lower bound. Further, we provide several heuristic solution procedures based on priority rules. A comparison of all procedures concludes this paper and gives insights on how to solve this problem in practice.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Software,Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Artificial Intelligence	Container terminal,Crane scheduling,Priority rules
Master-followed Multiple Robots Cooperation SLAM Adapted to Search and Rescue Environment	2018	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2018, Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems and The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.The master-followed multiple robots interactive cooperation simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) schemes were designed in this paper, which adapts to search and rescue (SAR) cluttered environments. In our multi-robots SLAM, the proposed algorithm estimates each of multiple robots’ current local sub-map, in this occasion, a particle represents each of moving multi-robots, and simultaneously, also represents the pose of a motion robot. The trajectory of the robot’s movement generated a local sub-map; the sub-maps can be looked on as the particles. Each robot efficiently forms a local sub-map; the global map integrates over these local sub-maps; identifying SAR objects of interest, in which, each of multi-robots acts as local-level features collector. Once the object of interest (OOI) is detected, the location in the global map could be determined by the SLAM. The designed multi-robot SLAM architecture consists of PC remote control center, a master robot, and multi-followed robots. Through mobileRobot platform, the master robot controls multi-robots team, the multiple robots exchange information with each other, and then performs SLAM tasks; the PC remote control center can monitor multi-robot SLAM process and provide directly control for multi-robots, which guarantee robots conducting safety in harsh SAR environments. This SLAM method has significantly improved the objects identification, area coverage rate and loop-closure, and the corresponding simulations and experiments validate the significant effects.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Canny operator detection,coverage area,integrated DP filter algorithms,loop-closure,master-followed multiple robots SLAM
Flow shop scheduling with jobs arriving at different times	2018	International Journal of Production Economics	2018 Elsevier B.V.Flow shop scheduling is common in modern lean production systems. In practice, jobs in flow shops can arrive at irregular times. However, scheduling that considers such irregularity has not been adequately investigated in the literature. In this paper, we examine the scheduling of n-jobs in an m-machine permutation flow shop with an unlimited intermediate storage. The jobs in this shop are assumed to have deterministic and known occurrence times. The objective of this scheduling is to reduce the total completion time (Fm|prmu|∑Cj). To improve the quality of solution, we successively put each job in the current best position and reinsert certain jobs based on weight calculations. We then develop and compare the solutions obtained by our simple and constructive heuristic method against the optimal schedules or other simple heuristic solutions with and without jobs arriving at different times. The computational experiments highlight the efficiency, easy implementation, and excellent performance of our proposed heuristic method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Different times,Flow shop,Heuristic methods,Lean production,Scheduling
Adaptive Genetic Algorithm for Optical Metasurfaces Design	2018	Scientific Reports	2018, The Author(s).As optical metasurfaces become progressively ubiquitous, the expectations from them are becoming increasingly complex. The limited number of structural parameters in the conventional metasurface building blocks, and existing phase engineering rules do not completely support the growth rate of metasurface applications. In this paper, we present digitized-binary elements, as alternative high-dimensional building blocks, to accommodate the needs of complex-tailorable-multifunctional applications. To design these complicated platforms, we demonstrate adaptive genetic algorithm (AGA), as a powerful evolutionary optimizer, capable of handling such demanding design expectations. We solve four complex problems of high current interest to the optics community, namely, a binary-pattern plasmonic reflectarray with high tolerance to fabrication imperfections and high reflection efficiency for beam-steering purposes, a dual-beam aperiodic leaky-wave antenna, which diffracts TE and TM excitation waveguides modes to arbitrarily chosen directions, a compact birefringent all-dielectric metasurface with finer pixel resolution compared to canonical nano-antennas, and a visible-transparent infrared emitting/absorbing metasurface that shows high promise for solar-cell cooling applications, to showcase the advantages of the combination of binary-pattern metasurfaces and the AGA technique. Each of these novel applications encounters computational and fabrication challenges under conventional design methods, and is chosen carefully to highlight one of the unique advantages of the AGA technique. Finally, we show that large surplus datasets produced as by-products of the evolutionary optimizers can be employed as ingredients of the new-age computational algorithms, such as, machine learning and deep leaning. In doing so, we open a new gateway of predicting the solution to a problem in the fastest possible way based on statistical analysis of the datasets rather than researching the whole solution space.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	33	Multidisciplinary	None
QR Code based Path Planning for Warehouse Management Robot	2018	2018 International Conference on Advances in Computing, Communications and Informatics, ICACCI 2018	2018 IEEE.Path planning is an essential part of a mobile robot controller. Autonomous path planning in a large space like warehouse is a challenging task. This work focuses on developing an efficient path planning algorithm for warehouse management robot using QR Code. Nowadays mobile robots play an important role in warehouse automation task such as navigating to a particular location, picking up the desired object and using it back to packing section. The proposed system uses QR Code sticker in the floor placed at strategic locations as via points to reach the desired destination and to pick the desired object. The proposed path planning algorithm is implemented and test in 3D Robotics simulator WEBOTS. The simulated results proves that the QR Code based path planning for the large environments is efficient and less computationally complex.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	Deliver,Fetching,Identification,Manipulator,Mobile Robot,Navigation,QR code
Ontological knowledge integration and sharing for collaborative product development	2018	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The product development process is knowledge intensive, involving the retrieval and reuse of sometimes heterogeneous knowledge. As the exchange of this knowledge can be challenging in a distributed environment, this paper presents a two-stage approach to integrate and share product knowledge effectively. The first stage is ontology integration. Through ontology mapping and merging, product knowledge from the local ontologies is integrated into a global ontology, and any repetitive knowledge is removed. The second stage is knowledge sharing. In the multiple ontologies, product knowledge is exchanged through multi-agents, and all the knowledge is retrieved. As a result, product knowledge is shared between the global and local ontologies, and among the local ontologies. A case on the Nose Landing Gear (NLG) product development is presented to highlight the potential of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agent based systems,Knowledge management,Ontology,Similarity measurement
A collaborative cpn−fuzzy modelling strategy for conflict solution in flexible manufacturing systems	2018	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The increasing usage of Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) poses new challenges, such as conflict situations in manufacturing processes. Therefore, there is a need to implement modelling and control of FMS in order to prevent or deal with such occurrences. However, modelling and controlling an FMS is itself a complex task due to the many subsystems and elements that comprise an FMS. Moreover, the existing high coupling between these subsystems also makes modelling and control tasks difficult to implement. This paper proposes a modelling strategy of FMS, which the decomposes the system into smaller and cohesive subsystems. In such a strategy, a part of the system should be designed to address interlocking issue, based on Petri Nets (PN) model and, collaboratively, the other part of the system should be designed to address sequencing of operations, based on Fuzzy Logic. It enables to perform more complex calculus to decide issues regarding FMSs, considering, optimisation criteria like makespan and idleness system resources. This strategy was used for modelling a simulated factory with 6 machines, composed by input/output buffers, 3 AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles), a load/unload station and AGVs park.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Collaborative systems,Coloured Petri Nets,FMS conflict solution,Fuzzy System,Makespan minimisation,Manufacturing system modelling
Color Recognition Method based on Circle Extraction and Similarity	2018	2018 International Conference on Information and Communication Technology Robotics, ICT-ROBOT 2018	2018 IEEE.To drive and control autonomous guided vehicle by the autonomous system, the landmark can be attached and reported the driving information. This landmark can notify the information by its color. Vision-AGV captured the landmark by the image and then they analyze the meaning of the landmark. To implement this concept, the system should be designed for detecting and recognizing the landmark. Therefore, this paper proposes the method to detect and recognize the color of the landmark. To detect the landmark, circular Hough transform is applied. This algorithm can detect the shape of the circle. However, it detects the circle which is not the landmark. To sort out the landmark, peak signal-to-noise ratio is calculated. This value represents the similarity between two images. So, we compare the circle and the reference for determining whether it is a landmark or not and recognizing the color of the landmark. The circle is extracted by the circular Hough transform, and the reference represents each color such as green, red, yellow. To compare two things by peak signal-to-noise ratio, we determine the color of landmark. As shown in experimental results, the proposed method can detect and recognize the color of landmark in case of the traffic light.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Communication	autonomous guided vehicle,circular hough transform,color landmark,peak signal-to-noise ratio
Acquisition of Automated Guided Vehicle Route Planning Policy Using Deep Reinforcement Learning	2018	6th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Logistics and Transport, ICALT 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.Automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems have been widely used in warehouses to improve productivity and reduce costs. For almost every warehouse, order picking is the most costly activity. In an order picking activity, the picker's travel time is the dominant component. To eliminate the travel time, we have developed a picking system in which AGVs transport the entire shelves including the required items to the pickers instead of the pickers moving to the shelves, which improves the efficiency of the picking activities. To minimize the shelf waiting time for the pickers, an intelligent AGV control method such as route planning is required. While there are already some existing approaches using reinforcement learning for this, reinforcement learning often requires hand-engineered low-dimensional state representation, which results in the loss of some state information. In this paper, we present an AGV route planning method for an AGV picking system using deep reinforcement learning. This method uses raw high-dimensional map information as input instead of hand-engineered low-dimensional state representation and it enables the acquisition of a successful AGV route planning policy. We evaluated the validity of the proposed method using an AGV picking system simulator and found that the proposed method outperforms other route planning strategies including our previous method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Management Science and Operations Research,Automotive Engineering,Control and Optimization,Transportation	Automated guided vehicle,deep learning,order picking,reinforcement learning,warehouse
Material supply by means of multi-load autonomous robots, Fleet-sizing of a logistic system for the supply of small load carriers	2018	6th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Logistics and Transport, ICALT 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.Latest advancements in new technologies have made it possible to fully automate the in-plant material flow of small load carriers between the warehouse and the production or assembly line. However, none of methods available in literature fully addresses the planning and dimensioning problem of a logistic system based on these new autonomous technologies. This paper is set to present a method to estimate the fleet size of the new logistic system. After an overview on the state of the art, the method based on combinatorics and probability theory will be explained. A short discussion and future directions of research will conclude the paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Automotive Engineering,Control and Optimization,Transportation	autonomus system,fleet-sizing,in-plant logistics,multi load,small load carriers
Importance of Handling Resources' Incorporation into Simulation Expert System Approach	2018	6th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Logistics and Transport, ICALT 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.Resource sizing problem is defined as the specification of the number of each resource type to be used in a production process to obtain the required performances. Several researches have chosen developing an approach coupling simulation and optimization to solve this type of problem. However; these researchers differ by used tools and by resource types studied. One of these approaches is the Simulation Expert System Approach 'SESA' developed by Masmoudi and al [1]. This work aims firstly to highlight the tendency of the simulationoptimization tools used by 'SESA'. Secondly, this paper investigates the importance of handling resources' incorporation in this approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	1	Management Science and Operations Research,Automotive Engineering,Control and Optimization,Transportation	Expert System,Handling Resources,Manufacturing System,Performance,Simulation,Sizing resources
Feature Extraction for Map Building of Automated Guided Robot Based on Laser Navigation without Reflector 无反射板激光导航机器人地图创建的特征提取	2018	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	2018, China Mechanical Engineering Magazine Office. All right reserved.To realize the line feature extraction of map building for laser navigation robot without reflector,a stepwise decomposition method was proposed herein.The line feature extraction method was divided into 3 steps: breakpoint detection,line segmentation,and line extraction.Firstly,an adaptive threshold method was used to detect the breakpoints.And then,a point set was separated,and the line segment was segmented based on the iterative adaptive point algorithm.Finally,a least square method was used to fit the lines,and the region search method was used to optimize the line feature extraction.Experiments show that the repetitive positioning accuracy of the algorithm is within ±6mm and the feature extraction time is not longer than 0.02s,which meets the actual navigation requirements of robots.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mechanical Engineering	Feature extraction,Laser navigation,Map building,Non-reflector,Robot
Simulation options for the airport terminal People Mover AGV system with ExtendSim 8	2018	MATEC Web of Conferences	2018 The Authors, published by EDP Sciences.The use of AGV vehicles is expanding to an ever-wider range of diverse areas. In addition to securing effective logistics processes in the industry, AGV systems have been deployed in quite non-traditional areas, for example in health or transportation of persons. Although AGV systems intended for passenger transport do not belong to AGV systems according to the definition of VGA standards, they can still be regarded as a regular member of this category of vehicles. In order to ensure their reliable operation, the same tools as for conventional AGV systems can be used. Such tools include a computer simulation method. The paper presents the model of People Mover AGV in order to analyse passenger transport between airport terminals.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
AIR-Chem: Authentic Intelligent Robotics for Chemistry	2018	Journal of Physical Chemistry A	Copyright  2018 American Chemical Society.The new era with prosperous artificial intelligence (AI) and robotics technology is reshaping the materials discovery process in a more radical fashion. Here we present authentic intelligent robotics for chemistry (AIR-Chem), integrated with technological innovations in the AI and robotics fields, functionalized with modules including gradient descent-based optimization frameworks, multiple external field modulations, a real-time computer vision (CV) system, and automated guided vehicle (AGV) parts. AIR-Chem is portable and remotely controllable by cloud computing. AIR-Chem can learn the parametric procedures for given targets and carry on laboratory operations in standalone mode, with high reproducibility, precision, and availability for knowledge regeneration. Moreover, an improved nucleation theory of size focusing on inorganic perovskite quantum dots (IPQDs) is theoretically proposed and experimentally testified to by AIR-Chem. This work aims to boost the process of an unmanned chemistry laboratory from the synthesis of chemical materials to the analysis of physical chemical properties, and it provides a vivid demonstration for future chemistry reshaped by AI and robotics technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Physical and Theoretical Chemistry	None
Smart Car Parking with Monitoring System	2018	2018 IEEE International Conference on System, Computation, Automation and Networking, ICSCA 2018	2018 IEEE.Nowadays, the total amount of traffic is increased rapidly and parking space getting smaller. It's to design a drive less car by using RTOS (Real Time Operating System) and a smartphone. It is motivated to configure the guidance system of a flexible (Automated Guided Vehicle) AGV. The driver finds very difficult to park their vehicle in a narrow garage, so it helps to park the vehicle using smartphone via Bluetooth with the range of 100 m, ranges between the car and the smartphone and GPS (Global Positioning System) is also used to know the location. This GPS system will help the user to easily identify the car location. Car Assist technology is used to monitor the car driving path and the things happening around the car can be viewed in the smartphone via GPS. It supports live time preview to monitor the car parking garage. The users need not to be present inside the car like some previous generation systems. The proposed work is compared with bench work results and yield very less time to monitor and park the vehicles against the existing system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	Automated Guided Vehicle,Bluetooth,Global Positioning System,Real Time Operating System
Vision-based Alignment Control for Mini Forklift System in Confine Area Operation	2018	International Symposium on Agents, Multi-Agent Systems and Robotics 2018, ISAMSR 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper presents the proposed vision-based alignment control system for a Mini Heavy Loaded Forklift Autonomous Guided Vehicle (MHeLFAGV). The MHelFAGV developed for heavy spool pick-And-place operation and this operation divided into two processes; spool inspection and switching control input for MHeLFAGV alignment. In the spool inspection process, a vision camera is used and programmed to do the marking process on the spool centroid using the Haarcascade method. The images are captured in real-Time using vision camera and automatically analyzing for marking the targeted spool in 1000ms. The vision data is continuously sending the coordination between the camera and the targeted spool. In order to bring those data from vision camera for vehicle action, a proposed alignment control system module is developed. This proposed vision-based control is designed to translate the information from the camera to the mecanum wheel driven sequences for autonomous motion appearing a copper spool and to ensure the forlift center of gravity aligned with copper spool. The indoor experiment was done on the MHeLFAGV system on detecting the targeted copper spool in front. The test validated the proposed vision-based control when vehicle able to appearing the target spool as input from the vision camera.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	confined area,omnidirectional vehicle,real-Time Haarcascade,Vision-based control
AGV optimal path planning based on improved ant colony algorithm	2018	MATEC Web of Conferences	The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2018.Using the traditional Ant Colony Algorithm for AGV path planning is easy to fall into the local optimal solution and lacking the capability of obstacle avoidance in the complex storage environment. In this paper, by constructing the MAKLINK undirected network routes and the heuristic function is optimized in the Ant Colony Algorithm, then the AGV path reaches the global optimal path and has the ability to avoid obstacles. According to research, the improved Ant Colony Algorithm proposed in this paper is superior to the traditional Ant Colony Algorithm in terms of convergence speed and the distance of optimal path planning.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Fast, robust and accurate posture detection algorithm based on Kalman filter and SSD for AGV	2018	Neurocomputing	2018 Elsevier B.V.The autonomous navigation technology of mobile robot based on visual sensor has been widely studied by researchers in recent years. Visual sensors, such as Charge-coupled Device (CCD), usually bring severe noise and unpredictable disturbances (including light differences, scene changes, etc.), thus it is necessary to find an adapted detection method to accommodate to the complex missions. Traditional detection model obtains feature characterization manually, which is laborious, time-consuming, mostly depending on researchers experience, and greatly increases the complexity of the recognition procedures. In this paper, we propose a target location strategy Kalman based SSD (K-SSD) utilizing convolution neural network (CNN) to improve the location accuracy and the speed of mobile robot during the automatic navigation. First, one frame of the entire scene is captured by a camera to construct an environment model. Then, a Single Shot MultiBox Detector (SSD) model is trained offline using original images as model input, which can output classes corresponding with their own positions. Finally, we use the Kalman Filter to filter the Gaussian noise to improve the accuracy of location. In the experiments, we use the HUSKY UGV platform to verify the proposed strategy. The results indicate that this algorithm is capable of realizing the fast, robust and accurate posture detection for Gaussian noise and abnormal noise.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous navigation,CNN,Deep learning,Kalman filter
Differentiated service policy in smart warehouse automation	2018	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Smart warehouse automation has emerged as an effective, competitive solution for suppliers and distributors. With the increasing demand for physical storage and distribution services, suppliers and service providers are challenged to respond not only effectively, but with minimal latency. Differentiated service levels for different classes of customer orders have not yet, however, been developed for physical storage and retrieval. In this paper, in the context of smart warehouse automation services, a novel policy, called Differentiated Probabilistic Queuing (DPQ) is developed for servicing customers’ orders by Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). Applying the DPQ policy, the average overall latency of each customer order, the mean overall processing time of this customer’s orders in the smart warehouse automation system, is characterised under Poisson customer order arrival patterns. The weighted average latency of all customer orders is optimised over the choice of (1) storage assignment and (2) DPQ policy. Due to the existence of two types of variables, Alternating Minimisation method is applied to solve this joint optimisation problem. Compared with a combination of the classical turn-over rate storage assignment method and FCFS policy, the new approach yields 19.64% lower (better) objective function value with statistical significance. Numerical analysis results also indicate, as expected, that when the smart warehouse system resources become more limited, and the price difference among different classes of customer orders increases, the improvement becomes even more significant.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	joint optimisation,order picking planning,storage assignment,supply network,weighted queuing
Enabling Communication Technologies for Automated Unmanned Vehicles in Industry 4.0	2018	9th International Conference on Information and Communication Technology Convergence: ICT Convergence Powered by Smart Intelligence, ICTC 2018	2018 IEEE.Within the context of Industry 4.0, mobile robot systems such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are one of the major areas challenging current communication and localization technologies. Due to stringent requirements on latency and reliability, several of the existing solutions are not capable of meeting the performance required by industrial automation applications. Additionally, the disparity in types and applications of unmanned vehicle (UV) calls for more flexible communication technologies in order to address their specific requirements. In this paper, we propose several use cases for UVs within the context of Industry 4.0 and consider their respective requirements. We also identify wireless technologies that support the deployment of UVs as envisioned in Industry 4.0 scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	5G,AGV,factory automation,Industry 4.0,UAV,Wireless communication
Navigation Line Detection for Greenhouse Carrier Vehicle Based on Fixed Direction Camera 基于定向摄像头的大拱棚运输车视觉导航研究	2018	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2018, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.To solve the key prerequisite of greenhouse carrier vehicle navigation, a new navigation method was proposed based on fixed direction camera. A pan-tilt camera was constructed to collimate the vision line to corridor's center line with geomagnetic sensor and digital servo. The angle error was detected by geomagnetic sensor and the error was compensated by servo. The drawback of Hough transform was avoided by using new method of picture processing. The vision system ran in Raspberry Pi based on OpenCV in Linux. It distinguished corridor and crop by value of hue instead of Excess-Green method and the end point of corridor was got by area of screening. By using the Ackerman principle, the vehicle's position and attitude angle can be received. The dynamic response was got by modeling the equation of vehicle and simulating the movement of vehicle at different vehicle speeds. The experiment was done in real greenhouse which was divided into two parts, including the static experiment and dynamic experiment. The error of navigation information was obtained by processing the picture in fixed platform and a control experiment with Hough transform. The vehicle can drive automatically at different speeds in greenhouse. The results showed that the average time cost of this method was less than 240 ms/f, the average detection error of the navigation line was 2.4 cm, and the long-focus camera can reduce the error by 25.7%, which indicated that the method was available to get navigation line with appropriate accuracy and instantaneity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Corridor detection,Hue,Kinematic simulation,Pan-tilt camera,Vision navigation
Design of Trajectory Tracking Controller for Four Wheel Mobile Robot Based on Lyapunov Direct Method	2018	2018 International Symposium in Sensing and Instrumentation in IoT Era, ISSI 2018	2018 IEEE.with the acceleration of economic globalization and the development of world trade, the increase in the size of ships and the increase in labor costs have made the automation and unmanned operation of carrier vehicles an inevitable trend in the industry, have also aroused widespread concern in the academic community. This paper studies the trajectory tracking control problem of AGV, constructs the front-wheel steering and rear-wheel-drive AGV kinematics model, and uses Lyapunov's second rule to ensure the stability of the system. Nonholonomic Constrained Trajectory Tracking Controller of an Automated Guided Vehicle. Using solid prototype parameters as a reference, simulation experiments are performed on the reference trajectories composed of straight lines and arcs. The experiment results show that the controller built in this paper has good convergence characteristics such as fast convergence speed and small tracking error, and it has good engineering application prospects.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Instrumentation,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	Automated Guided Vehicle,Lyapunov second method,Port,Trajectory tracking
Design and Simulation of Trajectory Tracking Controller Based on Fuzzy Sliding Mode Control for AGV	2018	2018 International Symposium in Sensing and Instrumentation in IoT Era, ISSI 2018	2018 IEEE.Automated guided vehicle (AGV) plays a very important role in the port environment. It significantly improves the working efficiency of the terminal and is a hot topic for many experts. This paper designs a fuzzy sliding mode controller and calculates the maximum turning speed based on the turning conditions that may occur in practice. This ensures that AGV will accurately and safely track the given trajectories. Lyapunov formula verifies the stability of this controller. In the simulation experiment, AGV tracks along a pre-designed circular trajectory The experimental results verify the feasibility of the fuzzy sliding mode controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Instrumentation,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	AGV,fuzzy sliding mode control,trajectory tracking
Rollover Prevention and Path Following of Autonomous Vehicle Using Nonlinear Model Predictive Control	2018	2018 Open Innovations Conference, OI 2018	2018 IEEE.Autonomous Ground Vehicles (AGVs) may be at risk of dangerous rollover if they operate without taking roll motion into consideration. In this paper we present a Nonlinear Model Predictive Control (NMPC) approach for combined braking and steering systems in AGV s. We formulate a predictive control problem in order to best follow a given path at maximum optimal speed by controlling the front steering angle and the brakes at the wheels, while fulfilling roll angle, yaw-rate and physical constraints to maintain vehicle stability. Open Source Software (OSS) known as Automatic Control and Dynamic Optimization (ACADO) is used to design and simulate the NMPC controller based on an eight Degrees of Freedom (8 DOF) nonlinear vehicle model. The simulation results show that the controller is able to track a given trajectory while preventing the vehicle from rolling over and spinning out by respecting given constraints. A maximum velocity of 6 m/s is observed when roll angle constraint is not active, and a minimum velocity of 4.32 m/s is observed when roll angle constraint is active.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Autonomous vehicle,Nonlinear model predictive control,Open source software,Rollover
Multi-Robot Mapping for Optically Guided Vehicles	2018	IPIN 2018 - 9th International Conference on Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation	2018 IEEE.This paper addresses the problem of mapping and localization for optically guided Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) that are widely needed in the warehousing industry. It describes an approach to build a floor plan of the optical path traversed by the AGV, while keeping the process cost-effective by using the AGVs internal sensors and the optical sensor used to keep track of the path. The idea is to create a distributed system where each AGV knows its location in the warehouse and is capable of calculating an optimal path when given a destination without having to map the environment prior. This is done through fusion of maps from multiple AGV. Each AGV creates its own map and communicates it to the mapping module which collects maps from all the AGV in the system and creates a fused map. Such a map needs to be robust against errors and noise from multiple AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	distributed,localization,mapping,mobile robotics,multi-robot systems
Response Adaptive Modelling for Reducing the Storage and Computation of RSS-Based VLP	2018	IPIN 2018 - 9th International Conference on Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation	2018 IEEE.The precise (location) tracking of automated guided vehicles will be key in enlarging the productivity, efficiency and safety in the connected warehouse or production infrastructure. Combining the modest price tag, the adequate coverage and the potential centimetre accuracy makes Visible Light Positioning (VLP) systems appealing as replacements for the current, high-cost, tracking systems. Model-fingerprinting-based received signal strength (RSS) VLP enables the required accuracy. It requires an elaborate optical channel model fingerprinted in a fine-grained, and predefined positioning grid. Depending on the grid's granularity, constructing the fingerprint database demands a significant computation and storage effort. This paper employs response adaptive or sequential experimental design to form sparse channel models, vastly reducing the storage and computation. It is shown that model-fingerprinting-based RSS only requires modelling less than 1 percent of the grid points, in an elementary positioning cell. The sparse model can be re-evaluated as a way to cope with environment changeover. Model recomputation as a way of compensating for LED ageing is also studied.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	fingerprint,Response Adaptive,RSS,Sequential Experimental Design,storage,Visible Light Positioning,VLP
Distributed Coordination, Transportation Localisation in Industry 4.0	2018	IPIN 2018 - 9th International Conference on Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation	2018 IEEE.Factories of the future must be agile to adapt to rapidly changing customer needs, market volatility and shortened product life cycles. This requires flexibility in hardware and software at distinct levels of the factory and manufacturing process: multipurpose machines with fast change-overs, easy to use reconfigurable software and distributed decision-making are key. This paper leverages the new Industry 4.0 design principles to cope with these new manufacturing requirements: (i) distributed auction-based coordination allows local decision-making and task allocation, (ii) distributed model predictive control-based transportation enables free space collision avoidance of automated guided vehicles (AGVs), and (iii) distributed vision-based localisation provides scalable and dynamic position information of key resources on the factory floor. Furthermore, these contributions are brought together in a lab-scale reconfigurable manufacturing system to showcase modularity and distributed decision-making at several levels of a manufacturing process' logistics.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
Real-time path tracking method using differential flatness for car-like mobile robot	2018	International Journal of Robotics and Automation	2018 Acta Press. All Rights Reserved.Car-like mobile robot is a typical nonholonomic system, and its path tracking problem is highly nonlinear. The path tracking problem of mobile robot with incomplete information in the dynamic environment is a difficult issue. In this paper, by explicitly considering a kinematic model of the car-like robot, the feasible flat outputs are derived. Then, the controller solving procedure is transformed from the high-order nonlinear space into a low-order flat space. At the same time, path tracking of robot in dynamic environment should take not only tracking problem but also obstacle avoidance problem into consideration. To solve these problems, moving optimization principle of model predictive control (MPC) is used in this paper. Based on the flatness properties and MPC principle, we propose a differential flatness method under the MPC framework to track the path in this paper, by which the reference path can be followed in real time, and the mobile robot can also avoid the unknown obstacles that lie on the reference path. Series of simulation experiments are presented to verify the feasibility, and the simulation results illustrate that the robot can avoid the obstacle successfully as well as the tracking effect.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Flatness,Nonholonomic constraint,Path tracking,Real-time obstacle avoidance
Characteristics Analysis and Parameters Design of High Frequency Inverters in Magnetic Coupling Resonance Wireless Power Transfer System 谐振式无线电能传输系统中高频逆变器的特性分析和参数设计	2018	Diangong Jishu Xuebao/Transactions of China Electrotechnical Society	2018, Electrical Technology Press Co. Ltd. All right reserved.Magnetic Coupling Resonance Wireless Power Transfer(MCR-WPT) technique has advantages of wide transfer distance, high efficiency, high power, etc. Therefore it has been extensively study by researchers around the world. However MCR-WPT technique requires high frequency AC source from 20kHz to 20MHz,proposing a challenge to the selection and the design of high frequency inverters. In order to provide guidance and technical support for the development of MCR-WPT technique, this paper first analyzes the difficulty of inverters design according to the characteristic of MCR-WPT system. Then the operating characteristics of high frequency inverters frequently-used in MCR-WPT system is summarized. At the same time, their control technique is discussed. And finally the method of parameters design and components selection for high frequency inverters is proposed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Control technique,High frequency inverters,Magnetic coupling resonance wireless power transfer,Operating characteristics,Parameters design
Robot navigation based on human trajectory prediction and multiple travel modes	2018	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors.For a mobile robot, navigation skills that are safe, efficient, and socially compliant in crowded, dynamic environments are essential. This is a particularly challenging problem as it requires the robot to accurately predict pedestrians' movements, analyse developing traffic situations, and plan its own path or trajectory accordingly. Previous approaches still exhibit low accuracy for pedestrian trajectory prediction, and they are prone to generate infeasible trajectories under complex crowded conditions. In this paper, we develop an improved socially conscious model to learn and predict a pedestrian's future trajectory. To generate more efficient and safer trajectories in a changing crowed space, an online path planning algorithm considering pedestrians' predicted movements and the feasibility of the candidate trajectories is proposed. Then, multiple traffic states are defined to guide the robot finding the optimal navigation strategies under changing traffic situations in a crowded area. We have demonstrated the performance of our approach outperforms state-of-the-art approaches with public datasets, in low-density and simulated medium-density crowded scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Online path planning,Pedestrian trajectory prediction,Robot navigation
The Trigger Factors and Constraints on e-Supply Chain Processes: A Systematic Literature Review	2018	Proceedings of 2018 International Conference on Information Management and Technology, ICIMTech 2018	2018 IEEE.The development of information technology will certainly have a major influence on all aspects of life, not least for companies engaged in the supply chain. The role of information technology and electronic networks in running a supply chain is called the Electronic Supply Chain (e-Supply Chain). The main point of this research is to conduct a literature review to find the trigger factors and constraints in the e-supply chain. This research uses the Systematic Literature Review methodology to collect selected research articles. The steps in defining the selected article use PRISMA. Keywords used for article search are ('Trigger' OR 'Driving') AND 'Factors' AND 'Constraints' AND ('Supply Chain' OR 'SC') AND (' electronics supply chain' OR 'e-supply chain') AND 'Processes'. Source of data used includes: Elsevier, ACM Digital Library, Emerald Insight, IEEE Explore, Inder science publisher, and Springer. Based on the literature review that was carried out, the resulting trigger factors in the e-supply chain, including: Integrated supply chain system, IT Support, Service quality; while the constraints include: A supply chain network cyber attack, Manufacturing, storage or distribution problems, Operational, economic, environmental and social factors, Restrictive government regulations, Costs and logistics performance, cost of raw materials, Post-harvest waste, Global / digital markets, product life cycles, consumer demand, Logistics strategy, Global competitiveness, Internationalization of markets and climate change.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Management Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	constraints,e-supply chain,systematic literature review,trigger factors
A hybrid algorithm for routing optimization of AGVs with multi-task assignment	2018	IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.To solve the multi-task assigement and routing optimizating problem of AGVs, this paper proposed a hybrid algorithm. Based on analysis of a practice case, it divided the working process of AGVs into two stages: loading and unloading. In the first stage, the shorts paths between loading site and unloading site were obtained via Dijkstra method. Then in next stage, a pre-processing method was applied to simplify the path network. Then the unloading travel distance was optimized by Hungarian algorithm. Through the two-section processing method, the optimal of routing design could be obtained. At last, the result of a practice case showed that the method could be used to solve the routing optimization of AGVs with multi-task assignment problems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Environmental Science (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
An Approach Towards Automated Navigation of Vehicles Using Overhead Cameras	2018	2017 IEEE International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Computing Research, ICCIC 2017	2017 IEEE.At present the need for automated systems is increasing because of the greater demand of services and the improved efficiency of automated systems. In this paper, we present an approach to automatically navigate a vehicle from a starting location 'Point A' to a destination location 'Point B', given a video feed from an overhead camera. Our approach towards automating navigation systems is novel and is effective in cases where a large number of vehicles need to be managed in a small area. In this paper, we present the proof of concept of the proposed system. The applications of this work are directed towards warehouse fleet management, distribution and automated control of industrial vehicles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Signal Processing,Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications	A-star,Automated Guided Vehicles,Canny edge detection,graph segmentation,pure-pursuit controller,safety factor,search factor
On Cyclic Job Shop Scheduling Problem	2018	INES 2018 - IEEE 22nd International Conference on Intelligent Engineering Systems, Proceedings	2018 IEEE.Cyclic problems are unique and little researched. They belong to a subclass of scheduling problems, as in fact they relate to the so-called irregular criterion. Cyclic problems are object of interest primarily due to their strong practical importance and difficulty in obtaining adequately efficient algorithms solving particular cases with additional constraints arising from manufacturing practice. In this paper we present a survey of papers considering cyclic scheduling in application to manufacturing systems and we propose a parallel approach to the minimum cycle time determination.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	2	Control and Optimization,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Engineering (miscellaneous)	cyclic,manufacturing,optimization,parallel algorithm,scheduling
Lagrangian relaxation method for optimizing delay of multiple autonomous guided vehicles	2018	Transportation Letters	2017,  2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In this paper, a scheduling and routing based on AGVs processing and waiting times and the existing paths in a jobshop manufacturing system is proposed. A mathematical formulation is developed to schedule and route multiple AGVs handling jobs to shops so that the total delay of AGVs including the earliness and tardiness is minimized. A Lagrangian relaxation method is developed and a sub-gradient algorithm is composed to update the iterations in the searching process of method. The results show that the method is efficient in larger sizes problems while exact method cannot obtain the solutions in reasonable time. Two different problems are solved using two algorithms of Lagrangian relaxation and linear relaxation. Statistical comparisons showed much better performance of Lagrangian relaxation approach in a negligible run time. For larger sizes that exact method cannot be obtained even in long run times, Lagrangian relaxation approach is useful and efficient.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Transportation	Autonomous guided vehicle (AGV),delay optimization,Lagrangian relaxation,path planning
Move-and-Charge System for Automatic Guided Vehicles	2018	IEEE Transactions on Magnetics	1965-2012 IEEE.This paper proposes and implements a new move-and-charge (MAC) system for automatic guided vehicles (AGVs), which not only performs wireless charging, but also automatically navigates the AGV without using guiding sensors. The key is to make use of the dc-dc converter to maintain the equivalent load resistance and then detect the charging current variation to conduct the desired traction under constant ac input current for the rail transmitter. In order to avoid frequent corrections of the forward direction and dc-dc converter regulation, both the straight rail and turning rail conditions are analyzed to determine the threshold value of the charging current. Without any misalignment, its transmission efficiency can reach up to 83% and the traction allowance can achieve up to 30 mm under the transmission distance of 80 mm. Both the finite-element analysis and experimental results are given to verify the validity of the proposed MAC AGV system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	7	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	auto-navigation,Automatic guided vehicles (AGVs),move and charge,wireless power transfer (WPT)
A passive RFID tag-based locating and navigating approach for automated guided vehicle	2018	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdThis research is motivated by the industrial applications of Cyber-physical System (CPS) such as smart warehouse and intelligent manufacturing which require the support of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle). One of the key research is locating and navigating approach that should be with much flexibility for dealing with complex industrial applications. This paper takes a passive radio frequency identification (RFID) tag-based locating and navigating approach for AGV to examine the influences of tags, antennas, and environmental aspects. The approach was validated and a prototype system was built up. Several key observations are significant from the implementation and simulation study. Firstly, it is observed that adding angle reflector could eliminate the back lobe and restrain backward reflection. Secondly, RFID antenna center and the tag center should be designed at the same height could reduce the impact area of reflection. Lessons and insights from this study will be significant for industrial practitioners to implement AGVs in smart warehouse and manufacturing management.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AGV,Cyber-physical systems,Locating,Navigating,RFID
AGV path planning based on improved grey wolf optimization algorithm and its implementation prototype platform 基于改进灰狼优化算法的自动导引小车路径规划及其实现原型平台	2018	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2018, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.Aiming at the inefficiency and premature of intelligent optimization algorithms solving the path planning problem of Automated Guided Vehicle(AGV), an improved Grey Wolf Optimization (GWO) algorithm was proposed for solving AGV path planning problems in complex environment, in which path fine-tuning operator and neighborhood mutation operator were introduced to improve the exploitation capability of GWO. A new initialization algorithm was further introduced to improve the quality of initial population, and an improved path segment and obstacle intersection judgment approach was employed to enhance the improved GWO. A new obstacle avoidance operator was proposed to improve the efficiency of path segments avoiding obstacles, and an AGV path planning prototype platform with multiple intelligent algorithms was developed by MATLAB GUI tools to verify the improved GWO compared with traditional genetic algorithms with single and multi-population strategy under different complex static environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Genetic algorithms,Grey wolf optimization algorithm,Initialization method,Neighborhood mutation operator,Path fine-tuning operator
Fault Analysis and System Modelling in Vehicle Engineering	2018	18th IEEE International Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Informatics, CINTI 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.In this paper a real (Nissan Leaf Z0), fully electric vehicle's sensor and communication network system will be explored, then the AMR wheel speed sensor operation is analyzed, drawing attention to the sensor faults and fault error spreading in the network. Furthermore, the vehicle's dynamic system model will be created and shown, how the sensor faults are built-in into this model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	5	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Computational Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Body Control Module (BCM),Intelligent Power Distribution Module (IPDM),Vehicle Control Module (VCM),Wheel speed sensor
Real Time Autonomous Maritime Navigation using Dynamic Visibility Graphs	2018	AUV 2018 - 2018 IEEE/OES Autonomous Underwater Vehicle Workshop, Proceedings	2018 IEEE.In recent years, there has been a growing interest in autonomous self-guided vessels, for a wide range of application domains such as scientific research, ocean resource exploration, transportation and other. In this paper we explore one of the most critical components of autonomous vessels, intelligent transportation and motion planning, and propose an automatic collision avoidance methodology, applicable to both unmanned surface or underwater vessels operating on the sea surface, using Dynamic Visibility Graphs while respecting the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea (known as COLREGS). The efficiency of the developed method is investigated and discussed through characteristic simulated experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	0	Automotive Engineering,Control and Optimization	COLREGs rules,motion planning,self guided vessels,visibility graph
Autonomous ground vehicle localization filter design using landmarks with non-unique features	2018	Transactions of the Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers	Copyright  The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers.This paper investigates the autonomous ground vehicle (AGV) localization filter design problem under GNSS-denied environments. It is assumed that the given landmarks do not have unique features due to the lack of a prior knowledge on them. For such case, the AGV may have difficulties in distinguishing the position measurement of the detected landmark from those of other landmarks with the same feature, hence the conventional localization filters are not applicable. To resolve this technical issue, the localization filter design problem is formulated as a special form of the data association determining whether the detected feature is actually originated from which landmark. The measurement hypotheses generated by landmarks with the same feature are evaluated by the nearest neighbor data association scheme to reduce the computational burden. The position measurement corresponding to the landmark with the most probable hypothesis is used for localization filter. Through the experiments in real-driving condition, it is shown that the proposed method provides satisfactory localization performance in spite of using non-unique landmarks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	GNSS-denied environment,Measurement hypotheses,Non-unique features,Vision-based localization
Tuning of PID track followers for autonomous driving	2018	2018 International Conference on Innovation and Intelligence for Informatics, Computing, and Technologies, 3ICT 2018	2018 IEEE.In this paper, a Proportional-Integral-Differential (PID) controller that facilitates track maneuvering for self-driving cars is proposed. Three different design approaches are used to find and tune the controller hyper-parameters, one of them is specifically proposed in this paper for this specific application. The proposed controller uses only the Cross-Track-Error (CTE) as an input to the controller, whereas the output is the steering command. Extensive simulation studies in complex tracks with many sharp turns, have been carried out to evaluate the performance of the proposed controller at different speeds. The analysis shows that the proposed technique outperforms the other ones. The usefulness and the shortcomings of the proposed tuning mechanism are also discussed in details.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Kuwait	5	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	Autonomous Driving,PID Control,PID Tuning,Self-Driving Car
INTRALOG - intelligent autonomous truck applications in logistics; single and double articulated autonomous rearward docking on DCs	2018	IET Intelligent Transport Systems	The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2018Vehicle automation opens opportunities toward the improvement of people, planet, profit value in applications on distribution centres (DCs). Despite vision and drive for innovation in logistics, the lack of knowledge prevents the application of autonomous applications. Intelligent Truck Applications in Logistics (INTRALOG) contributes to this deficit and generates valuable insights for a future application in public environments. Current operational automated guided truck applications are bound to fixed infrastructure and do neither operate in the public domain nor offer opportunities to do so. Nowadays, in-vehicle intelligent systems are focused on driver support, opening opportunities such as truck platooning. INTRALOG cross-borders on DCs in relatively low-complex traffic environment, bridging the gap between autonomous driving in the public domain. The multi-agent system developed within INTRALOG aligns logistical movements on DCs, controlling single or double articulated container trailers (longer and heavier vehicle) between the public parking area and cross-docks. This study elaborates on the experiments on automated manoeuvring on a DC with single (SAVs) and double articulated vehicles (DAVs). The experiments comply with business requirements, e.g. manoeuvrability, time to dock and positioning accuracy. The research focuses on the effects of these aspects and control strategies of SAVs and DAVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	2	Transportation,Environmental Science (all),Mechanical Engineering,Law	None
Spline-based motion planning for autonomous guided vehicles in a dynamic environment	2018	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	1993-2012 IEEE.Autonomous vehicles require a collision-free motion trajectory at every time instant. This brief presents an optimization-based method to calculate such trajectories for autonomous vehicles operating in an uncertain environment with moving obstacles. The proposed approach applies to linear system models, as well as to a particular class of nonlinear models, including industrially relevant vehicles, such as autonomous guided vehicles with front wheel, differential wheel, and rear-wheel steering. The method computes smooth motion trajectories, satisfying the vehicle's kinematics, by using a spline parameterization. Furthermore, it exploits spline properties to keep the resulting nonlinear optimization problem small scale and to guarantee constraint satisfaction, without the need for time gridding. The resulting problem is solved sufficiently fast for online motion planning, dealing with uncertainties and changes in the environment. This brief demonstrates the potential of the method with extensive numerical simulations. In addition, it presents an experimental validation in which a KUKA youBot, steered as a holonomic or differential drive vehicle, drives through an environment with moving obstacles. To facilitate the further development and the numerical and experimental validation of the presented method, it is embodied in a user-friendly open-source software toolbox.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicles,motion control,optimal control,splines,trajectory optimization
Practical Routing Algorithm Using a Congestion Monitoring System in Semiconductor Manufacturing	2018	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	1988-2012 IEEE.Automated material handling systems (AMHSs) used in semiconductor fabrication are sophisticated and integrated control systems that transfer materials from one machine to another within a manufacturing facility via hundreds of vehicles. Vehicular congestion in AMHSs causes significant production inefficiency. In this paper, we demonstrate the reasons for and classification of congestion, and suggest congestion metrics for material handling systems. We develop and implement a congestion monitoring system (CMS) based on the proposed metrics at an actual manufacturing site. We provide practical case studies on three applications to address the effectiveness of CMS: 1) congestion monitoring; 2) redistribution of routing; and 3) enhancing a routing algorithm. Simulation results demonstrated that the proposed routing algorithm decreased the average delivery time by 12.41% in heavy congestion. The shorter average delivery time reduces the loss in production by at least 1%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	5	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automation,Material handling,routing,simulation,traffic control
An Adaptive Tabu Search Algorithm for the Open Vehicle Routing Problem with Split Deliveries by Order	2018	Wireless Personal Communications	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.In order to reduce the cost of logistics distribution, a capacitated open vehicle routing problem with split deliveries by order is studied. According to the actual situation of split deliveries by order in the practice of logistics distribution, the condition of non-split in the traditional open vehicle routing problem is relaxed, and a new form of discrete split deliveries by order is designed. Based on the classical model of open vehicle routing problem, a corresponding double objective mathematical model with split deliveries by order is established, and an adaptive tabu search algorithm is designed to solve the problem. In order to improve the optimization performance, an adaptive penalty mechanism is designed, a multiple neighborhood structure is constructed, and the tabu list is reinitialized. The comparison with other methods in the literature shows the effectiveness of the algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive penalty mechanism,Logistics distribution,Open vehicle routing problem,Reinitialization,Split,Split deliveries by order,Tabu search algorithm
Modular approach for control design of an autonomous two-wheeled inverted pendulum	2018	Journal of the Brazilian Society of Mechanical Sciences and Engineering	2018, The Brazilian Society of Mechanical Sciences and Engineering.Modular design of systems is an important tool to subdivide complex problems into smaller parts (sub-systems) that are easier to analyze and design. The scope of this paper is to present a methodology for modularizing the design of a mechatronic system through the adequate decoupling of its main subcomponents. The proposed approach is applied in the design of an automatically guided two-wheeled inverted pendulum that works by following a specified acceleration/velocity profile in a longitudinal trajectory. With this purpose, the approach considers the relations among the different parts of the platform belonging to multiple physical domains such as the mechanical platform and wheels, DC motors, power system drivers, gearboxes and controllers. The control design was derived carefully based on a linearized model using a cascade architecture by appropriately choosing the main variables and the control loop structures. Each compensator transfer function was then designed using Root Locus approach. The complete designed system was simulated such that its response to a previously established sequence of position input commands could be verified. The final simulation behavior of the platform succeeded to reach the proposed maximum speed of 20km/h in less than 30s while following the position trajectory. Results showed that the method is applicable as a tool to facilitate independent design by decoupling the influence of a subpart on another, which also ensures reconfigurability and variety in the design of mechatronic products.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	1	Mechanical Engineering	Automatic control,Control design,Mechatronic systems,Mobile-wheeled inverted pendulum,Modular design
Storage assignment with rack-moving mobile robots in KIVA warehouses	2018	Transportation Science	2018 INFORMSThis paper treats an automated warehousing system, known as the KIVA system, where mobile robots lift complete racks and autonomously move them to stationary pickers. This innovative parts-to-picker system relieves the pickers from unproductive walking times without requiring high investment costs into inflexible hardware such as conveyors, storage and retrieval machines, or lifts. In this context, we treat the decision problem where to park the racks during order processing when they are consistently moved between the picking stations and the storage area. We formalize the resulting rack assignment problem as a special interval scheduling problem and introduce a new matheuristic dubbed adaptive programming. In a comprehensive computational study, we compare the results of our optimization approach with simple rule-based assignment policies. Our results reveal that the well-established rules widely applied in traditional picker-to-parts warehouses, for example, random and dedicated storage, lead to considerable optimality gaps. Adapted rules, however, which consider the peculiarities of KIVA warehouses, lead to very good results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	8	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Interval scheduling,Mobile robots,Storage assignment,Warehousing
Using a multi-objective programming model to validate feasibility of an underground freight transportation system for the Yangshan port in Shanghai	2018	Tunnelling and Underground Space Technology	2018 Elsevier LtdPreventing environmental deterioration and alleviating traffic congestion are becoming urgent problems in urban and transportation planning. Alleviating the pressure from increasing freight transportation traffic via low-emission and innovative transportation methods can reduce problems such as transportation network capacity limits and environmental pollution and contribute to the development of resource-efficient and sustainable cities in the future. Underground freight transportation systems (UFTSs) can improve service quality and transportation efficiency in urban logistics and alleviate traffic congestion and associated problems such as energy consumption and air pollution. Previous studies on urban UFTSs have focused mostly on technical feasibility and policy requirements. Studies providing a quantitative analysis of the effects of introducing a UFTS on an existing transportation network are scarce. In this study, the main goal is to create a quantitative method to analyze the effects of introducing a UFTS on the performance of a transportation network. Thus, a multi-objective programming model of an integrated aboveground-underground transportation network that considers transportation cost, time, and emissions is created. The Yangshan port in Shanghai, China is used as an example to assess whether a UFTS can significantly reduce the cost, time, distance and emissions of the aboveground freight container transportation. The weights on three objective functions are varied to analyze their effects on the solution. These results provide a reference for optimizing freight distribution plans when a UFTS is constructed and for implementing integrated aboveground-underground transportation systems in the future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Building and Construction,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology	Integrated network,Multi-objective programming,Underground freight transportation system
Insight into cooperation processes for traffic scenarios: modelling with naturalistic decision making	2018	Cognition, Technology and Work	2018, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.With the introduction of automatic vehicle guidance (AV), mixed traffic scenarios between automatically and manually guided vehicles are to be expected, at least during a transitions phase. To ensure the safety of motor vehicle transportation, it will be essential to develop a cooperative relationship between human drivers and AV. Research in this area is currently being done to gain insight into the manner of human drivers’ decisions to transfer the same behaviours to automatic vehicle guidance. A lot of research is being done to prepare for the introduction of AV, but there is still a lack of information on how individual road users make decisions in cooperative decisions. Currently, there is no study that has tried to understand the decision-making process with the help of an online-survey. For that reason, a questionnaire study on cooperative traffic situations (N = 281) was carried out, which was analysed with the Natural Decision Making approach. By means of the NDM approach and the use of the recognition module, links between planned action and the expected action between road users were identified. Furthermore, it was possible to categorize individual communication signals into offensive or defensive signals and thus make predictions about the intention of the driver. These findings can be used to derive design recommendations for automatic vehicle guidance in cooperative situations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	4	Philosophy,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications	Communication,Cooperative driving,Naturalistic decision making
A causal encounter model of traffic collision avoidance system operations for safety assessment and advisory optimization in high-density airspace	2018	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2018 Elsevier LtdThe traffic collision avoidance system (TCAS) acts as a proverbially accepted last-resort means to resolve encounters effectively, while it also has been proven to potentially induce a collision in the hectic air traffic. Thus, new research considering the impact on safety is required to increase the airspace capacity based on a comprehensive analysis and accurate flight evaluation. In this paper, a causal encounter model is proposed to extend the TCAS logic considering the horizontal resolution manoeuvres, which could be used as the auxiliary supports when a potential collision is predicted in the vertical dimension. Based on the generated state space, the model developed in the graphical modelling and analysis software (GMAS), not only provides a better comprehension of the potential collision occurrences for risk assessment by representing the cause-effect relationship of each action, but also aids the pilots in the involved aircraft to make a cooperative and optimal option. Quantitative simulation results are conducted to validate the feasibility and effectiveness of the encounter model with horizontal resolution. The resulting collision scenarios are further investigated to illustrate that the risk rate of TCAS logic failures is expected to reduce by shortening the pilot's response delay, and the computational efficiency is competent in dealing with multi-threat scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Encounter model,GMAS,Potential induced collisions,Safety assessment,TCAS
Integrating forecasting in metaheuristic methods to solve dynamic routing problems: Evidence from the logistic processes of tuna vessels	2018	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	2018 Elsevier LtdThe multiple Traveling Salesman Problem (mTSP) is a widespread phenomenon in real-life scenarios, and in fact it has been addressed from multiple perspectives in recent decades. However, mTSP in dynamic circumstances entails a greater complexity that recent approaches are still trying to grasp. Beyond time windows, capacity and other parameters that characterize the dynamics of each scenario, moving targets is one of the underdeveloped issues in the field of mTSP. The approach of this paper harnesses a simple prediction method to prove that integrating forecasting within a metaheuristic evolutionary-based method, such as genetic algorithms, can yield better results in a dynamic scenario than their simple non-predictive version. Real data is used from the retrieval of Fish Aggregating Devices (FADs) by tuna vessels in the Indian Ocean. Based on historical data registered by the GPS system of the buoys attached to the devices, their trajectory is firstly forecast to feed subsequently the functioning of a genetic algorithm that searches for the optimal route of tuna vessels in terms of total distance traveled. Thus, although valid for static cases and for the Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP), the main contribution of this method over existing literature lies in its application as a global search method to solve the multiple TSP with moving targets in many dynamic real-life optimization problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fish aggregating devices,Genetic algorithm,Moving targets,Multiple traveling salesman problem,Vehicle routing problem
Agent-oriented cooperative smart objects: From IoT system design to implementation	2018	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2017 IEEE.The future Internet of Things (IoT) is expected to enable a new and wide range of decentralized systems (from small-scale smart homes to large-scale smart cities) in which 'things' are able to sense/actuate, compute, and communicate, and thus play a central and crucial role. The growing importance of such novel networked cyber-physical context demands suitable and effective computing paradigms to fulfill the various requirements of IoT systems engineering. In this paper, we propose to explore an agent-based computing paradigm to support IoT systems analysis, design, and implementation. The synergic meeting of agents with IoT makes it possible to develop smart and dynamic IoT systems of diverse scales. Our agent-oriented approach is specifically based on the agent-based cooperating smart object (ACOSO) methodology and on the related ACOSO middleware: They provide effective agent design and programming models along with efficient tools for the actual construction of an IoT system in terms of a multiagent system. A case study concerning the development of a complex IoT system, namely a Smart University Campus, is described to show the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	60	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agent-oriented software engineering,cooperative smart objects,Internet of Things (IoT),multiagent systems (MASs)
Navigating the Landscape for Real-Time Localization and Mapping for Robotics and Virtual and Augmented Reality	2018	Proceedings of the IEEE	1963-2012 IEEE.Visual understanding of 3-D environments in real time, at low power, is a huge computational challenge. Often referred to as simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM), it is central to applications spanning domestic and industrial robotics, autonomous vehicles, and virtual and augmented reality. This paper describes the results of a major research effort to assemble the algorithms, architectures, tools, and systems software needed to enable delivery of SLAM, by supporting applications specialists in selecting and configuring the appropriate algorithm and the appropriate hardware, and compilation pathway, to meet their performance, accuracy, and energy consumption goals. The major contributions we present are: 1) tools and methodology for systematic quantitative evaluation of SLAM algorithms; 2) automated, machine-learning-guided exploration of the algorithmic and implementation design space with respect to multiple objectives; 3) end-to-end simulation tools to enable optimization of heterogeneous, accelerated architectures for the specific algorithmic requirements of the various SLAM algorithmic approaches; and 4) tools for delivering, where appropriate, accelerated, adaptive SLAM solutions in a managed, JIT-compiled, adaptive runtime context.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic performance tuning,hardware simulation,scheduling,simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM)
Oil spill candidate detection from SAR imagery using threasholding-guided maximally stable extremal regions algorithm	2018	International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	2018 IEEE.Oil spill will cause severe ecological disasters and enormous marine environment damages. we consider a robust and fast oil spill candidate detection problem for oil spill recognition systems for synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imagery. In this paper, we propose a automatic detection method called thresholding-guided maximally stable extremal regions (TGMSERs) algorithm. First, thresholding approach is utlized to learn model parameters automatically. Candidate regions are extracted by using the maximally stable extremal region (MSER) detector. Then, we label each candidate region to obtain a binary potential target pixel map. Finally, the detection results are acquired by maximal stable criteria from the corresponding region map. Simulation based on satellite-borne data illustrates that the proposed algorithm obtains more precise detection performance without increasing the computational complexity.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	Oil spill detection,SAR image,TGMSERs
Cooperation of two heterogeneous mobile robots	2018	AIP Conference Proceedings	2018 Author(s).The paper presents cooperation of two heterogeneous mobile robots which are two-wheeled robot and an unmanned aerial vehicle. Those platforms are fully autonomous and are equipped with indoor positioning system to acquire position of each. This paper introduces simple algorithms of path planning in static environment which is known for rover robots and path handling for both platforms. Accurate environment map is given a priori. The main aim of this work are the simulation tests of the simple cooperation algorithm. Tests were conducted in Simulink and its results are presented in both mobile platforms trajectories and path errors in x and y directions. The presented results show the effectiveness of proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Ecology, Evolution, Behavior and Systematics,Ecology,Plant Science,Physics and Astronomy (all),Nature and Landscape Conservation	None
Designing Automatic Guided Device of Books	2018	MATEC Web of Conferences	The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2018.There are several methods returning scattered books in library, such as asking visitors to put them back to the bookshelf, recruiting more employees, or creating system that can return the books automatically. But, by using the system, visitors no need to walk to certain bookshelf. The system itself called Automatic Guided Device included of Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV), RFID tag, scissor-lift, and book thruster. Every books have RFID tags which contains the book database. There are name of books and shelf location inside of the database. Visitors just need scan the book(s) and laid on the device, then the system will begin to operate. After that, this Automatic Guided Device sensor equipped will start its journey and go through to the location of bookshelf by following tracked line on the floor. To show them, it uses ASCII Table in the C Source Code Program. This table is to represent information substitutes which contains certain number, then it will be declared as the bookshelf location spot. After reaching certain distance, scissor-lift lifts as high as the table. Then scissor-lift stops, while the book thruster removing the book from device into bookshelf. So, this system not only returning the books without any manual operation but also can do more things such as lifting and putting the books automatically at once. Based on several tests, AGD reaches at certain spot within an average 60% of successfulness by using ASCII Table numbering format.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Robust Transfer Vehicle Swarm for Unreliable Production Facility	2018	2018 IEEE Conference on Control Technology and Applications, CCTA 2018	2018 IEEE.We propose a dynamic rebalancing control algorithm for the swarm of transfer vehicles to improve the throughput of an unreliable production facility. The facility has unpredictable frequent changes in production capacity, where the optimal transfer task schedule of the swarm for a particular set of transfer requests may become obsolete within a short time period. Thus the proposed algorithm does not search for the optimal schedule but adapts the transfer behaviors of the swarm to arbitrary changes in production by rebalancing the stock levels. Through numerical experiments, we find that the throughput achieved by the proposed algorithm is 15% larger than that by the conventional manufacturing industry practice, and the necessary buffer capacity for the proposed algorithm is about 50% smaller than that for the conventional practice.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Aerospace Engineering,Control and Optimization,Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Simulated comparison of push/pull production with committed and non-committed automated guided vehicles	2018	2018 International Conference on Information Technologies, InfoTech 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.The purpose of this paper is to show the value of modelling and simulating a production line. This will allow for better configuration of production lines in the real world and produce improved output. In order to cover a realistic number of configurations, the simulation is applied to push and pull production setups of the same line. Additionally, it covers the scenarios of committed and non-committed automated guided vehicles (AGVs).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	push/pull production,SCM,simulation
Design of loading and unloading control system for reaming and honing of sliding bearings	2018	International Conference on Advanced Mechatronic Systems, ICAMechS	2018 IEEE.Loading and unloading control system for reaming and honing of sliding bearings mainly consists of loading unit, conveying unit and unloading unit, and has the functions of material identification, workpiece alignment, mechanical arm conveying and material unloading. This paper analyzes pneumatic control principle in detail and designs a control system based on Mitsubishi PLC. Thereinto, linear movement of mechanical arm and workpiece revolution alignment are just implemented by servo system. It's indicated that this system is in reliable operation and conforms to production requirement after online debugging and application on the production line.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Loading system,PLC control,Pneumatic control,Reliable operation
Research on scheduling policy of automated warehouse system	2018	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2018 Association for Computing Machinery. ACM.Stacker1 sub-system, automated guided vehicle(AGV) sub-system and transportation sub-system are the basic material handling equipments in automated warehouse system. The efficiency improvement of one sub-system can't change the efficiency of the whole system. The whole efficiency depends on the cooperation of each sub-system. In order to improve the whole system efficiency, an integrated scheduling method was proposed on the basis of a general automated warehouse layout. The integrated scheduling policies of sub-systems were discussed in detail and an integrated mathematical model was given and resolved by genetic algorithm based on Pareto. The rule of coding, selection and mutation were described in detail. A crossover based on stacker task feature is proposed. The simulation result shows that it's good for application.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated warehouse system,Genetic algorithm,Integrated scheduling
AGV Congestion Avoidance using Threshold-modulating Oscillator in Cellular Manufacturing	2018	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2018 IEEE.Control of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) for avoiding congestion must be stable and adaptive in agile production such as cellular manufacturing. In this study, we propose a flexible AGV-dispatch algorithm based on the synchronization phenomenon of a coupled oscillators. The dynamics of a production system is formulated as that of relaxation oscillators. Through controlling the threshold of the relaxation oscillators, the proposed algorithm can synchronize AGV-dispatch timing even with fluctuating production speeds. Phase-plane analysis is applied to investigate the qualitative behavior of the dynamical system the algorithm. In addition, through numerical simulation, we demonstrate that our AGV-dispatch algorithm can improve the congestion index of AGVs by 30%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Risk Assessment for Human-Robot Collaboration in an automated warehouse scenario	2018	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2018 IEEE.Collaborative robotics is recently taking an ever-increasing role in modern industrial environments like manufacturing, warehouses, mining, agriculture and others. This trend introduces a number of advantages, such as increased productivity and efficiency, but also new issues, such as new risks and hazards due to the elimination of barriers between humans and robots. In this paper we present risk assessment for an automated warehouse use case in which mobile robots and humans collaborate in a shared workspace to deliver products from the shelves to the conveyor belts. We provide definitions of specific human roles and perform risk assessment of human-robot collaboration in these scenarios and identify a list of hazards using Hazard Operability (HAZOP). Further, we present safety recommendations that will be used in risk reduction phase. We develop a simulated warehouse environment using V-REP simulator. The robots use cameras for perception and dynamically generate scene graphs for semantic representations of their surroundings. We present our initial results on the generated scene graphs. This representation will be employed in the risk assessment process to enable the use of contextual information of the robot's perceived environment, which will be further used during risk evaluation and mitigation phases and then on robots' actuation when needed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Collaborative robotics,hazard identification,HAZOP,ISO/TS 15066,risk assessment,safe human-robot collaboration,safety,safety standards,warehouse
Design Considerations for Automated Crane Assignment	2018	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2018 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This paper describes a method of multiple cranes assignment to operators who call cranes in a factory. Due to a crane moving on a rail, there is a restriction on the movement. Therefore, the crane cannot be delivered without proper assignment. To solve the cranes assignment problem, we propose two methods. The first is the optimal solution search method which finds the minimum travel distance combination from the number of cases that are derived by calculating the distance between all the cranes and all the operators. The second is the dynamic mapping method which finds the number of operators between each crane. Simulation results show that the dynamic mapping method sometimes performs the same assignment results as the optimal solution search method, but on average, the result of dynamic mapping method is farther than the optimal solution as the number of cranes increases. When partial regions are created by using the dynamic mapping method and an optimal solution search method is applied to each region, optimal solutions can be acquired while reducing the number of calculations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Near-Optimal Online Motion Planning of Connected and Automated Vehicles at a Signal-Free and Lane-Free Intersection	2018	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2018 IEEE.In this paper, we propose a cooperative motion planning method for a group of connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) crossing a lane-free intersection without using explicit traffic signaling. This multi-vehicle motion planning task is formulated as a centralized optimal control problem. However, the solution to this optimal control problem is numerically intractable due to the high dimensionality of the collision-avoidance constraints and the nonlinearity of the vehicle kinematics. A two-stage strategy is proposed for generating online solutions: at Stage 1, the CAVs are requested to reach a standard formation before entering the intersection; at Stage 2, the vehicles cross the intersection. As the motion planning sub-problem at Stage 2 begins with a standard configuration, the optimal solution to this standard sub-problem can be computed offline in advance and applied online directly. On the other hand, the formation reconfiguration sub-problem at Stage 1 is easy to solve online. Through dividing the entire dynamic process into two periods, the difficulties in the original optimal control problem are significantly reduced so that the real-time performance is achieved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	None
Emergency Autonomous Vehicle Guidance under Steering Loss	2018	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2018 IEEE.The autonomous vehicle guidance needs a steering system which is able to handle the lateral dynamics and a throttle/braking system to handle the longitudinal dynamics. However, a failure in the steering system leads the vehicle in dangerous situation. In order to manage this situation, an emergency guidance control architecture aims to guide and stop the vehicle in a safe area is proposed here. To that end, an emergency guidance controller (EGC) is developed to ensure the lateral guidance as well as the longitudinal guidance using braking torques. Since the same actuators (brakes) are employed for both control objectives a managing mechanism is proposed. Finally, simulation tests are carried out to show the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	None
A Novel Method of Island Port'S Transport: Automatic Guided Vehicle Approach	2018	2018 3rd IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Transportation Engineering, ICITE 2018	2018 IEEE.The Shanghai Yangshan Port, which is an island port with limited area, is only connected to the Shanghai's inland by Donghai Bridge whose condition cannot lay railways trucks. Meanwhile, empty-load backhaul and empty container balancing waste amount of transport resources. All these limit the port's future development and overall transport efficiency. This paper proposed a novel method that used the electric AGVs fleet to transport containers between island port and inland port (Luchao port), and reduced the empty-load transportation by using one AGV to carry an empty-load AGV. Hence, the inland port could be served as the second yard and the sea-rail intermodal hub of the Yangshan Port to promote the sea-rail combined transportation and expand the port's hinterland area. Then, exhaust emission, energy consumption and cost were analyzed. The results showed that using AGVs can reduce 50% of the total energy cost and 87% of the total CO2 emissions. Meanwhile, an AGV's total monthly costs were equivalent to a container truck when transporting 10 containers per day.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Automotive Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Control and Optimization,Transportation,Urban Studies	Automatic guided vehicle,CO2 emission,Combined transport,Empty-load transportation,Island port
IMULE: A Prototype System Based on AGV for Baggage Handling inside Airports	2018	2018 International Conference of Electrical and Electronic Technologies for Automotive, AUTOMOTIVE 2018	2018 AEIT.In this paper an innovative solution designed to overcome the limitations of current systems used for baggage handling inside airports is proposed. Object of the work was the analysis, design and development of a prototype system based on the use of robotic vehicles, free to move, autonomously and without constraints, from check-in desk to loading bays located near the runways. The work has been carried out in the context of the IMULE project developed in the framework of Industria 2015 Programme promoted by the Italian Ministry of Economic Development (MiSE) as part of the research, development and innovation projects aimed at Industrial Innovation and New Technologies for the Made in Italy in the 'Target Area concerning Robomechatronics Solutions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Control and Optimization,Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,airport,BHS,Intelligent transport system
Adaptive Trajectory Tracking Controller for an Armoured Vehicle: Hardware-in-the-Ioop Simulation	2018	2018 57th Annual Conference of the Society of Instrument and Control Engineers of Japan, SICE 2018	2018 The Society of Instrument and Control Enginners - SICE.This paper presents a hardware-in-the-loop (HiL) simulation study of an adaptive trajectory following strategy consists of a knowledge-based adaptive mechanism, to automatically guide an armoured vehicle along a desired path. To model the armoured vehicle, a 7 Degree-of-Freedoms (DoF) mathematical model was used. Next, a geometric controller was developed based on Stanley controller. A knowledge database was built using Particle Swarm Optimisation (PSO) algorithm to optimise set of controller parameters depending on various combinations of vehicle speed and heading error. An adaptive mechanism was developed to automatically adjust controller parameters based on this knowledge. The controller was implemented through HiL simulations and evaluated against the original Stanley Controller. Trajectory following performance was evaluated and it was proven that the adaptive controller managed to guide the armoured vehicle successfully along the roads with 87% lateral error reductions on HiL compared to the simulations. It was also shown that the proposed adaptive controller managed to produce correctional steering actions that is suitable for the steering actuator to generate.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Adaptive Controller,Armoured Vehicle,Autonomous Trajectory Tracking,Particle Swarm Optimisation,Path Tracking,Stanley Controller
MARAAL: A Low Altitude Long Endurance Solar Powered UAV for Surveillance and Mapping Applications	2018	2018 23rd International Conference on Methods and Models in Automation and Robotics, MMAR 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper constitutes the detailed design, fabrication and validation of MARAAL: A low altitude long endurance solar powered UAV to be operated day-night in subtropical region. The SUAV prototype fabricated at Unmanned Aerial Laboratory IIT Kanpur has a wing span of 5.35m, maximum endurance of 18 hours and a maximum 6kg payload capability. The conceptual design process with simulation results are shown along with a detailed description of the solar cell installation process. The paper also highlights the construction efforts and details of the hardware and onboard electronics including surveillance equipment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Automated guided vehicles,Computer-aided design,Energy management systems,MARAAL,Solar energy,Solar UAV,UAV fabrication
Deep Background Subtraction with Guided Learning	2018	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo	2018 IEEE.Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been applied in background subtraction (change detection) and gained notable improvements. Two typical methods have been proposed. The first one learns a specific CNN model for each video, but requires manual labeling of training frames on the fly. The other one learns a universal model offline, however, limits its performance in handling various surveillance scenarios. To address these problems, in this paper, a new deep background subtraction method is proposed by introducing a guided learning strategy. The main idea is to learn a specific CNN model for each video to ensure accuracy, but manage to avoid manual labeling. To achieve this, firstly we apply the SubSENSE algorithm [1] to get an initial segmentation, and then an adaptive strategy is designed to select reliable pixels to guide the CNN training. Besides, we also design a simple strategy to automatically select informative frames for guided learning. Experiments on the largest background subtraction benchmark CDnet2014 show that the proposed guided deep learning method outperforms existing state of the arts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	background subtraction,change detection,deep learning
Design and Implementation of New AGV System Based on Two-layer Controller Structure	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.Automated guided vehicle (AGV) is playing an major role in industrial applications to move materials around a manufacturing facility or warehouse. As task complexity increases, however, the traditional design of AGV can't meet user's demands any longer. Therefore, a new AGV control system is introduced in this paper, which is designed by the two-layer controller system structure. This structure includes the lower computer and the upper computer, which is the main controller with autonomous navigation functions. To exchange control messages, there is also a special communication protocol between the two controllers. In addition, different algorithms and circuits are designed according to the differences of each task and the characters of two controllers. The implementation approaches are presented in both hardware and algorithms as well. Finally, a series of experiments has been done, and the results show that the AGV from this new two-layer controller system design has perfect performance in motion, localization, path planning and other aspects.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Autonomous navigation,Design and implementation,Two-layer controller system
The Algebraic Algorithm for Path Planning Problem of AGV in Flexible Manufacturing System	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.With the rapid development of computer technology and automation technology, Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) as a modern advanced manufacturing mode is getting more and more attention by enterprises. Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is the main loading and unloading, and transportation instrument with its advantages of intelligent and flexible in the system. AGV has played an important role in the realization of logistics informatization, reduce logistics cost, improve the efficiency of the enterprise. Scheduling and route planning of these tasks from the system were made based on the proposed path planning methods in the empowerment directed acyclic graph. In this paper, an algebraic algorithm is proposed for a simple weighted path planning problem. Based on algebraic algorithm, the shortest path and its minimum iteration steps are calculated through direct distance matrix. The experimental results show that using this algorithm, the shortest path and its length can be obtained quickly. At the same time, compared with the traditional Dijkstra algorithm, the performance of the proposed algorithm is improved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Automatic Guided Vehicle,Min-algebra,Path Planning
Real-Time Conflict-Free Task Assignment and Path Planning of Multi-AGV System in Intelligent Warehousing	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.With the continuous development of intelligent robot, the application of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) increasingly becomes popular in many industrial fields. However, there are a series of problems in Multi-AGV System, such as resource allocation, conflict and deadlock. It is hard to find a perfect path for each AGV without conflict and collision in Multi-AGV System. In this paper, a Multi-AGV task assignment system is established by using the time window method and we find the optimal path by the A∗ algorithm. In addition, the system is realized by programming and a simulation experiment. The simulation results show that the system can effectively solve the conflict problem of AGVs, and is stable and high real-time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Automated Guided Vehicle,Path Planning,Task Assignment
Dynamic Time Estimation Based AGV Dispatching Algorithm in Automated Container Terminal	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.Automated Container Terminal (ACT) is a significant part of modern international logistics. Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) are expected to be widely applied in ACT. We summarize the existing work on AGV dispatching and notice that AGV dispatching is commonly based on static distance. However, the estimation of congestion time is often neglected. In this paper, we build a simulation model of AGV transportation system on the basis of AnyLogic software. We propose a dynamic time estimation based AGV dispatching algorithm, and utilize the simulation model to evaluate the performance of the algorithm. Compared with static algorithms, the dynamic time estimation based AGV dispatching algorithm is able to decrease the start-stop frequency and reduce the congestion of road network. Simulation results prove that the dynamic time estimation based AGV dispatching algorithm can effectively enhance the utilization rate of QCs and YCs, and shorten the task finishing time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	AGV dispatching,Automated Guided Vehicles,Dynamic Time Estimation
RGB-D inertial odometry for indoor robot via keyframe-based nonlinear optimization	2018	Proceedings of 2018 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2018	2018 IEEE.In recent years, Visual Inertial Odometry(VIO) has been an attractive topic in robotics area. VIO aim to estimate robots trajectory via analyzing measurements obtained from visual sensors and inertial sensors. There have been several outstanding results in these topics, however, these approaches were suffering from the longtime initialization and lack the robustness. In this paper, we present a novel tightly-coupled method which promotes accuracy and robustness in pose estimation with fusing image and depth information from the RGB-D camera and the measurement from the inertial sensor. Instead of using a filter-based method, we put visual and inertial data into a nonlinear optimization framework. In our work, a robust optimization-based method is used to obtain high accuracy estimator initialization. In order to maintain the balance of accuracy with computational complexity, we use a sliding-window optimizer to optimize the keyframes pose graph. We also propose an implement of 3D reconstruction. We test our algorithm on the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) platform, and we open source our implementations for PCs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Biomedical Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Nonlinear Optimization,Sensor Fusion,Simultaneous Localization and Mapping,Visual Inertial Odometry
Model and Algorithms the Quay Cranes Scheduling Based Yard Trucks Route Optimization	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.Minimizing turnaround time of ship and the free travel distance of yard trucks (YT) are the important objectives for most port operation schedules. The turnaround time of ship is also the working time of quay cranes (QC). This paper focuses on QC scheduling problem based on YT routing optimization. In order to solve this problem, the YT route optimization model is proposed as a mixed integer programming model and QC scheduling model is developed based on YT route optimization model. Two heuristic approaches are proposed to solve these models. Approaches are respectively considered task's the integral and separation with the greedy algorithm. Finally, certain data in cases are used to evaluate the differences of two approaches, and computer experiments shows the greedy algorithm for separation task have better performance in solving the QC scheduling.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Greedy algorithm,Quay cranes scheduling,Route optimization,Yard trucks
Double Arc Path Tracking Control of Driverless Vehicle Based on Time Delay Dynamic Prediction	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.In the process of path tracking, the pure pursuit(PP) algorithm can easily cause the vehicle to oscillate under the scene of lane changing and turning, and produce larger heading error and lateral position error. To solve these problems, a double circular arc tracking algorithm is proposed in this paper. The algorithm uses the preview point, the position and posture of the vehicle to get the equal radius of circular arcs that can ensure smooth transition of the vehicle at the critical turning point when it changes the lane or makes the turns. Numerical experiments show that the algorithm can guarantee the vehicle to track the desired path smoothly and accurately.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Double arc,Dynamic constraints,Dynamic delay,Front wheel declination,Path tracking
An extracting method of corner points from laser sensor readings	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.Simultaneous Localization and Mapping(SLAM) is a hot and difficult point in recent years. There are a large number of corner structures that are generated by two walls in the environment. Corner points can easily solve Simultaneous Localization and Mapping tasks of mobile robots. This method is divided into four parts: extraction points, line segment extraction, corner point extraction and corner point feature match. First, the map environment is scanned by the laser sensor to store the information of the environment. Second, the lEFT and the least square method are used to extract the straight line from the existing points. After that, we find corner points by finding the intersection point. At last, corner points are matched by angle and distance. Result proves that the method in the article can accurately extract the corner features. This method is robust and suitable for various environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Corner detection,Extracting line segments,Laser sensor,Matching corner
The Integrated Scheduling of Quay Crane and Yard Truck	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.Quay crane scheduling and yard truck scheduling are two highly interrelated important sub-problems in container terminal operations. To increase the efficiency, it is necessary to solve these two sub-problems in an integrated manner. The dual-strategies are adopted to increase the utilization rate of resources and reduce the empty running rate of yard truck. This paper proposed a mixed integer programming model using dual-strategies to solve quay crane scheduling and yard truck scheduling jointly. In this model, outbound and inbound containers, container precedence, quay crane interference, and quay crane safety margin are considered. Due to the intractability, genetic algorithm is designed to obtain near- optimal solutions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Dual-cycling strategies,Genetic algorithm,Quay crane scheduling,Yard truck scheduling
Distributed kinematic guidance law for containment maneuvering of underactuated autonomous surface vehicles	2018	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2018 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.This paper presents a distributed kinematic guidance law for containment maneuvering of a fleet of underactuated autonomous surface vehicles guided by multiple virtual leaders. The communication graph among virtual leaders is undirected. The communication graph among followers is directed, and there exists a directed path from each virtual leader to each follower. The information flow between the leader and the follower who has access to the leader is undirected. The distributed kinematic guidance law is developed on the basis of a constant bearing guidance principle and a containment maneuvering scheme. Then, two kinds of path update laws are presented based on the containment maneuvering error. By using the proposed distributed guidance law, the underactuated marine vehicles are able to track a convex hull spanned by multiple virtual leaders moving along parameterized paths. Compared with existing results, a key feature of the proposed distributed guidance law is that it can be applied to underactuated surface vehicles. Finally, the globally uniformly asymptotically stable and locally uniformly exponentially stable of the closed-loop system is proven by resorting to Lyapunov theory and graph theory.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Constant bearing,Containment maneuvering,Underactuated autonomous surface vehicles
Automated SEM-Guided AFM Scan with Dynamically Varied Scan Speed	2018	MARSS 2018 - International Conference on Manipulation, Automation and Robotics at Small Scales	2018 IEEE.For imaging nano-scaled samples, atomic force microscopy (AFM) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) represent two complementary imaging techniques. In a hybrid SEM-AFM system, a compact AFM is installed inside the high vacuum chamber of an SEM, where SEM provides largely 2D imaging and material compositions of a sample while AFM is capable of complementarily measuring 3D topography of the sample. Although SEM can achieve real-time imaging (e.g., 20 Hz), AFM scan can take minutes to generate an image, demanding strategies for speeding up AFM measurement. In existing hybrid SEM-AFM systems, SEM and AFM measurements are made independently. This paper presents, for the first time, a technique of using SEM nanoscopic imaging to guide the scan speed of AFM imaging. The dynamic variation of AFM scan speed is based on features identified in SEM imaging. Information/features are extracted from real-time SEM images and quantitated using local entropy and other metrics. The generated feature metric map is used to produce a speed map for varying AFM scan speed at each position on the sample. Experiments were conducted with a new SEM-compatible AFM instrument we recently developed, as the test bed of the SEM-guided AFM scan technique. The results for the samples measured in this work demonstrate that time savings of this technique, compared to traditional AFM scan using a constant speed, were up to 66% with equivalent imaging accuracy obtained with traditional fine scan. With the same time cost of traditional fast scan, the SEM -guided AFM scan technique had an accuracy improvement of 47%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	1	Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	None
An efficient phased-mission reliability model considering dynamic k-out-of-n subsystem redundancy	2018	IISE Transactions	2018, Copyright  2018 “IISE”.In this article, an efficient method is proposed for exact reliability evaluation of a special class of Phased-Mission Systems (PMSs) containing multiple k-out-of-n subsystems, each of which has multiple identical and non-repairable components. A PMS performs missions involving multiple, consecutive, and non-overlapping phases of operations. In each phase, the system has to accomplish a specific task and may be subject to different stresses. Thus, the configuration of each subsystem can change from phase to phase, including its active and inactive status, redundancy type, and minimum required working components. If any one of the required (active) subsystems is failed in a phase, the system is considered to be failed in that phase. The proposed method for accurate reliability analysis of PMS considers statistical dependencies of component states across the phases, time-varying and phase-dependent failure rates, and associated cumulative damage effects. Based on conditional probabilities and an efficient recursive formula to compute these probabilities, the proposed method has both computational time and memory requirements linear to the system size. Medium-scale and large-scale systems are analyzed to demonstrate high efficiency of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	7	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	cumulative exposure model,k-out-of-n redundancy,Phased-mission system,reliability analysis
Electronics System Design for Low Cost AGV Type Forklift	2018	Proceedings - 2018 International Conference on Applied Science and Technology, iCAST 2018	2018 IEEE.Now days, AGV is an important tools in material handling in warehouse or production area for full automation system, one of them is AGV type forklift. This AGV can work like any other AGV such drag, pick and place, and an additional feature of lifting, thus making AGV forklifts extremely expensive based on mechanical design, electronic systems, workability and security. This paper discusses specifically about AGV electronic systems in general and especially for the AGV forklifts which available on the market, then based on the system being studied, newly designed AGV's electronic systems are proposed at a low cost without affecting performance and safety factors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Computer Science Applications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Waste Management and Disposal,Geography, Planning and Development	AGV,AGV's,electronic systems,forklift AGV
Novel methodology for optimising the design, operation and maintenance of a multi-AGV system	2018	Reliability Engineering and System Safety	2018Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have long been identified as a potential driver to improve system efficiency and lower labour costs in material handling systems. Accordingly, the reliability and availability of AGV systems is crucial to assure the stability and efficiency of these systems. However, the reliability issues and maintenance strategies of AGVs have not previously been studied sufficiently. This is even more marked in the case of multi-AGV systems that consist of fleets of AGVs. To fill this knowledge gap, research is conducted considering a multi-AGV system, consisting of three AGVs, in order to develop a scientific methodology for optimising the layout design, operation and maintenance of a multi-AGV system. Once an AGV is failed, it will be towed to the maintenance site for repair by a recycle vehicle to prevent deadlock and conflict. The efficiency of the recycling process of failed AGVs in a multi-AGV system, with respect to the change of location of the maintenance site, is analysed by the approach of coloured Petri nets (CPNs). A CPN model simulating the corrective and periodic preventive maintenance processes of failed AGVs is also developed in order to investigate the impact of different AGV maintenance strategies on the operation efficiency of the multi-AGV system. The simulation results obtained clearly show that the location of maintenance sites and maintenance strategies do have significant influence on the performance of a multi-AGV system, where corrective maintenance is an effective measure to maintain the long-term reliability and stability of the system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	15	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automated guided vehicles,Coloured Petri nets,Maintenance,Reliability
An improvement on SA-MCL Algorithm: Ellipse based energy grids	2018	2018 6th International Conference on Control Engineering and Information Technology, CEIT 2018	2018 IEEE.In this paper, an ellipse based energy calculation algorithm is proposed for Self Adaptive Monte Carlo Localization method, abbreviated as SA-MCL. SA-MCL is a localization method based on particle filters and solves position tracking, global localization and kidnapping problems in localization. The SA-MCL is faster since it uses map energy grids concept where the particles are distributed similar energy regions on the map. However, the traditional SA-MCL is only suitable for the robots with range sensors which are (quasi-)uniformly placed on the robot. With the ellipse based energy calculation algorithm, this constraint is eliminated, and improved SA-MCL proposed in this study can be utilized for localization problem of all mobile robots equipped with range sensors. The algorithm proposed is validated in simulation and the efficiency of it is demonstrated on ROS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Control and Optimization,Health Informatics	Automated guided vehicles,Indoor localization,Mobile robots,Particle filter,Robot operating system,SA-MCL
Coordinated path tracking of two vision-guided tractors for heavy-duty robotic vehicles	2018	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2018 Elsevier LtdHeavy-duty robotic vehicles are increasingly required to transport and position large-quantity and large-scale objects in the manufacturing process. The load-carrying capacity of vehicles can be enhanced by configuring multiple automated guided tractors and coordinating their motions. A vision-guided tractor is developed by using an on-board camera in order to improve the guidance accuracy. Each tractor can recognize the guide paths, measure its path deviations and control the speeds of driving motors independently. A coordinated path tracking technique is proposed for two vision-guided tractors of a robotic vehicle, in order to make them move along a guide path accurately and smoothly. The finite area of the vision field, the actuation capacity of driving motors and the motion conflict of two tractors are considered as control constraints of path tracking. Six path deviation states and their relevant approaching trajectories are classified based on deviation properties and control constraints. The general law of mutual conversion of six approaching trajectories is analyzed. Other approaching trajectories should be converted into the tangent-arc trajectory that can eliminate two path deviations synchronously. Expected tracking distance is a coupled parameter that influences control efficiency, safety margin of trajectory conversion and coordination degree of two tractors. A fuzzy logic regulator is used in the leader-follower control strategy to adjust this parameter, by taking two path deviations and the difference of attitude angles of two tractors into account. Numerical simulation and prototype experiment show that two vision-guided tractors can move along the straight and curvilinear guide paths with high tracking accuracy, control efficiency and motion coordination, which enhanced the load-carrying capacity of robotic vehicles significantly.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Coordinated control,Mobile robot,Path tracking,Trajectory conversion,Vision guidance
Guidance mechanism design of omnidirectional AGV and its motion control research 全向自动导引车导向机构设计及其运动控制研究	2018	Chinese Journal of Engineering Design	针对麦克纳姆轮加工复杂, 运动效率低, 承载能力较弱及容易出现振动、 打滑等问题, 研发了基于轮毂电机 的自动导引车( a u t o m a t i cg u i d e dv e h i c l e, A G V) 全转向导向机构, 并根据该导向机构的控制方式- - -四轮独立驱动 和四轮独立转向( 4 W I D - 4 W I S ) 的方式, 对该全向 A G V 进行了运动控制研究。首先, 构建了该全转向导向机构的运 动学模型, 并进行了运动学分 析, 得 出 不 同 转 向 模 式 下 全 向 A G V 转 速 与 转 角 之 间 的 关 系。其 次, 为 消 除 该 全 向 A G V 移动时产生的路径偏差, 提出了基于多步预测最优控制和模糊控制的联合路径跟踪控制技术, 以提高控制精 度和为路径跟踪提供充足的纠偏能力; 进行了转向电机和轮毂电机之间的解耦控制, 保证了转向电机和轮毂电机 具有良好的输入输出响应。最后, 通过实车实验验证了该全转向导向机构具有良好的运动效果, 能够满足实际工 况的要求, 可为 A G V 在工业领域的应用提供一定的参考。.  2011 Chinese Journal of Engineering Design.Aiming at the problems that include the complex processing, low movement efficiency, weak bearing capacity, vibration and slippage of the Mecanum wheel, a full steering guidunce mechanism based on in-wheel motor was studied. The motion control of omnidirectional AGV based on four-wheel independent steering and four-wheel independent driving (4WID-4WIS) technology was researched. Firstly, a kinematics model of the full steering guidance mechanism was constructed, and kinematics analysis was performed to obtain the relationship between rotation speed and rotation angle of omnidirectional AGV under different steering modes. Secondly, path tracking technique based on multi-step predictive optimal control and fuzzy control was used to eliminate the path deviation of the omnidirectional AGV. The combined control improved the control accuracy and provided adequate rectification capability for path tracking. The decoupling control between the steering motor and in-wheel motor was carried out to ensure good input and output response. Finally, the real-vehicle experiment proved that the full-steering moving mechanism had a good movement effect and could meet the requirements of working conditions, which provided a certain reference for the application of AGV in the industrial field.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computational Mechanics,Civil and Structural Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Mechanical Engineering	4 WID-4WIS,4WID-4WIS,Decoupling control,Full steering guidance mechanism,Omnidirectional kinematics model,Path tracking,全向运动学模型,全转向导向机构,解耦控制,路径跟踪
Modeling and analysis of queueing network in nested-track manufacturing system with stochastic path AGVS 具有随机路径自动导引小车且多车道嵌套的制造系统排队网建模与分析	2018	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2018, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.Stochastic production system containing multiple manufacturing cells with Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) has become a typical manufacturing system structure for customized enterprises. To analyze the performance of manufacturing system with AGV and nested tracks, the uncertainty of manufacturing system with the stochastic path of AGV were considered, and the operation of system was described by queuing network model with finite buffer. The traditional state space decomposition method was expanded to establish state model of each node according to the relation between cells and stochastic-path AGV, and pure discontinuous Markov process was used to analyze the state transferring discipline between each node. Iteration algorithm was constructed to calculate the stable probability of node state. A simulation model was established, and the simulation experiment was designed and conducted to testify the validity of the proposed state space decomposition method. The sensitivity of system performance was also analyzed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Multiple nested tracks,Queuing network,State space decomposition,Stochastic path
Application of the tecnomatix plant simulation program to modelling the handling of ocean containers using the AGV system	2018	Nase More	2018, University of Dubronvnik. All rights reserved.AGV systems, gradually making their way into individual logistics processes, represent an important tool for handling different types of cargo. Since their initial start in the domain of small handling units, their use has been incrementally finding its application in the area of large handling units, too, such as different types of containers. That is why an ever increasing number of them can be encountered at the range of land and sea reloading sites. Thus, there are many opportunities for them to be deployed in different types of logistics processes at maritime reloading sites. For the AGV system and the logistics processes to function correctly at each maritime reloading site, they need to be thoroughly fine-tuned. One of the methods that can be used effectively to that end is the method of computer simulation. The paper will describe how to create a simple simulation model using Tecnomatix Plant Simulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	2	Water Science and Technology,Transportation,Ocean Engineering,Process Chemistry and Technology	AGV,Container,Logistics,Simulation
Comparative research on intelligent optimization algorithm of urban underground logistics system	2018	ICIC Express Letters	2018, ICIC International. All rights reserved.With the exploitation of urban ground space tending to saturation, the function of Chinese city in the future will be gradually transferred to the underground, including the storage, logistics and distribution, which releases the ground space and forms a huge underground three-dimensional urban spatial structure and an intricate underground logistics system. This paper established a Steiner Minimum Tree (SMT) model which connects important logistics nodes, optimized the underground logistics network via a heuristic algorithm based on Plant Growth Simulation Algorithm (PGSA) and compared it with genetic algorithms and hybrid intelligence algorithms. The results showed that the network calculated by PGSA is the shortest, which proved its effectiveness. These research provided a new way and method to solve the network optimization problems of urban underground logistics system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Genetic algorithm,Hybrid intelligent algorithm,Plant growth simulation algorithm,Underground logistics
Cooperation behaviour of road users in t-intersections during deadlock situations	2018	Transportation Research Part F: Traffic Psychology and Behaviour	2018 Elsevier LtdMixed traffic between automatic guided cars and human road users makes it necessary to understand cooperative behaviour between road users in order to adapt automated behaviour to human expectations. Road traffic offers various challenges, one being cooperative situations, which are not regulated by law. For example a t-intersection in which one road user is driving straight forward and two road users are turning left. To solve this situation the road users have to cooperate with each other. Different kinds of approaching behaviours in such situations were generated and analyzed according to cooperation readiness, preference to drive first and perceived safety of the situation by means of an experiment. The results show that in complex situations – like the investigated scenario – human road users prefer not to drive first. Additionally a high cooperation readiness of the opposite driver combined with a defensive driving style received higher ratings in the “confidence of passing”.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	6	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Applied Psychology	Autonomous vehicles,Communication,Cooperation,Explicit communication,Implicit communication,Road user
Integrated model for machine scheduling and inventory management under finite capacity settings	2018	International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Technology	IAEME Publication.The increasing importance of engineer-to-order manufacturing, inventory reduction, and resource optimization have placed a significant emphasis on the growing role of scheduling in the current global business environment. Often there has been a problem of applying the mathematically rich theoretical concepts of scheduling theory to solve the real-time industrial problems - in particular, the problem of job-shop scheduling. In the manufacturing domain, many scheduling models and approaches have been developed and adopted earlier. In most of the prior extant literature, materials requirement and capacity requirement planning problems are solved independently without considering the scheduling requirements. In such cases, rescheduling needs to be carried due to the problems that arise from resource conflicts and change in the job priorities. Therefore, there is a necessity to deal with scheduling, material, and capacity planning in an integrated way. In this paper, the author successfully demonstrated integration of scheduling with material requirement planning (MRP) and capacity requirements planning (CRP), to generate a near to optimal production schedule at low cost considering the practical difficulties in a real job shop environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	4	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Capacity requirement planning,Material requirement planning,Scheduling
Erlang-based holonic controller for a palletized conveyor material handling system	2018	Computers in Industry	2018 Elsevier B.V.Holonic systems have been a popular approach to face the challenges of the modern manufacturing environment and should continue to play a vital role in the fourth industrial revolution. Holonic control implementations have often made use of multi-agent systems – this paper presents, as a potential alternative, a case study implementation based on Erlang. Erlang is a functional programming language with strong scalability, concurrency and fault-tolerance characteristics, which prove to be beneficial when applied to the manufacturing control context. The case study used in this paper is the holonic control of a palletized conveyor material handling system – this implementation was chosen to demonstrate the advantages that Erlang can offer as implementation language for holonic systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Africa	5	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automation,Erlang/OTP,Holonic manufacturing systems,Manufacturing execution systems,Reconfigurable manufacturing systems
Development of a wireless communication platform for multiple-mobile robots using ROS	2018	2018 6th International Conference on Control Engineering and Information Technology, CEIT 2018	2018 IEEE.The MiniLab Enova mobile robot is presented in this paper. The main aim is to implement multi-master systems for managing a wireless communication network of multiple robots. A communication control scheme for multiple MiniLab Enova mobile robots was developed using ROS (Robot Operating System). ROS multi-master system is build from two or more ROS networks, each one with its own roscore node. For multiple robots, there are namespace conflict with ROS topics in a single master system. This limitation can be overcome using multiple masters. With this framework, it is possible to control the movement of multiple robots via a wireless communication network using only one monitoring computer.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Control and Optimization,Health Informatics	Mobile robot,Multi-master system,ROS(Robot Operating System),Wireless communication
Optical fiber ocean bottom vector magnetometer array	2018	Optical Engineering	2018 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE).An optical fiber ocean bottom vector magnetometer (OOBVM) array based on fiber laser sensing technology is proposed. The fiber laser is modulated at the natural frequency of the sensing structure by the Ampere force in the magnetic field. In this way, the sensitivity is enhanced and the effect of power fluctuation of fiber laser is eliminated. The test result shows that its magnetic field resolution is about 0.86 nT / √ Hz@100 mA. The design and assembly process of the OOBVM array are demonstrated. A field test in South China Sea demonstrated that the OOBVM array can detect the movement of ferromagnetic objects in water, which implies the potential for applications in underwater object detection and marine geophysics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Engineering (all)	Fiber laser,Fiber magnetometer,Ocean bottom,Vector
Path tracking control method for a two-wheel-drive robot based on position constraints 基于位置约束的两轮驱动机器人路径跟踪控制方法	2018	Zhongguo Guanxing Jishu Xuebao/Journal of Chinese Inertial Technology	2018, Editorial Department of Journal of Chinese Inertial Technology. All right reserved.Nowadays two-wheel-drive robots become more and more widely used. As an underactuated system, however, it cannot track any arbitrary trajectory, which makes it very difficult to control. Aiming at this problem, a new path tracking solution is proposed by analyzing its dynamic model. In this solution, a dual-loop PID controller is designed for both left and right wheels in order to achieve a desired velocity and pose. Meanwhile, a vector field is specifically built based on any given path so that the two-wheel-drive robot can return quickly once it deviates from the desired path. Finally, a hardware experimental platform is built, and several practical experiments are successfully implemented. For a relatively complex situation, the tracking result shows that the mean square deviation is 0. 86% and the maximum relative error is 3.64%, which validates the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Aerospace Engineering	Double closed-loop PID,Path tracking control,Two-wheel-drive robot,Underactuated system,Vector field
An Efficient Deadlock Prevention Policy for Noncyclic Scheduling of Multicluster Tools	2018	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.Scheduling of multicluster tools has received much attention due to its complexity of interaction among cluster tools. A cluster tool comprises several modules such as processing modules, a transfer module with a single or dual-armed handling robot, and loadlock modules. A multicluster tool comprises two, three, or more cluster tools that are interconnected with each other. In this paper, we propose a deadlock prevention policy for noncyclic scheduling of dual-armed multicluster tools. The proposed deadlock prevention policy is effective for generating an efficient schedule for two or three-connected multicluster tools with a single or a dual-path flow. This is proven by analyzing the strict minimal siphon of the Petri net model. The performance of the proposed method is compared with that of a maximal permissible deadlock prevention policy. The results demonstrate that the proposed method is computationally efficient for larger state spaces and more suitable than conventional deadlock prevention policies for generating effective schedules for noncyclic scheduling of multicluster tools. Note to Practitioners - Scheduling of multicluster tools has recently attracted attention in the growing semiconductor manufacturing industry. Most conventional studies on multicluster tools focus on cyclic scheduling to minimize cycle time with swap strategy. The challenge addressed by this paper is to derive a deadlock-free schedule for multicluster tools with noncyclic operations. We propose a simple deadlock prevention policy that can be applied to large-scale timed Petri net (PN) model of general multicluster tools without enumeration of siphon computations or solution of mixed integer programming. A timed PN model is developed for noncyclic operations of dual-armed multicluster tools with a dual ath. The computational results show that the approximately 10% of the total throughput of the proposed method is better than those of the conventional methods. It enables more efficient operations for noncyclic scheduling under transient periods including cleaning operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock prevention,discrete event systems,multicluster tools,Petri nets (PNs),scheduling,siphon
Noise reduction with inference based on fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points: Toward fuzzy rule learning in a unified inference platform	2018	Journal of Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	2017 Whiting and Birch. All rights reserved.In order to provide a unified platform for fuzzy inference and fuzzy rule learning with noise-corrupted data, a method is proposed for reducing noise in learning data on the basis of a fuzzy inference method called α-GEMINAS (α-level-set and generalizedmean-based inference with fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points). It is expected to prevent fuzzy rules from overfitting to noise in learning data, especially when there is less learning data available for fuzzy rule optimization. The proposed method is named α-GEMI-ES (α-GEMINAS-based local-evolution toward slight linearity for global smoothness) in this paper. α-GEMI-ES iteratively performs α-GEMINAS and reduces the noise in each iteration. This paper mathematically proves that α-GEMI-ES effectively reduces the noise. The noisereduction process is decisive and thus relies less on trial-and-error-based progress. The noise is reduced by a large amount in the early iterations and the amount of its reduction is decelerated in the later iterations where the deviation in the learning data is suppressed to a great extent. This property makes it easy to determine the termination conditions for the iterative process. Simulation results demonstrate that α-GEMI-ES properly reduces noise as the mathematical proof suggests. The above-mentioned properties indicate that α-GEMI-ES is feasible in practice for the unified platform.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy inference,Fuzzy rule interpolation,Fuzzy rule learning,Generalized mean,Noise reduction
Cloud-based ubiquitous object sharing platform for heterogeneous logistics system integration	2018	Advanced Engineering Informatics	2018The intelligence of infrastructure gradually becomes the straw for logistics enterprises to make data-based or date-driven optimization. The integration of heterogeneous logistics systems with existing enterprise information systems is one of the most critical steps to achieve the intelligent infrastructure. Unfortunately, the integration is always a time-consuming process with heavy investment, which suppresses the longings of enterprises, especially for small and medium enterprises (SMEs). Aiming at simplifying the system integration, this paper proposed a cloud-based ubiquitous object sharing platform (CUOSP) to share the integration across SMEs based on the concept of sharing economy. CUOSP acts as a middleware system to make heterogeneous logistics systems universal plug-and-play (UPnP) for enterprise information systems. A kernel-based agent (KBA) is designed as the sharing entity of physical systems. It maintains the features of physical systems and is scalable for different application scenarios. A series of cloud gateway services are emerged not only to provide the basic running and sharing environment, but also to remedy KBA's weaknesses in computing capacity. A prototype system is developed and implemented based on the framework of CUOSP and a laboratory case according to the consolidation scenario in E-commerce logistics is demonstrated. Comparison experiments are also conducted to explore the real-time and multitasking capacity of KBAs with different kernel characteristics and different computing resources.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Computing gateway,Heterogeneous system integration,Intelligent infrastructure,Kernel-based agent
Large-scale reverse supply chain network design: An accelerated Benders decomposition algorithm	2018	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdReverse logistics (RL) is a term that captures any process that involves the movement of goods or services from their destination back to their source. RL is increasingly gaining recognition as an essential component in the design process of supply chains. In this paper, we formulate a mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model that aims to determine the optimal locations and capacities of various nodes such as inspection centers and remanufacturing facilities and to help decision makers find optimal transportation decisions and to determine the number and type of transportation units required in the network. We develop an exact method to solve large-scale real-sized instances of this problem. We initially attempt to solve the problem using the traditional Benders Decomposition (BD) technique which fails to solve the problem in reasonable computational times. We improve the traditional BD technique by adding several accelerating methods such as trust-region, logistics constraints, Pareto-optimal cuts, restructuring of the problem, and continuous relaxation of the integer variables to increase the convergence rate and to reduce the total number of cuts required in the master problem. In almost all the instances, we were able to reach optimal solutions. For the remaining instances, we succeed in solving the largest problem with an optimality gap of 0.5% and within a reasonable running time. The paper highlights and evaluates the performance and effectiveness of the different acceleration techniques of our improved BD algorithm along with the computational results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Arab Emirates	7	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Acceleration techniques,Benders decomposition,Large-scale optimization,Pareto-optimal cut,Reverse logistics
AATT+: Effectively manifesting concurrency bugs in Android apps	2018	Science of Computer Programming	2018 Elsevier B.V.Smartphones are indispensable in people's daily activities, and smartphone apps tend to be increasingly concurrent due to the wide use of multi-core devices and technologies. Due to this tendency, developers are increasingly unable to tackle the complexity of concurrent apps and to avoid subtle concurrency bugs. To better address this issue, we propose a novel approach to detecting concurrency bugs in Android apps based on the fact that one can generate simultaneous input events and their schedules for an app, which would easily trigger concurrency bugs in an app. We conduct systematic state space exploration to find potentially conflicting resource accesses in an Android app. The app is then automatically pressure-tested by guided event and schedule generation. We implemented our prototype tool named AATT+ and evaluated it with two sets of real-world Android apps. Benchmarking using 15 Android apps with previously known concurrency bugs, AATT+ and existing concurrency-unaware techniques detected 10 and 1 bugs, respectively. Evaluated with another set of 17 popular Android apps, AATT+ detected 11 concurrency bugs and 7 of them were previously unknown, achieving an over 80% higher detection rate than existing concurrency-unaware techniques.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Software	Android,Concurrency
Traveling trajectory prediction method and experiment of autonomous navigation tractor based on trinocular vision 基于三目视觉的自主导航拖拉机行驶轨迹预测方法及试验	2018	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	2018, Editorial Department of the Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All right reserved.In order to make the autonomous navigation tractors work steadily and continuously without the satellite positioning system, a traveling trajectory prediction system and method based on trinocular vision were designed in this paper. The system was composed of a trinocular vision camera, an IEEE 1394 acquisition card and an embedded industrial personal computer (IPC). The right and left sub cameras constituted a binocular vision system with a long base line. The right and middle sub cameras constituted another binocular vision system with a narrow base line. To obtain more precise measurement results, the two binocular vision systems worked independently and in time-sharing. Then the motion vectors of tractor, which were in presentation of horizontal direction data, were calculated by the feature point coordinate changing in the working environment of the tractor. Finally, the error models which were in the direction of heading were established at different velocities, and the motion vectors of tractor were predicted by the models based on grey method. The contrast experiments were completed with a modified tractor of Dongfanghong SG250 at the speed of 0.2, 0.5 and 0.8m/s. During the experiments, the IPC was used to collect RTK-GPS data and predict movement tracks. The RTK-GPS used in the experiments was a kind of high-precision measuring device, and the measuring precision can reach 1-2 cm. Therefore, the location data of RTK-GPS were supposed as the standard which was used to compare with the data from trinocular vision system. The experimental results showed that the method mentioned above could accurately predict the trajectory of the tractor on the plane with an inevitable error which was mainly caused by the visual measurement error of the forward direction (z direction). When the tractor travelled at the speed of 0.2 m/s, the time and the distance that the error in forward direction exceeded 0.1 m equaled 46.5 s and 9.3 m, respectively. When the speed increased to 0.5 m/s, the time and the distance decreased to 17.2 s and 8.6 m, respectively. When the driving speed increased to 0.8 m/s, the time and distance quickly decreased to 8.5 s and 6.8 m, respectively. It showed that the higher the tractor traveling speed, the faster the error in forward direction increased. After that, the relationship between errors in forward direction and traveling time was acquired and analyzed by the way of nonlinear data fitting. In addition, the experimental results showed that the trend of lateral error (x direction) which was perpendicular to forward direction was not regular. When the speed was 0.2 m/s, the average error was 0.002 5 m with a standard deviation (STD) of 0.003 9. When the speed increased to 0.5 m/s and 0.8 m/s, the average error in lateral direction was 0.008 2 m with an STD of 0.012 4 and 0.003 6 m with an STD of 0.006 4. The result showed that the lateral error was very small and almost invariable. Therefore, the errors of trinocular vision were mainly caused by the errors of the forward direction. The root causes of the error were the natural light and time-delay during the image processing. According to the experimental data and results, the system and method proposed in this paper could be used to measure and predict the traveling trajectory of a tractor in the dry agricultural environment with the sudden loss of the satellite signal in a short period of time. The measured and predicted data could provide temporary help for the operations of autonomous tractors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guidance,Gray model,Machine vision,Tractor,Trajectory prediction
A swarm-based approach to generate challenging mazes	2018	Entropy	2018 by the authors.Swarm intelligence draws its inspiration from the collective behaviour of many individual agents interacting with both one another and their environment. This paper presents a possibility to apply a swarm-based algorithm, modelled after the behaviour of individuals operating within a group where individuals move around in the manner intended to avoid mutual collisions, to create the most challenging maze developed on a board with determined dimensions. When solving such a problem, two complexity measures are used. Firstly, the complexity of the path was assumed to be a quality criterion, depending on the number of bends and the length of the path between two set points that was subjected to maximisation. Secondly, we focus on the well-known concept of the maze complexity given as the total complexity of the path and all branches. Owing to the uniqueness of the problem, consisting in the maze modification, a methodology was developed to make it possible for the individuals belonging to their population to make various types of movements, e.g., approach the best individual, within the range of visibility, or relocate randomly. The test results presented here indicate a potential prospect of application of the swarm-based methods to generate more and more challenging two-dimensional mazes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Challenging maze,Individual movements,Maze complexity,Swarm intelligence
Automatic Vision-Guided Micromanipulation for Versatile Deployment and Portable Setup	2018	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.In this paper, an automatic vision-guided micromanipulation approach to facilitate versatile deployment and portable setup is proposed. This paper is motivated by the importance of micromanipulation and the limitations in existing automation technology in micromanipulation. Despite significant advancements in micromanipulation techniques, there remain bottlenecks in integrating and adopting automation for this application. An underlying reason for the gaps is the difficulty in deploying and setting up such systems. To address this, we identified two important design requirements, namely, portability and versatility of the micromanipulation platform. A self-contained vision-guided approach requiring no complicated preparation or setup is proposed. This is achieved through an uncalibrated self-initializing workflow algorithm also capable of assisted targeting. The feasibility of the solution is demonstrated on a low-cost portable microscope camera and compact actuated microstages. Results suggest subpixel accuracy in localizing the tool tip during initialization steps. The self-focus mechanism could recover intentional blurring of the tip by autonomously manipulating it 95.3% closer to the focal plane. The average error in visual servo is less than a pixel with our depth compensation mechanism showing better maintaining of similarity score in tracking. Cell detection rate in a 1637-frame video stream is 97.7% with subpixels localization uncertainty. Our work addresses the gaps in existing automation technology in the application of robotic vision-guided micromanipulation and potentially contributes to the way cell manipulation is performed. Note to Practitioners - This paper introduces an automatic method for micromanipulation using visual information from microscopy. We design an automatic workflow, which consists of: 1) self-initialization; 2) vision-guided manipulation; and 3) assisted targeting, and demonstrate versatile deployment of the micromanipulator on a portable microscope camera setup. Unlike existing systems, our proposed method does not require any tedious calibration or expensive setup making it mobile and low cost. This overcomes the constraints of traditional practices that confine automated cell manipulation to a laboratory setting. By extending the application beyond the laboratory environment, automated micromanipulation technology can be made more ubiquitous and expands readily to facilitate field study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cell manipulation,robot vision systems
A Tutorial for Monocular Visual Servoing 单目视觉伺服研究综述	2018	Zidonghua Xuebao/Acta Automatica Sinica	Copyright  2018 Acta Automatica Sinica. All rights reserved.Visual servoing is an important focus in the field of robot vision, which has a wide application area. This paper mainly discusses monocular visual servoing methods. It introduces different visual servoing methods and analyzes their characteristics from aspects such as motion mapping from features, errors representation, control law design, and key influence factors. Typical applications in different fields are given. Finally, the development tendency in future is predicted as well.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Control law design,Epipolar geometry,Feature selection,Homography matrix,Interaction matrix,Monocular vision,Visual servoing
Big Data for transportation and mobility: Recent advances, trends and challenges	2018	IET Intelligent Transport Systems	The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2018.Big Data is an emerging paradigm and has currently become a strong attractor of global interest, specially within the transportation industry. The combination of disruptive technologies and new concepts such as the Smart City upgrades the transport data life cycle. In this context, Big Data is considered as a new pledge for the transportation industry to effectively manage all data this sector required for providing safer, cleaner and more efficient transport means, as well as for users to personalize their transport experience. However, Big Data comes along with its own set of technological challenges, stemming from the multiple and heterogeneous transportation/mobility application scenarios. In this survey we analyze the latest research efforts revolving on Big Data for the transportation and mobility industry, its applications, baselines scenarios, fields and use case such as routing, planning, infrastructure monitoring, network design, among others. This analysis will be done strictly from the Big Data perspective, focusing on those contributions gravitating on techniques, tools and methods for modeling, processing, analyzing and visualizing transport and mobility Big Data. From the literature review a set of trends and challenges is extracted so as to provide researchers with an insightful outlook on the field of transport and mobility.	Journal	j	re	Review	Spain	16	Transportation,Environmental Science (all),Mechanical Engineering,Law	None
Automated Guided Vehicle: The Direction of Intelligent Logistics	2018	Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, SOLI 2018	2018 IEEE.Intelligent Logistics is one of the most important strategic directions for the development of modern logistics industry. Automated guided vehicle (AGV) is the key equipment the benchmark for the development of Intelligent Logistics. This paper analyzes the development history of AGV and their current application status, both at home and abroad. It also points out AGV's new direction for the development and advancement of China's Intelligent Logistics where we should focus on the research and promotion of AGV since they are artificial intelligence-oriented and based on the needs of Intelligent Logistics. In the future, the combination of robot and autopilot technology will greatly enhance the application and service levels of AGV to Intelligent Logistics, reduce the logistics costs of trunk transportation and »the last mile», improve the efficiency of logistics transportation and distribution, and promote user's experience.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	applications,artificial intelligence,automated guided vehicle (AGV),Intelligent Logistics
Fleet-sizing of multi-load autonomous robots for material supply	2018	Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, SOLI 2018	2018 IEEE.Latest advancements in new technologies have made it possible to fully automate the in-plant material flow of small load carriers between the warehouse and the production or assembly line. However, none of methods available in literature fully addresses the planning and dimensioning problem of a logistic system based on these new autonomous technologies. This paper is set to present a method to estimate the fleet size of the new logistic system. After an overview on the state of the art, the method based on combinatorics and probability theory will be explained. A short discussion and suggestions for forthcoming research will conclude the paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	autonomous system,fleet-sizing,in-plant logistics,multi load,small load carriers
Real-time Pallet Localization with 3D Camera Technology for Forklifts in Logistic Environments	2018	Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, SOLI 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper presents a novel approach for detection and localization of standardized euro pallets, which are orientated up to 90° in relation to the sensor plane. There is no a priori information about the pallets pose needed. We use a time-of-flight camera. Our algorithm is based on finding surfaces in the point cloud, which represent the three wooden blocks of a euro pallet. Different kinds of geometrical checks set up our detection pipeline, where no artificial markers on the pallets are needed. Since we perform the detection while driving a forklift, the algorithm must process the point cloud within a set time limit. The detection and localization result in the pallets position and orientation in relation to the camera coordinate system. This information can be provided to higher-level systems, like advanced driver assistance systems. The results show that the localization of pallets is possible in the scenario considered.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	forklift,Kinect camera,pallet detection,pallet localization,point cloud,time-of-flight camera
Sustainable value stream mapping and technologies of Industry 4.0 in manufacturing process reconfiguration: A case study in an apparel company	2018	Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, SOLI 2018	2018 IEEE.To optimize resource use in production, Lean manufacturing is the most widely implemented method in the world. One of the most useful tools in Lean production is Value Stream Mapping (VSM). With focus on visualizing key data of a production process in a single picture, VSM attempts to reveal bottleneck steps in a process. As a consequence, industrial engineers can determine which stages of the process should be put emphasis on improving. However, VSM sole consideration is economics and other aspects of sustainability such as societal and environmental are neglected. With Sustainable Value Stream Mapping (SVSM), all necessary illustrations for a sustainable manufacturing process can be visualized, which leads to higher chances to identify potential problems in the efficiency of production processes beyond the ones identified using lean manufacturing. This research provides a case study where SVSM is applied in an apparel company in order to identify potential issues in the sustainability of their production process. Furthermore, this paper highlights several potential solutions such as Radio-frequency identification (RFID), big data and ergonomics improvement by discussing the impact of their implementation on the process sustainability. Finally, the conclusion section discusses limits in the solutions implementation and suggest future research.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	2	Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	apparel industry,big data,lean manufacturing,radio-frequency identification,Sustainability,Sustainable value stream mapping
Surveillance Robot with Human Detection	2018	Proceedings of the International Conference on Inventive Communication and Computational Technologies, ICICCT 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper proposes a robot for human rescue operation using cognitive systems in an environment which is unsuitable for any human intervention. The robot can operate manually with human input and is also capable of autonomous operation by being guided using sensors. In manual mode, human input is provided wirelessly and its operation is observed by the feedback from a mounted camera. The robot is mounted with IR and PIR sensors to help it navigate while operating autonomously. The robot will aid in rescue operations by allowing a minimal threat to human life. Practical experiments and simulation experiments are carried out to validate our design.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	None
Self-Tuning Fuzzy PID Control of a Four-Mecanum Wheel Omni-directional Mobile Platform	2018	26th Iranian Conference on Electrical Engineering, ICEE 2018	2018 IEEE.In this paper we restrict our attention to self-tuning control of a four-Mecanum mobile robot and present detailed kinematics and controller architecture of a robot. Since the Mecanum wheels worked based on slipping, therefore, its wheels may slip due to various floor conditions. During such a slip condition, Mecanum wheeled robot moves in unexpected path. In order to reduce this error, four incremental encoders are utilized. Then the fuzzy PID controller is described. This proposed controller can be implemented in microcontroller easily. Finally, the merit of the controller is investigated experimentally. Results show that the Self-Tuning Fuzzy PID Control and encoder sensors provide a reasonable structure for Mecanum wheel robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	Fuzzy Logic Controller,Mecanum Wheeled Robot,Self-tuning controller
Energy Optimal Path Planning for Mobile Robots Based on Improved AD * Algorithm 移动机器人低能耗最优路径规划方法	2018	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2018, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved. Path planning with distance and time constraints is often required for mobile robots. Meanwhile, reducing energy consumption is much more important in order to make robot perform more tasks and more efficiently with limit energy supply. Hence, it is important to minimize the energy consumption of mobile robots deployed in real world missions. One of the ways that can be accomplished is to choose the robot's motion to minimize the mechanical and electrical energy usage required by the robot's motion. However, this method will cause the robot accelerate or decelerate frequently. Taking into account the demand for reducing energy consumption and improving the efficiency of path planning, an energy optimal path planning method was proposed based on AD * algorithm. The energy consumption was reduced with the proposed energy optimal path planning method by taking into account the distance and time constraints. Firstly, the energy consumption of path was calculated by using the dynamic model and power model of the robot. The sample-based model predictive optimization algorithm was used to generate the optimal trajectory cluster based on the kinematics model of robot. Then, an energy optimal path planning method was proposed based on AD * search algorithm by integrating the energy consumption into the node's evaluation function. Energy optimal path planning was carried out online to find the optimal energy consumption path, according to the connection relationship of nodes and environment map. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed energy optimal path plannign method was confirmed by comparing the simulation results with distance optimal path planning method. The proposed energy optimal path planning method can be deployed on the mobile robot platform which served in outdoor terrain environments for decreasing energy consumption.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Energy optimal planning,Heuristic search,Mobile robot,Optimal trajectory cluster,Power model
Optimizing the Scheduling of Autonomous Guided Vehicle in a Manufacturing Process	2018	Proceedings - IEEE 16th International Conference on Industrial Informatics, INDIN 2018	2018 IEEE.Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are considered as one of the key enablers of smart factories which make possible smart and flexible transportation of pallets and material on shopfloor. However, existing AGV fleet management solutions often suffer from poor integration with real-time manufacturing operations information systems, which negatively affects scheduling of AGVs. To exploit the full potential of AGVs in achieving just-intime (JIT) transportation, there is a need for intelligent AGV fleet management system which not only integrate with manufacturing information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) but also provide prediction for the shop-floor logistic based on real-time manufacturing operations information to optimize scheduling of AGVs. This paper presents an approach for a Smart AGV Management System (SAMS), which combines the real-time data analysis and digital twin models that can be deployed within complex manufacturing environments for optimized scheduling. For a proof of concept, a case study of a line side supply of components to a manual assembly station is presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	7	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Digital Twin,Prediction,Real-time data analytics,Shop-floor logistics scheduling,Smart AGV Management System,Smart Factory
Visualization of AGV in Virtual Reality and Collision Detection with Large Scale Point Clouds	2018	Proceedings - IEEE 16th International Conference on Industrial Informatics, INDIN 2018	2018 IEEE.Virtual reality (VR) will play an important role in the factory of the future. In this paper, an immersive and interactive VR system is presented for3D visualization of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) moving in a warehouse. The environment model consists of a large scale point cloud obtained through a Terrestrial Laser Scanning (TLS) survey. Realistic AGV animation is achieved thanks to the extraction of an accurate model of the ground. Visualization of AGV safety zones is also supported.Moreover, the system enables real-time collision detection between the 3D vehicle model and the point cloud model of the environment. Collision detection is useful for checking the feasibility of a specified vehicle path. Efficient techniques for dynamic loading of massive point cloud data have been developed to speed up rendering and collision detection. The VR system can be used to assist the design of automated warehouses and to show customers what their future industrial plant would look like.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Wafer fabrication: Automatic material handling system	2018	Wafer Fabrication: Automatic Material Handling System	2018 Walter de Gruyter GmbH. All rights reserved.This book systematically introduces modeling, performance evaluation and applications of Automatic Materiel Handling System (AMHS) in semiconductor manufactucing, and focuses discussion on the coordination of two subsystems. Resources dispatch and optimization are conducted on operational research combined with cases studies. Written in a practical way, it is an essential reference for researchers and engineers in manufacturing and management.	Book	b	bk	Book	China	0	Engineering (all),Materials Science (all)	None
SLAM for Planar Mobile Robot	2018	Proceedings of 2018 2nd IEEE Advanced Information Management, Communicates, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IMCEC 2018	2018 IEEE.F372 faster process speed and higher accuracy of RGB-D SLAM of planar mobile robot, the new method improved the traditional method of ORB feature detection and match based on the image segmentation. Our method considering the features of planar robots, simplify the feature match process and PnP pose transform matrix of neighbor fames. It evaluates the motion planar of robot while SLAM system running, which is used for the optimization and simplification later. Using color images and cooperating depth images, it can easily get the height of each extracted feature points and divide those points in several groups to reduce wrong match and accelerate match speed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	computer visual,Kinect,RGB-D,Robot,SLAM
Deep Fusion Feature for Vehicle Classification and Recognition	2018	Proceedings of 2018 2nd IEEE Advanced Information Management, Communicates, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IMCEC 2018	2018 IEEE.T408 solve the problem of higher energy consumption and lower recognition rate caused by artificial extraction feature, which is sophisticated and single generally in the process of vehicle classification and identification, in this paper, we propose a method for video vehicle processing using deep fusion feature based on deep learning. This approach mixes all of the tail characteristics of vehicles after each Sampling layer together, including global characteristics of low-dimensional and local sparse response of high-dimensional, this allows us to get more information about the features, then softmax classifier is used for classification steps. Experimental results show that the final classification accuracy can be achieved about 99.32% by combining the characteristics of a single treatment with features of various strata after Sampling layers, which called full feature fusion. The algorithm we suggested is applicable to identify highway video vehicles, the recognition speed and accuracy of this method are improved significantly compared with the general means.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	AI,Caffe,DCNN,deep learning,feature fusion,network models,vehicle classification and recognition
Automated Guided Vehicles for Small Manufacturing Enterprises: A Review	2018	SAE International Journal of Materials and Manufacturing	Copyright  2018 SAE International.Automated guided vehicle systems (AGVS) are the prominent one in modern material handling systems used in small manufacturing enterprises (SMEs) due to their exciting features and benefits. This article pinpoints the need of AGVS in SMEs by describing the material handling selection in SMEs and enlightening recent technological developments and approaches of the AGVS. Additionally, it summarizes the analytical and simulation-based tools utilized in design problems of AGVS along with the influence of material handling management and key hurdles of AGVS. The current study provides a limelight towards making smart automated guided vehicles (AGVs) with the simplified and proper routing system and favorable materials and more importantly reducing the cost and increasing the flexibility.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Material handling system,Small manufacturing enterprises
Scheduling Multiple AGVs with Dynamic Time-windows for Smart Indoor Parking Lot	2018	Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE 22nd International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, CSCWD 2018	2018 IEEE.We herein build a smart parking system for large-scale underground parking lot in China, and deal with scheduling problems for multiple automatic guided vehicles (AGVs). In previous studies, multiple AGVs usually were scheduled in warehouse system, workshop system, etc. There was little report about AGVs in smart parking. In underground parking lot, designing maximum layout of parking space led to limited and double pathway for AGVs. Therefore, we proposed a dynamic time-window based on scheduling method (DTWS for short). In our DTWS, each AGV can dynamically adjust the path according to a time window, and thus implement the conflict-free pathway of AGVs. Finally, the experimental results showed that the our method solved the scheduling problems such as deadlock of multiple AGVs, and our parking system had an improved performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	AGVs,scheduling,smart parking,time-windows
Goal-Capability-Commitment based Mediation for Multi-Agent Collaboration	2018	Proceedings of the 2018 IEEE 22nd International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, CSCWD 2018	2018 IEEE.Multi-agent collaboration in the agent oriented Collective Adaptive Systems could offset the failure of goal achievement by an independent agent. Commitments among agents to meld collaborative patterns typically defined in design time, which may cannot service the request of ACSs in response to changes in the system itself or in its environment. To address this problem, we propose a Goal-Capability-Commitment (GCC) based multi-agent collaboration mediation for ACSs at run-time. There are two issues with this state of the art approach: (1) the ability to represent the capability of agent under different contexts and diagnose the invalids of goals and agents leaded by the changing environments, and (2) the ability of mediation to select an appropriate capability or generate a new commitment in order to satisfy adaptive goal. We illustrate our approach through two experiments over the simulated scenario of automated hospital cart transportation system and discuss the results of experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	Adaptive collaboration systems,agents collaboration,AGV-based simulation,GCC
Dual institutional pressures, sustainable supply chain practice and performance outcome	2018	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors.With the deterioration of ecological environment, sustainable supply chain management has become an important means of enterprise performance evaluation. During the implementation of a sustainable supply chain management (SSCM), Chinese enterprises are faced with domestic and overseas institutional pressures, such as laws, regulations, and agenda, etc. Then, whether the dual institutional pressure has a promoting role for Chinese manufacturing enterprises in implementing the SSCM and whether the sustainable supply chain practices (SSCP) can promote the output of enterprise performance, have become a topic worthy of study. Hypothesis on the relationship between the institutional pressure of sustainable supply chain and economic, social, and environmental performances is innovatively raised in this paper and a theoretical model is built. Besides, a fitting test is conducted to a full model by using a structural equation model. An optimal model is eventually obtained after repeated modifications to the initial model by means of goodness of fit and causal path coefficient, thereby it is verified in this paper that the institutional pressure has a significantly positive impact on the SSCP; a conclusion is drawn that the impact of the SSCP on the economic, environmental, and social performances shows different characteristics, which has an important theoretical guiding role in promoting the SSCP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Institutional pressure,Performance outcome,Structural equation model,Sustainable supply chain
Position estimation of automatic-guided vehicle based on MIMO antenna array	2018	Electronics (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The existing positioning methods for the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in the port can not achieve high location precision, Therefore, a novel multiple input multiple output (MIMO) antenna radar positioning scheme is proposed in this paper. The positioning problem for AGV is considered, and the joint estimation problem for direction of departure (DoD) and direction of arrival (DoA) is addressed in the multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) radar system. With the radar detect the transponder and estimate the DoA/DoD, the relative location between the transponder and the AGV can be obtained. The corresponding Cramér–Rao lower bounds (CRLBs) for the target parameters are also derived theoretically. Finally, we compare the positioning accuracy of the traditional global position system (GPS) with the proposed MIMO radar system. Simulation results show that the proposed method can achieve better performance than the traditional GPS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Antenna array,Automatic guided vehicle,DoA/DoD estimation,MIMO radar
Simulation of Automated Terminal with Dual-Rail Transport Trolley and Hollow Track Layout 回字形布置的双轨轮小车自动化码头仿真	2018	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	2018, The Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation. All right reserved.Container terminals with dual-rail transport trolley and hollow track layout (CTTH) are novel concept, for which a simulation model is developed with stochastic Petri nets. The simulation realization is discussed using Plant Simulation platform. A CTTH simulation system is developed to analyze its operational efficiency and parameter effects. Experiments show that CTTHs are more efficient than container terminals with automated RMGs. The study findings are helpful reference for the simulation models of automated container terminal and CTTH developments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminal,Dual-rail transport trolley,Hollow track layout,Petri nets,Simulation analysis,Simulation model
A framework of production planning and control with carbon tax under industry 4.0	2018	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors.In recent years, the international community has placed great emphasis on environmental protection issues. The United Nations has also successively enacted relevant laws and regulations to restrain international greenhouse gas emissions and some countries implemented carbon tax levies to reduce air pollution. The tire industry is a manufacturing industry with high pollution and high carbon emissions; therefore, the purpose of this paper is to propose a framework of production planning and control with carbon tax under Industry 4.0 and use the tire industry as the illustrative example. In this framework, the mathematical programming model, with Activity-Based Costing (ABC) and Theory of Constraints (TOC) for production planning, is used to achieve the optimal solution under various production and sale constraints in order to find the optimal product-mix maximizing the profit. On the other hand, Industry 4.0 utilizes new technologies such as 3D printing, robot and automated guided vehicle (AGV) and links all the components in the manufacturing systems by using various sensor systems, Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) and Internet of Things (IoT) to collect and monitor the activity data of all the components in real-time, to give intelligent responses to various problems that may arise in the factory by the real-time analysis results of cloud computing and big data and to attain the various benefits of Industry 4.0 implementation. The parameters of the mathematical programming model will be updated periodically from the new big data set. In this paper, an illustrative example is used is used to demonstrate the application of the model. From the optimal solution and sensitivity analyses on increasing the raw material's prices and carbon taxes will affect the profits. This framework can provide a general approach to help companies execute production management in the way of more efficiency, less cost, lower carbon emission and higher quality across the value chain for the tire industry and other industries.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	12	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Activity-Based Costing (ABC),Carbon emission,Carbon tax,Industry 4.0,Mathematical programming,Sustainability,Tire industry
Design of AGV Low-Delay Visual Servo System	2018	ICALIP 2018 - 6th International Conference on Audio, Language and Image Processing	2018 IEEE.The visual sensing technology has been more and more applied to AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle), sometimes, the visual-Aided navigation will fail to orientate and grab the objective due to vehicle body shaking. For the traditional method, the motion characteristics between image frames are obtained through Fourier transform of images, to obtain the image compensations and correct the image, with more calculations and poor real-Time performance. In most AGVs, gyroscope and pose measurement sensor are equipped. In this paper, the output parameters of gyroscope were read, to correct the image and obtain the stable output. Through experiment, time delay for obtaining the corrected parameters is reduced by 97% than that obtained through traditional method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Linguistics and Language,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Signal Processing,Media Technology	AGV,Low Time Delay,Visual Dynamic System
Multi-load AGVs scheduling by application of modified memetic particle swarm optimization algorithm	2018	Journal of the Brazilian Society of Mechanical Sciences and Engineering	2018, The Brazilian Society of Mechanical Sciences and Engineering.The automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are extensively applied for material handling operations in the flexible manufacturing system (FMS) facilities. The scheduling decisions for the multi-load AGVs serving in the FMS with minimum travel time, waiting time and time to serve jobs are highly significant from the sustainable profits point of view. The present study proposes a combination of particle swarm optimization (PSO) for global search and memetic algorithm (MA) for local search termed as the modified memetic particle swarm optimization algorithm (MMPSO) for scheduling of multi-load AGVs in FMS. The newly proposed algorithm is applied for the generation of initial feasible solutions for scheduling of multi-load AGVs with minimum travel and minimum waiting time in the FMS. From the computational experiments, it is observed that the proposed MMPSO algorithm performs an effective and efficient exploration and exploitation process and further yields promising results for the multi-load AGVs scheduling problem in the FMS facility.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	9	Mechanical Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,MMPSO algorithm,Multi-Load AGVs,Scheduling
On the evaluation of AGVS-based warehouse operation performance	2018	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	2018An automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) is an advanced material handling system widely used in various automated systems, particularly in e-commerce warehouses. The warehouse operation performance, mainly focusing on transportation efficiency, is affected by many factors, such as traffic-control policies and warehouse layouts. Based on the digraph theory and real-time control, two effective traffic-control policies with polynomial-time complexity are proposed to avoid the collision and to solve deadlocks. To accommodate more complicated situations, different types of warehouse layouts are tested. Extensive simulations are carried out to study the effects of policies, warehouse layouts, task densities and timing of an AGV to apply for a resource on the evaluation of the AGVS-based warehouse operation performance, which provide guidelines for warehouse designers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	AGVS,Deadlock,E-commerce warehouse,Simulation
Develop of AGV platform to support the arrangement of cargo in storehouse	2018	ICAC 2018 - 2018 24th IEEE International Conference on Automation and Computing: Improving Productivity through Automation and Computing	2018 Chinese Automation and Computing Society in the UK - CACSUK.In the era of the fourth industrial revolution, instead of human, machine or robot plays an important role in working place. Especially, it is difficult to manage a large warehouse only with human. In this paper, the open platform of automated guided vehicle is introduced to meet the demands of logistics field. The design of hardware is ensured that vehicle is able to lift up and down goods without problems. There are three levels of software design such as firmware, middleware and monitoring software. In lowest level, firmware drives servo motors directly, receives signals from sensors and carried out the control command. The mission of middleware is to protect communication lacking traffic jam. In host PC, monitoring software displays internal parameters of system, provide executed status or caution. In theoretical analysis, the controller is integrated in microprocessor to track the pre-defined trajectory as well as guarantee the smooth motion. From the experimental results, the design and control method that proved in this work are feasible and capable.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	0	Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization	Automation,Embedded system,Logistics,Mobile platform,Robotics
An Improved Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm for Integrated Scheduling Model in AGV-Served Manufacturing Systems	2018	Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Systems	2018 World Scientific Publishing Company. To address the resources optimization problem of AGV-served manufacturing systems driven by multi-varieties and small-batch production orders, a scheduling model integrating machines and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is proposed. In this model, the makespan of jobs from raw material storage to finished parts storage through multi-stage processes has been used as the objective function, and the utilization ratios of machines and AGVs have been used as the comprehensive evaluation functions. An improved particle swarm optimization algorithm with the characteristics of main particles and nested particles is developed to solve a reasonable scheduling scheme. Compared with the basic particle swarm optimization algorithm and genetic algorithm, the numerical result suggests that the nested particle swarm optimization algorithm has more advantages in convergence and solving efficiency. It is expected that this study can provide a useful reference for the flexible adjustment of AGV-served manufacturing systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicles,integrated scheduling model,Mixed production,nested particle swarm optimization algorithm
Harmony search path detection for vision based automated guided vehicle	2018	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2018 Elsevier B.V.Efficient, cost effective, and fast automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are getting more an more attention day by day. Giant industries and huge businesses has already adopted the AGV technology to boost their profits. In order to make the AGVs more affordable for medium or small businesses, manufacturing costs must be reduced. A line follower AGV is a cost effective solution among the others. A line follower usually follows a painted line on the floor that guides it to its destination. Line followers generally avoid high cost line detection algorithms because of limited computational power. As the processors getting faster, cheaper, and smaller the question arises: is it possible to utilize costly algorithms such as evolutionary algorithms in such a real-time application? In this paper, a novel technique is presented for applying harmony search evolutionary algorithm in real-time line detection vision based and the idea was implemented using a two wheeled robotic platform. Proposed robot detects and follows the path with high levels of accuracy, without the need for edge detection and independent of image resolution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle,Harmony search,Line detection,Line follower,Machine vision
Analytical design of Archimedean spiral coils used in inductive power transfer for electric vehicles application	2018	Electrical Engineering	2017, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.The inductive power transfer (IPT) systems have been drawing much attention in the wide variety of industrial and automotive electric power applications such as battery chargers in automated guided vehicles and electric vehicles (EVs) these days. At the heart of this IPT system are two mutually coupled coils also known as charging pad. Among different existing charging pads, circular charging pad is the most widely adopted charging pad for stationary charging of EV. This is mainly due to ease of manufacturing, symmetric coupling profile, ease of experimental characterization and its non-directional characteristics which ensure simplicity of use by a driver. Circular charging pads consist of coils in the form of Archimedean spirals. For the design of Archimedean spiral, i.e., calculation of number of turns, outer and inner diameter, air gap between primary and secondary coil is often done using finite element analysis software (FEA). However, FEA simulations are complicated and may require a significant number of iterations before achieving the final design goals and therefore are time-consuming. Therefore, the aim of this paper is to formulate simple analytical expressions to design Archimedean spiral from given electrical parameters. An analytical expression for self-inductance as well mutual inductance has been presented. Analytical expressions have been validated using five different coil-pairs fabricated for the same electrical parameters. Usefulness and limitations of the analytical expressions have been discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	4	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Electric vehicles,Inductive power transfer,Inductors,Wireless power transfer
The application of simulation model of a milk run to identify the occurrence of failures	2018	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	2018, DAAAM International Vienna. All rights reserved.At present, AGV systems are an important part of numerous companies and their internal logistics systems. They are used to efficiently secure different types of transport processes in order to minimize operating costs. However, their reliable operation requires adequate setting and maintenance. Computer simulation is probably the most suitable option from a wide range of engineering methods with which to meet these requirements. This paper describes the development of a simulation model in the Tecnomatix Plant Simulation program to identify critical points of failure within a specific delivery process on the basis of a Milk Run system. Based on the results obtained, an appropriate solution was determined with which to make the whole process function more efficiently and reliably.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	8	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	AGV simulation,Delivery,Failures,Milk run,Performance efficiency
A Dial-a-Ride evaluation for solving the job-shop with routing considerations	2018	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	2018 Elsevier LtdThe Job-Shop scheduling Problem with Transport (JSPT) is a combinatorial optimization problem that combines both scheduling and routing problems. It has received attention for decades, resulting in numerous publications focused on the makespan minimization. The JSPT is commonly modeled by a disjunctive graph that encompasses both machine-operations and transport-operations. The transport-operations define a sub-problem which is close to the DARP where pickup and delivery operations have to be scheduled. The vast majority of the evaluation functions used into disjunctive graphs of JSPT, minimizes the makespan and there is no routing criteria in the objective function. Commonly used evaluation functions lead to left-shifted solutions for both machine-operations and transport-operations. The present work investigates a new evaluation function for the JSPT which integrates routing problematic to compute non semi-active solutions but which minimize the makespan first and maximize the Quality of Service second thanks to a time-lag max based modeling and an iterative process. The Quality of Service proposed in this paper, is extended from the Quality of Service defined by (Cordeau and Laporte, 2003) for the DARP. The procedure performance is benchmarked with a CPLEX resolution and the numerical experiments proved that the proposed evaluation function is nearly optimal and provides new solutions with a high Quality of Service.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Disjunctive graph,Job-Shop,Quality of Service,Scheduling,Transport
Container dispatching and conflict-free yard crane routing in an automated container terminal	2018	Transportation Science	2018 INFORMS.In this research, we focus on a container dispatching and conflict-free yard crane routing problem that arises at a storage yard in an automated, maritime container terminal. A storage yard serves as an intermediate buffer for import/export containers and exchanges containers between the waterside and landside of a maritime terminal. The considered storage yard is perpendicular to the waterside and employs two rail-mounted gantry cranes that have different sizes and thus have the possibility to cross each other. The problem at hand evaluates in which order and by which crane the import/export containers should be transported to minimize the makespan and prevent crane interferences. We solve this problem to optimality by a branch-and-cut approach that decomposes the problem into two problem classes and connects them via logic-based Benders constraints. We assess the quality of our solution method in a computational study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	12	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Benders constraints,Branch and cut,Conflict-free crane scheduling,Container terminal
Error analysis of autonomous calibration strategy based on roadheader attitude measurement system 基于掘进机位姿测量系统的自主标定方法误差分析	2018	Meitan Xuebao/Journal of the China Coal Society	2018, Editorial Office of Journal of China Coal Society. All right reserved.In terms of the problems associated with the high precision automatic measurement of attitude and posture parameters of roadheader in narrow heading tunnel,the pose measurement system was firstly introduced systematically,and then the automatic calibration of high precision automatic total station was studied.According to the principle of laser measurement and the characteristics of boring machine,a mathematical adjustment model of total station coordinate and positioning prism coordinate measurement error was developed.The influence of different calibration distances and different measurement distances on the measurement error of pose parameters of cantilever roadheader was simulated by Matlab.The analysis results show that the error of heading direction is relatively large,and the error of attitude angle increases with the increase of measuring distance and calibration distance,and the influence of measuring distance on attitude angle error is more obvious; the maximum measurement error of the attitude angles of boom-type roadheader is the value of course angle,the measurement error is 0.015 7°.The feasibility of autonomous calibration of laser guided system was verified,and a relatively optimal autonomic calibration strategy was proposed,which fully satisfies the requirement accuracy of the attitude and position of roadheader in the current production of coal mine.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Fuel Technology,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous calibration,Matlab,Position and attitude measurement,Roadheader
A Framework for Smart Production-Logistics Systems Based on CPS and Industrial IoT	2018	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) has received increasing attention from both academia and industry. However, several challenges including excessively long waiting time and a serious waste of energy still exist in the IIoT-based integration between production and logistics in job shops. To address these challenges, a framework depicting the mechanism and methodology of smart production-logistics systems is proposed to implement intelligent modeling of key manufacturing resources and investigate self-organizing configuration mechanisms. A data-driven model based on analytical target cascading is developed to implement the self-organizing configuration. A case study based on a Chinese engine manufacturer is presented to validate the feasibility and evaluate the performance of the proposed framework and the developed method. The results show that the manufacturing time and the energy consumption are reduced and the computing time is reasonable. This paper potentially enables manufacturers to deploy IIoT-based applications and improve the efficiency of production-logistics systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	47	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Analytical target cascading,cyber-physical systems (CPSs),industrial internet of things (IIoT),production-logistics,self-organizing configuration
Design of sectional structure of AGV contactless power supply system AGV分段无接触供电系统设计	2018	Dianli Xitong Baohu yu Kongzhi/Power System Protection and Control	2018, Power System Protection and Control Press. All right reserved.In recent years, Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) are used more and more widely in industry. For the problem of pollution and the necessary suspension of battery charging, a sectionalized and contactless power supply system for AGVs is designed. Based on the principle of electromagnetic induction, the system uses power electronic devices to rectify, filter, and invert the primary side of the electric power to supply to the AGV on the secondary side of the track. In addition, power supply lines under the ground are divided into subsections in order to reduce energy waste. Simulation results indicate that the sectionalized and contactless power supply system for AGVs woks efficiently, and this system supplies enough power for AGVs. So it is good to popularize and apply the sectionalized and contactless power supply system for AGVs, which can provide enough power energy for AGVs moving and lifting goods with high power transfer efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV vehicle,Contactless power supply,High power transfer efficiency,Sectionalized power supply
Terrain Classification for Mobile Robots on the Basis of Support Vector Data Description	2018	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	2018, Korean Society for Precision Engineering and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.The ability to detect traversable terrains is essential for autonomous mobile robots to guarantee safe navigation. In this paper, we present a method for terrain classification for wheeled mobile robots. Our scope is limited to mobile service robots that are used for surveillance or delivery in semi-structured urban environments. A reliable terrain detection scheme is required for both indoor and outdoor applications anytime. A low-cost Lidar (Light detection and ranging) is adopted for terrain detection. To deal with intrinsic measurement errors and uncertainties of the Lidar, the classification criteria are trained through a supervised learning approach. Training data are obtained from manual driving at target environments. Various decision boundaries resulted from a variety of floor conditions, sensor types and robot platforms. The proposed terrain classification scheme is experimentally tested in success.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Classification,Mapping,Mobile robot,Obstacle detection,Traversability analysis
Tracking design of an omni-direction autonomous ground vehicle by hierarchical enhancement using fuzzy second-order variable structure control	2018	Journal of Dynamic Systems, Measurement and Control, Transactions of the ASME	Copyright  2018 by ASME.Owing to the hierarchical architecture of the derived model of the omni-direction autonomous ground vehicle (OD-AGV), the virtual desired trajectory (VDT) is first designed by the first switching surface, which is set as the linear dynamic pose error of the OD-AGV. In sequence, the trajectory tracking control (TTC) is designed by the second switching surface, which is the linear dynamic tracking error of the VDT. To deal with nonlinear time-varying uncertainties including system disturbance and different ground conditions, enhanced fuzzy second-order variable structure control (EF2VSC) is designed into both VDT and TTC. Finally, the experiments for tracking the circular trajectories with different curvatures, traveling velocities, and poses of the OD-AGV are presented to validate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed hierarchical enhancement using fuzzy second-order variable structure control (HEF2VSC).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Instrumentation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Enhanced fuzzy second-order variable structure control,Hierarchical control,Omni-direction AGV
Distributed Task Rescheduling with Time Constraints for the Optimization of Total Task Allocations in a Multirobot System	2018	IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics	2013 IEEE.This paper considers the problem of maximizing the number of task allocations in a distributed multirobot system under strict time constraints, where other optimization objectives need also be considered. It builds upon existing distributed task allocation algorithms, extending them with a novel method for maximizing the number of task assignments. The fundamental idea is that a task assignment to a robot has a high cost if its reassignment to another robot creates a feasible time slot for unallocated tasks. Multiple reassignments among networked robots may be required to create a feasible time slot and an upper limit to this number of reassignments can be adjusted according to performance requirements. A simulated rescue scenario with task deadlines and fuel limits is used to demonstrate the performance of the proposed method compared with existing methods, the consensus-based bundle algorithm and the performance impact (PI) algorithm. Starting from existing (PI-generated) solutions, results show up to a 20% increase in task allocations using the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	11	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed task-allocation,multiagent systems,vehicle routing
Energy Constraints in Operation of Autonomous Transit Networks	2018	Proceedings - 2018 Baltic Geodetic Congress, BGC-Geomatics 2018	2018 IEEE.Autonomous Transit Network (ATN) is a public transport mode featuring automated vehicles operating on an elevated track. The quality of vehicle management algorithms, being a function of parameters of network operation, is measured as a time of waiting for a vehicle at a station. Recharging of vehicles creates additional factor which influences the quality of network behaviour. Previous papers analyse energy constraints in small ATN systems, with charging in capacitors or in stations. We propose a systematic analysis of ATN behaviour with energy constraints: more benchmarks are analysed and more charging manners are tested, including contactless power supply on the track. Some anomalies in network operation, resulting in rise of waiting time for cases with better charging possibility, are discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Earth-Surface Processes,Environmental Engineering,Geography, Planning and Development	Intelligent transportation systems Intelligent vehicles Unmanned vehicles,Intelligent transportation systems Transportation Public transportation,Power engineering and energy Energy Energy management
Automatic logistics in a smart factory using RFID-enabled AGVs	2018	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	2018 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used to deliver materials and goods around a factory autonomously. These robots may follow a predetermined path and thus the flexibility is confined. To traverse a factory, some form of information regarding the mapping of the factory is required. Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology shows a promising capability in this field as well as its ability to assist in decision-making. Using a scenario of simulating a factory, three AGVs are presented using a laid-out path based on RFID technology. RFID tags embedded into the path are used for making decisions and to identify the location to achieve automatic logistics. These robots are controlled using an android app through Bluetooth communication. From the testing scenario, it is showed that RFID technology which is important in Industry 4.0 is able to capture the real-time data for automatic logistics in a smart factory.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Software	None
Learning vision based navigation with a smartphone mobile robot	2018	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	2018 IEEE.In this paper we describe a small, low cost autonomous mobile vehicle for learning and research in autonomous vision guided navigation. The vehicle consists of a mobile base that holds a smartphone. The smartphone provides the camera and the computing engine while the mobile base provides the actuators and additional sensors for autonomous interaction with the environment. The smartphone sends actuation commands to the mobile base and receives sensor data from the base over a USB connection. By taking full advantage of the high performance to cost ratio of mass consumer product technology the autonomous mobile robot built in this way lowers the entry barrier for hands-on learning of autonomous vision guided navigation. We illustrate with an example how the robot together with the Android software development environment provides a learning tool for building the complex software needed for today's and tomorrows highly automated machines.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Software	None
Autonomous guided robotic systems in regulating indoor environmental quality	2018	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	2018 IEEE.As the living standard raises, humans start to pay attention to the quality of their life, especially for indoor environmental quality (IEQ). In order to improve the indoor environment, it is a good choice to use the machines like humidifier, air purifier, or air conditioner. However, most of these machines can only improve one specific space, and can only measure the environmental condition closed to them. In this paper, we present an autonomous robotic control system for indoor environmental quality. The system consists of two parts, the sensors separated in the indoor space and the autonomous robots that have the function to improve the environment. Through the sensors, the system evaluates the environmental condition of different space, decides which space needs to be improved first, and finds the best position for the robots to execute regulating environmental condition. For the robots, the system plans a route and navigates them to the target location with obstacle avoidance. The ROBOTICS library for Matlab is used to communicate with the robots through rosserial. Simulation and experiment show the feasible of the system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Software	None
Developing a Self-Powered Enlarging Smart Waste Bin	2018	2018 14th International Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing Conference, IWCMC 2018	2018 IEEE.In a community with everyday growing population, the production of waste also increases which leads to the possibility of overflowing disposal sites. This proposes a worrisome problem to waste management companies as well as people in the community due to the rise in pollution caused by overflowing trash. Apart from pollution, diseases can also easily spread if overflowing waste are left uncollected. The goal of this paper would be to overcome all these difficulties in handling waste through designing a smart waste bin system that is not only cost-effective but also environmental friendly. This particular system would also be able to communicate with waste management companies to take care of the overflowing disposal sites. The system involves the combination of a primary trash bin and an attached expanding auxiliary trash bin. The primary bin will have an ultrasonic sensor attached to its lid which allows it to detect the level of waste within the bin and once it reaches maximum capacity, signal for pick-up will be transmitted to the waste management company. Furthermore, to solve the immediate full capacity issue of the bin, the primary bin encompasses a compactor used to compress trash within the bin before overflowing. Additionally, the auxiliary bin would expand to contain additional waste while waiting for pick-up. The whole system is powered by solar panels attached to the lid of the primary bin, thus making it an environmentally friendly system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Optimization	eco-friendly system,Internet of Things (IOT),self-powered system,Smart cities,smart trash can,Smart waste bin,surveillance system
Design and Implementation of Augmented Reality Unmanned Vehicle	2018	2018 IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics-Taiwan, ICCE-TW 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper uses Arduino Yun on YBB Carriers to set up the server, and then transmits the picture taken by the YBB Car camera to the computer via Wi-Fi, In order to get the location information, we use the computer to progress image processing. After computing, the computer will send command to control the Automatic guide vehicle (AGV). At the same time, the related information will display at the user side. It will help users to get the information of AGV's location even they are not at the presence.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Biomedical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Instrumentation	None
Design and Implementation for a Vision-Guided Wheeled Mobile Robot System	2018	2018 IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics-Taiwan, ICCE-TW 2018	2018 IEEE.A vision-guided wheeled mobile robot system with PID control law is designed and implemented in this paper for the purpose of autonomous following a given lane. Except for motors, the wheeled mobile robot system consists of a self-designed interface controlling this system; a camera for vision-guided purpose; a battery/power module for power supplying, as well as an Arduino board being the system platform. By Wi-Fi, images taking from the camera are transmitted to a computer to process so that enable the robot system to detect the edge of the lane. According to the experimental results shown, the control law can efficiently control this implemented system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Biomedical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Instrumentation	None
Modeling Performance Measurement of Mobile Manipulators	2018	2017 IEEE 7th Annual International Conference on CYBER Technology in Automation, Control, and Intelligent Systems, CYBER 2017	2017 IEEE.Mobile manipulators are being marketed around the world as single manufacturer systems (i.e., robot arm and vehicle manufactured by the same organization) and as independent robot arms, from a different manufacturer and integrated with automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) or mobile robots. Test methods for measuring safety and performance of either of these types of mobile manipulators have yet to be developed and therefore, potential users cannot compare one system to another to match to tasks. Similarly, the control of these systems can vary greatly from AGV control to more autonomous mobile robot control and further, to robot arm control methods. Systems Modeling Language (SysML) is a general-purpose modeling language for systems engineering applications that supports the specification, analysis, design, verification, and validation of simple through complex systems, such as mobile manipulators. This paper uses SysML to describe a method using an artifact for performance measurement of mobile manipulators performing assembly tasks. Uncertainty propagation, a key component in understanding the effects of mobile manipulator constraints, is also modeled and described.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
Vision-based position regulation of differential-drive mobile robots	2018	2018 20th International Symposium on Electrical Apparatus and Technologies, SIELA 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.This paper considers the problem of vision-based stabilization (a stopping maneuver) of nonholonomic differential-drive mobile robots. First, a camera-robot model suitable for control applications is developed. Using a look-ahead approach, a vision-based feedback controller is proposed, which stabilizes the robot at a desired position indicated by a static circular marker on the line to follow. An algorithm for circle detection based on Hough transform is presented for determining the pose of the robot with respect to a detected stopping landmark. Simulation and experimental results illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Bulgaria	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Instrumentation,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	circle detection,differential-drive mobile robots,Hough transform,monocular camera,practical stabilization,vision-based control
Interactive Exploration Assistance for Immersive Virtual Environments Based on Object Visibility and Viewpoint Quality	2018	25th IEEE Conference on Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces, VR 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.During free exploration of an unknown virtual scene, users often miss important parts, leading to incorrect or incomplete environment knowledge and a potential negative impact on performance in later tasks. This is addressed by wayfinding AIDS such as compasses, maps, or trails, and automated exploration schemes such as guided tours. However, these approaches either do not actually ensure exploration success or take away control from the user. Therefore, we present an interactive assistance interface to support exploration that guides users to interesting and unvisited parts of the scene upon request, supplementing their own, free exploration. It is based on an automated analysis of object visibility and viewpoint quality and is therefore applicable to a wide range of scenes without human supervision or manual input. In a user study, we found that the approach improves users' knowledge of the environment, leads to a more complete exploration of the scene, and is also subjectively helpful and easy to use.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Human-Computer Interaction,Modeling and Simulation,Media Technology	Computing methodologies-Computer graphics-Rendering-Visibility,Human-centered computing-Human computer interaction-Interaction paradigms-Virtual reality
Design and Efficiency Mapping of an Electric Drive for Mobile Robotic Container Platform for Use in Industrial Halls	2018	SPEEDAM 2018 - Proceedings: International Symposium on Power Electronics, Electrical Drives, Automation and Motion	2018 IEEE.This article discusses specific design approach to the electric drive used in mobile robotics. The results are shown at the example of autonomous robotic platform, which is considered for use in interoperation logistics in manufacturing. Major technical limitation with the current state of knowledge are still the energy storage systems. Due to their limited specific and volumetric density, combined with higher production cost it is necessary to define critical points for significant energy savings. One of the most significant power consuming parts of mobile robots is its own drive unit. It is necessary to take into consideration every single detail of the electric drive design. From the driving dynamics simulations to the selection of components such as motors, gearboxes and transmission topology so as to achieve the optimal design with high efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Autonomous mobile platform,Control system,Efficiency mapping,Electric drive,Lithium batteries,Measurement and data acquisition
Model Predictive Trajectory Tracking Control of Automated Guided Vehicle in Complex Environments	2018	IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA	2018 IEEE.Autonomous navigation in a real-world industrial environment is in many ways a challenging task. One of the key challenges is rapid collision-free planning and execution of trajectories to reach any target position and orientation with high accuracy, taking into account the limitations of imperfectness of the vehicle. The model prediction-based motion planners have been successfully used in recent years to generate feasible motions for imperfect vehicles. This paper develops and implements a Model Predictive Control (MPC)-based trajectory controller for path tracking problem in narrow corridors. To evaluate the performance of the proposed method, we designed comparative simulations and experiments. We confirm that the proposed MPC-based controller can track the trajectory precisely and smoothly in specific complex environments. In addition, the proposed methodology can also be a suitable solution to other way-point tracking situations for an industrial mobile robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Absolute position coding method for angular sensor—single-track gray codes	2018	Sensors (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Single-track Gray codes (STGCs) is a type of absolute position coding method for novel angular sensors, because it has single-track property over traditional Gray codes and mono-difference over linear feedback shift register codes. However, given that the coding theory of STGCs is incomplete, STGC construction is still a challenging task even though it has been defined for more than 20 years. Published coding theories and results on STGCs are about two types of STGC, namely, necklace and self-dual necklace ordering, which are collectively called as k-spaced head STGCs. To find a new code, three constraints on generating sequences are proposed to accelerate the searching algorithm, and the complete searching result of length-6 STGCs is initially obtained. Among the entire 132 length-6 STGCs, two novel types of STGCs with non-k-spaced heads are found, and the basic structures of these codes with the general length n are proposed and defined as twin-necklace and triplet-necklace ordering STGCs. Furthermore, d-plet-necklace ordering STGC, which unifies all the known STGCs by changing the value of d, is also defined. Finally, a single-track absolute encoder prototype is designed to prove that STGCs are as convenient as the traditional position coding methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Absolute encoder,Absolute position coding,Absolute position sensing,Gray code,Necklace,Single-track Gray code
Manufacturing Data Analysis in Internet of Things/Internet of Data (IoT/IoD) Scenario	2018	Cybernetics and Systems	2017,  2017 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Computer integrated manufacturing (CIM) has enormous benefits as it increases the rate of production, reduces errors and production waste, and streamlines manufacturing sub-systems. However, there are some new challenges related to CIM operating in the Internet of Things/Internet of Data (IoT/IoD) scenarios associated with Industry 4.0 and cyber-physical systems. The main challenge is to deal with the massive volume of data flowing between various CIM components functioning in virtual settings of IoT. This paper proposes decisional DNA-based knowledge representation framework to manage the storage, analysis, and processing of data, information, and knowledge of a typical CIM. The framework utilizes the concept of virtual engineering object and virtual engineering process for developing knowledge models of various CIM components such as automatic storage and retrieval systems, automatic guided vehicles, robots, and numerically controlled machines. The proposed model is capable of capturing in real time the manufacturing data, information and knowledge at every stage of production, that is, at the object level, the process level, and at the factory level. The significance of this study is that it will support decision-making by reusing the experience, which will not only help in effective real-time data monitoring and processing, but also make CIM system intelligent and ready to function in the virtual Industry 4.0 environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	7	Software,Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Decisional DNA,Internet of data,Internet of things,knowledge representation,virtual engineering objects,virtual engineering process
Visual Marker Recognition with Application to Mobile Robot Localization	2018	9th National Conference with International Participation, ELECTRONICA 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.This paper presents an approach for visual marker recognition with application to mobile robot localization. An image captured by an on-board camera is first processed to improve the quality of the image for further recognition of circular markers of different colors. The procedure includes noise reduction and correction of illumination, followed by color segmentation of the markers, based on k-mean clustering. Then the cluster images are processed with regard to identification of the shape, size and position of the marker using Circular Hough Transform. Simulation and experimental results are presented to illustrate the validity of the proposed procedure for circular marker recognition.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Bulgaria	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Circular Hough Transform,color segmentation,k-mean clustering,marker recognition
Maritime container terminal problems	2018	Handbook of Heuristics	Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018. All rights reserved.Maritime container terminals are essential infrastructures in global supply chains. Their high management complexity and heterogeneous processes make them an interesting field to apply heuristics. A brief overview of the main optimization problems found at maritime container terminals and a review of the way they are related to each other are firstly introduced. In order to solve these problems, several heuristics are presented and analyzed. The computational results reveal that they are suitable to be applied in practical scenarios due to the fact that they provide high-quality solutions in short computational times.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Spain	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Container,Heuristics,Logistics,Maritime container terminal
BUGA:Log - A Real-World Laboratory Approach to Designing an Automated Transport System for Goods in Urban Areas	2018	2018 IEEE International Conference on Engineering, Technology and Innovation, ICE/ITMC 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.Trends like re-urbanization and the growing e-commerce market present logistics service providers with unforeseeable challenges. Within this context, autonomous delivery vehicles are often stated to be an innovative solution for urban logistics. This paper introduces the status quo of the research regarding automated transportation and presents the transdisciplinary project BUGA:log that takes a real-world laboratory approach to develop and test autonomous vehicles for last-mile logistics. This project uses the Federal German Garden Show in 2019 and the new housing quarter, which will be built on the venue, as a real-world lab. The approach taken encompasses four dimensions that are applied as a framework, namely, stakeholder/user space, methodological space, creative space and management space. Findings from a qualitative and a quantitative survey show that the social and technological challenges are closely linked.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated transport systems,autonomous vehicles,last-mile logistics,real-world laboratory,transdiciplinary research,urban logistics,user-acceptance
Synthesized Disturbance Observer for Vehicle Lateral Disturbance Rejection	2018	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	2018 AACC.Fast disturbance detection and compensation play an important role in vehicle steering control system. Disturbance observer (DOB) is an effective technique to compensate for the disturbance. However, the design procedure of the DOB requires a stable inverse of the plant and an additional Q filter to guarantee the stability and the robustness to plant uncertainties. Therefore, the design procedure is challenging for the multi-input-multi-output (MIMO) systems, which limits DOB's application in the vehicle steering system. This paper proposes a systematic DOB design framework for the vehicle steering control system. The framework converts the DOB design problem into an equivalent H-infinity optimal control design problem, which is then transformed into a convex optimization problem and can be solved efficiently thereafter. The framework is based on the H-infinity synthesis methodology, which can be easily exploited to include the system uncertainties based on mu synthesis in robust control theory. Complete design procedures and comprehensive simulation analysis are included in this paper. The simulation results validate that the designed DOB can detect and compensate for the disturbance effectively to guarantee the vehicle steering performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Advanced manufacturing systems: supply–demand matching of manufacturing resource based on complex networks and Internet of Things	2018	Enterprise Information Systems	2016,  2016 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.After investigation on the existing advanced manufacturing systems (AMSs), it is found that supply–demand matching of manufacturing resource is one of the common issues to be addressed in all AMSs, and methods for addressing this issue have evolved from P2P (peer-to-peer)-based, to information centre-based, and to platform (or system)-based matching, and are moving towards socialisation and service-based solutions. In order to adapt to this trend, a new method for manufacturing resource supply–demand matching based on complex networks and Internet of Things (IoT) is proposed, and a four-layered architecture for implementing this method is designed. In this method, IoT technology is employed to realise the intelligent perception and accessing of various manufacturing resources and capabilities (MR&C), which enables logical aggregation of various distributed MR&C in the form of services. Then complex networks model and theory are used to realise the efficient manufacturing service management, optimal-allocation, and supply–demand matching. In this article, the specific key technologies for implementing the method are presented, including key technologies for manufacturing service generation and aggregation, manufacturing demand/task management, supply–demand matching of MR&C in the form of services, and value/utility adding based on manufacturing service network (MSN), manufacturing task network (MTN) and manufacturing enterprises collaborative network (ECN).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	31	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management	Advanced manufacturing systems (AMSs),complex network,enterprises collaborative network (ECN),hypernetwork,Internet of Tings (IoT),supply–demand matching
A Preliminary Study of a Cyber Physical System for Industry 4.0: Modelling and Co-Simulation of an AGV for Smart Factories	2018	2018 Workshop on Metrology for Industry 4.0 and IoT, MetroInd 4.0 and IoT 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.In this research, a localization system for a particular Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), namely a Laser Guided Vehicle (LGV), which takes advantage of RSSI data, is described. The vehicle, its sensors and the wireless sensor network are virtualized, in order to provide a software replica of that available in a real factory. A Co-Simulator, composed by two simulation environments, has been implemented: from one hand, Robot Operating System (ROS), the RVIZ and GAZEBO for modeling and simulating the virtual system, and from the other hand, COOJA for reproducing the Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) behavior and RSSI signals. The virtualized LGV in ROS, together with its virtual sensors set, is integrated with the WSN in COOJA, so that localization can be performed by sensor fusion of odometric and RSSI data according to a Kalman Filter approach. The Co-simulator can be used to deploy path-Tracking policies and test them before actual implementation in a Cyber Physical System (CPS) scenario.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Water Science and Technology,Instrumentation	Automated Guided Vehicle,Cyber-Physical System,Industry 4.0,Robot Operating System,Wireless Sensor Network
A disjunctive graph for the Job Shop Problem with Transport and blocking no wait constraints	2018	2018 International Colloquium on Logistics and Supply Chain Management, LOGISTIQUA 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper addresses the scheduling problem of job shop with transport and Blocking no wait constraints. This NP-Hard problem is an extension of the classical job shop problem that take into account transport operations by several robots and the absence of storage space between machines.. The objective is to determine a schedule of machine and transport operations as well as an assignment of robots to transport operations with minimal makespan. The problem can be efficiently modeled by a disjunctive graph and any solution can be fully defined by an orientation of the graph. We formulate the problem by means of a new disjunctive graph. We present a solution representation based on two vectors. We modelized blocking situations and described properties of partial schedule that lead to deadlock situations. The new disjunctive graph and deadlock situations properties served us to develop a greedy heuristics based on priority and avoiding blocking cycle rules. Computational results are reported. This paper is a step forward definition of an efficient approach for the resolution of the job shop problem with several robots and blocking no wait constraints.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Morocco	0	Strategy and Management,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Blocking,Disjunctive Graph,Greedy Heyristics,Job shop Scheduling,no wait,Transport
Application of combined MADM methods as MOORA and PSI for ranking of FMS performance factors	2018	Benchmarking	2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: Due to the increasing demand of customer and competitive market pressure, manufacturing organizations should be modernized in strategies, production operations, processes and its procedures to remain competitive. So, a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) was adopted by the manufacturing system to fight with competitive pressure. The purpose of this paper is to enhance the performance of manufacturing system, with a focus on its factors. Design/methodology/approach: In this research, the ranking of the performance factor of FMSs is done by using multiple attribute decision-making (MADM) methods as multi-objective optimization on the basis of ratio analysis (MOORA) and preference selection index (PSI). Weights of attributes are defined by the AHP method. Findings: Ranking of performance factor is done on the basis of six variables which affect three elements of performance of FMS, i.e. productivity, flexibility and quality. MOORA is applied in three ways such as the ratio-based, reference point and full multiplicative method. In the MOORA method, ranking was done considering weights of attributes and also without it. A PSI method is used to find the best factor among the factors. The results of these methodologies, i.e. MOORA and PSI, are same, i.e. productivity is the primary factor in the manufacturing system. The ranking is validated by the result of different methodology used in this research. Practical implications: This research has evaluated the important factors and performance variables which can enhance the performance of manufacturing organizations. So, the manufacturing persons can focus on these to enhance its performance. Originality/value: Combined MADM methods, i.e. MOORA and PSI methodologies, are used in this paper to deal with the ranking of performance factors of the FMS considering qualitative characteristics. These approaches show the conversion of a qualitative attribute to quantitative attributes by using fuzzy logic.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	4	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management	AHP,Decision making,FMS,MADM,MOORA,PSI
Cutting fluid selection for environmentally conscious design for manufacturing: An integrated theory	2018	AIP Conference Proceedings	2018 Author(s).Cutting fluid is the key source of environmental pollution in each manufacturing process, with most favorable selection of cutting fluid for the environmental conscious design for manufacturing (ECDM) being an essential for reducing the environmental pollution. The objective factors considered for the traditional selection are of two: Cost(C) and quality (Q) but ecological factors also to be considered from the ECDM point of view. The aim of this research is to select the finest cutting fluid which reduces the environmental impact (E), cost(C) and improves the quality (Q). A integrated method consist of analytical hierarchical process with preference selection index methods is proposed. An experimental case study on gear hobbing process is presented to justify the proposed model. The results show that proposed integrated model outperforms the other existing methods and provides optimal cutting fluid for gear hobbing process in green manufacturing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Development of RFID based 2D localization simulation for autonomous guided vehicle tracking in indoor environment	2018	International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Technology	2018 IAEME Publication.The fast pace of technological development urges manufacturers to upgrade their systems to compete with the current industry. Autonomous Guided Vehicle (AGV) is one of the recent trends in the manufacturing. It promotes high efficiency and reduces labor cost to the manufacturer. As an enhancement feature for the AGV, in this paper, simulation of 2D localization for tracking an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) using RFID in an indoor manufacturing environment is presented. The localization techniques are based on measuring the distance using path loss model from RSSI values provided by RFID and coordinates calculation using trilateration algorithm with multiple reference points. The mathematical process is coded in a software to produce a graphical user interface (GUI) based simulation for 2D localization of AGV tracking in indoor environment. Based from the data collected, the results show that the distance is computed experimentally and theoretically resulted average errors of 4.00 % and the AGV locations is measured from the calculated distance using trilateration algorithm. Therefore, the simulation can be enhanced for real time 2D localization of AGV tracking in indoor environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Localization algorithm,RSSI,Trilateration and AGV
Context-aware cloud robotics for material handling in cognitive industrial Internet of Things	2018	IEEE Internet of Things Journal	2017 IEEE.In the context of Industry 4.0, industrial robotics such as automated guided vehicles have drawn increased attention due to their automation capabilities and low cost. With the support of cognitive technologies for industrial Internet of Things (IoT), production processes can be significantly optimized and more intelligent manufacturing can be implemented for smart factories. In this paper, for advanced material handling, a cognitive industrial entity called context-aware cloud robotics (CACR) are introduced and analyzed. Compared with the one-time on-demand delivery, CACR is characterized by two features: 1) context-aware services and 2) effective load balancing. First, the system architecture, advantages, challenges, and applications for CACR are introduced. Then, fundamental functions for material handling are articulated, namely, decisionmaking mechanisms and cloud-enabled simultaneous localization and mapping. Finally, a CACR case study is performed to highlight its energy-efficient and cost-saving material handling capabilities. Simulations indicate the superiority of cognitive industrial IoT and show that using CACR for material handling can significantly improve energy efficiency and save cost.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	40	Signal Processing,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Obstacle prediction for automated guided vehicles based on point clouds measured by a tilted lidar sensor	2018	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.Environment analysis of automatic vehicles needs the detection from 3-D point cloud information. This paper addresses this task when only partial scanning data are available. Our method develops the detection capabilities of autonomous vehicles equipped with 3-D range sensors for navigation purposes. In industrial practice, the safety scanners of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and a localization technology provide an additional possibility to gain 3-D point clouds from planar contour points or low vertical resolution. Based on this data and a suitable evaluation algorithm, intelligence of vehicles can be significantly increased without the need for installation of additional sensors. In this paper, we propose a solution for an obstacle categorization problem for partial point clouds without shape modeling. The approach is tested for a known database, as well as for real-life scenarios. In case of AGVs, real-time run is provided by on-board computers of usual complexity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	17	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	automated guided vehicles,autonomous vehicle,bag of features,keypoint detection,LIDAR,object recognition,point cloud
A novel mobile and hierarchical data transmission architecture for smart factories	2018	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.In a smart factory environment, a much larger amount of data are transmitted in the workshop networks bringing big challenges to data transfer capability and energy usage efficiency. In the workshop, two main networks, i.e., wired/wireless fieldbus networks and wireless sensor networks, are usually used to collect and transmit data separately; thus, this paper proposes a mobile and hierarchical data transmission architecture to integrate these two networks also taking advantages from the existing mobile intelligence in smart factories, such as automatic guided vehicles (AGVs), to implement a novel data and materials delivery scheme well suited for modern industrial wireless sensor networks (IWSNs). Simulation experiments demonstrated how the proposed approach, running within the IWSN, significantly increases data delivery efficiency along with achieving better energy usage, by 4 times, with respect to the separated networks without any mobile intelligence support.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Industrial wireless sensor networks (IWSNs),mobile intelligence,smart factory,wired/wireless fieldbus networks (WFNs)
Design and manufacturing of mecanum wheel for omnidirectional robot	2018	International Journal of Mechanical and Production Engineering Research and Development	TJPRC Pvt. Ltd.The present automobile industries need execution of industrial robots due to standard in mass and batch size production of the vehicle. Design of Omnidirectional vehicles is now a traditional way in automobiles sectors. The operating advantage of this kind of vehicle is on any kind of surface such as a rough, smooth, flat and curved surface. A vehicle has the potential to get omnidirectional, if it operated on mecanum wheel. By providing the omnidirectional ability vehicle have moving flexibility that such type of vehicle can work in any internal and external application. In present paper design and manufacturing of mecanum wheel for omnidirection vehicle has been presented. Different design and fabrication steps are discussed. The proposed model of mecanum wheel is used for transportation purpose. The cost was the major fraction for manufacturing of wheel so in present work Teflon material I used in the manufacturing of roller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Mecanum wheel & autonomous system,Omni-directional mobile robot
A Novel Omnidirectional Mobile Robot with Wheels Connected by Passive Sliding Joints	2018	IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics	1996-2012 IEEE.Mobile robots for automatically transporting products in factories and warehouses contribute to an increase in efficiency. Omnidirectional mobile robots can move immediately in an arbitrary direction and overcome the disadvantages of lack of mobility in conventional mobile robots. However, the omnidirectional mobile robots proposed in the past have not been as reliable as the conventional mobile robots, such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs) due to their complicated wheel mechanisms. This paper proposes a novel omnidirectional mobile robot named slidable-wheeled omnidirectional mobile robot (SWOM), which has three wheels that connect to the robot body by three passive sliding joints. The relative movements of the sliding joints allow SWOM to use conventional wheels. Thus, SWOM realizes both omnidirectional mobility and structural reliability. In this paper, we discuss the kinematic conditions for omnidirectional mobile robots and prove theoretically that SWOM can achieve omnidirectional movement. We present a kinematic analysis, a reachable region evaluation considering the limited movable range of the sliding joints, and trajectory generation that enables SWOM to move unlimitedly. We develop a prototype of SWOM and conduct experiments that show SWOM actually moves according to the theory. From above, we verify the effectiveness of SWOM as an omnidirectional mobile robot.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Mobile robot kinematics,mobile robots,motion analysis
A Motion Artifact Reduction Method in Cerebrovascular DSA Sequence Images	2018	International Journal of Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence	2018 World Scientific Publishing Company.Digital Subtraction Angiography (DSA) can be used for diagnosing the pathologies of vascular system including systemic vascular disease, coronary heart disease, arrhythmia, valvular disease and congenital heart disease. Previous studies have provided some image enhancement algorithms for DSA images. However, these studies are not suitable for automated processes in huge amounts of data. Furthermore, few algorithms solved the problems of image contrast corruption after artifact removal. In this paper, we propose a fully automatic method for cerebrovascular DSA sequence images artifact removal based on rigid registration and guided filter. The guided filtering method is applied to fuse the original DSA image and registered DSA image, the results of which preserve clear vessel boundary from the original DSA image and remove the artifacts by the registered procedure. The experimental evaluation with 40 DSA sequence images shows that the proposed method increases the contrast index by 24.1% for improving the quality of DSA images compared with other image enhancement methods, and can be implemented as a fully automatic procedure.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Digital subtraction angiography,fully automatic,guided filter,rigid registration,vessel enhancement
Robust Distributed Predictive Control of Waterborne AGVs - A Cooperative and Cost-Effective Approach	2018	IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics	2013 IEEE.Waterborne autonomous guided vessels (waterborne AGVs) moving over open waters experience environmental uncertainties. This paper proposes a novel cost-effective robust distributed control approach for waterborne AGVs. The overall system is uncertain and has independent subsystem dynamics but coupling objectives and state constraints. Waterborne AGVs determine their actions in a parallel way, while still minimizing an overall cost function and respecting coupling constraints robustly by communicating within a neighborhood. Our first contribution is the proposal of the system robustness level for the cost-effective robust distributed model predictive control (RDMPC) for waterborne AGVs. Cost-effective RDMPC models the price of robustness by explicitly considering uncertainty and system characteristics in a tube-based robust control framework. The second contribution is an efficient integrated branch bound (BB) and the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMMs) algorithm for solving the cost-effective RDMPC problem. The algorithm exploits special ordered variable sets and combining branching criteria with intermediate ADMM results conducting smart search in BB. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach for cooperative distributed waterborne AGVs with cost-effective robustness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	12	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Branch & bound (B&B),cooperative waterborne autonomous guided vessels (waterborne AGVs),cost-effective robustness,distributed model predictive control,the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMMs)
Calibration of mobile manipulators using 2D positional features	2018	Measurement: Journal of the International Measurement Confederation	2018 Elsevier LtdRobotic manipulators are increasingly being attached to Automatic Ground Vehicles (AGVs) to aid in the efficiency of assembly for manufacturing systems. However, calibrating these mobile manipulators is difficult as the offset between the robotic manipulator and the AGV is often unknown. This paper provides a novel, simple, and low-cost method for calibrating and measuring the performance of mobile manipulators by using data collected from a laser retroreflector that digitally detects the horizontal two-dimensional (2D) position of reflectors on an artifact as well as a navigation system that provides the heading angle and 2D position of the AGV. The method is mathematically presented by providing a closed form solution to the positional component of the 2D robot-world/hand-eye calibration problem AX=YB. The method is then applied to simulated data as well as data collected in a laboratory setting and compared to other methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Closed form solution,Pose,Registration,Robot-world/hand-eye calibration,Sensor calibration
Chaotic metaheuristic algorithms for learning and reproduction of robot motion trajectories	2018	Neural Computing and Applications	2016, The Natural Computing Applications Forum.Most of today’s mobile robots operate in controlled environments prone to various unpredictable conditions. Programming or reprogramming of such systems is time-consuming and requires significant efforts by number of experts. One of the solutions to this problem is to enable the robot to learn from human teacher through demonstrations or observations. This paper presents novel approach that integrates Learning from Demonstrations methodology and chaotic bioinspired optimization algorithms for reproduction of desired motion trajectories. Demonstrations of the different trajectories to reproduce are gathered by human teacher while teleoperating the mobile robot in working environment. The learning (optimization) goal is to produce such sequence of mobile robot actuator commands that generate minimal error in the final robot pose. Four different chaotic methods are implemented, namely chaotic Bat Algorithm, chaotic Firefly Algorithm, chaotic Accelerated Particle Swarm Optimization and newly developed chaotic Grey Wolf Optimizer (CGWO). In order to determine the best map for CGWO, this algorithm is tested on ten benchmark problems using ten well-known chaotic maps. Simulations compare aforementioned algorithms in reproduction of two complex motion trajectories with different length and shape. Moreover, these tests include variation of population in swarm and demonstration examples. Real-world experiment on a nonholonomic mobile robot in indoor environment proves the applicability of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	9	Software,Artificial Intelligence	Bat Algorithm,Bioinspired algorithms,Chaos,Firefly Algorithm,Grey Wolf Optimizer,Learning from Demonstration,Metaheuristic optimization,Mobile robot,Particle Swarm Optimization
Exploring the speed limit of toehold exchange with a cartwheeling DNA acrobat	2018	Nature Nanotechnology	2018, The Author(s).Dynamic DNA nanotechnology has yielded nontrivial autonomous behaviours such as stimulus-guided locomotion, computation and programmable molecular assembly. Despite these successes, DNA-based nanomachines suffer from slow kinetics, requiring several minutes or longer to carry out a handful of operations. Here, we pursue the speed limit of an important class of reactions in DNA nanotechnology—toehold exchange—through the single-molecule optimization of a novel class of DNA walker that undergoes cartwheeling movements over a field of complementary oligonucleotides. After optimizing this DNA ‘acrobat’ for rapid movement, we measure a stepping rate constant approaching 1 s−1, which is 10- to 100-fold faster than prior DNA walkers. Finally, we use single-particle tracking to demonstrate movement of the walker over hundreds of nanometres within 10 min, in quantitative agreement with predictions from stepping kinetics. These results suggest that substantial improvements in the operating rates of broad classes of DNA nanomachines utilizing strand displacement are possible.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	33	Bioengineering,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Biomedical Engineering,Materials Science (all),Condensed Matter Physics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Robotic data collection and simulation for evaluation of building retrofit performance	2018	Automation in Construction	2018 Elsevier B.V.Building engineers need access to real-time data to make retrofit decisions or improve the energy performance of the building occupants. Such data is typically gathered with the help of fixed wired and/or wireless sensors. Such a process consumes a significant amount of time, effort, and financial resources, particularly in existing buildings which do not have a Building Automation Systems (BAS) installed. This paper introduces a framework that uses autonomous mobile indoor robots for gathering actionable building information in real-time, and discusses how this information can be further utilized for various analyses and critical decision-making. The navigation and drift correction algorithms developed for autonomous robot operation are described in detail. Experimental results demonstrate the feasibility and applicability of the proposed method in large areas using only a sparse set of sensors mounted on mobile indoor robots. This research also developed a generic framework for making informed retrofit decisions with the help of robot collected data. A case study is performed to demonstrate the informed retrofit decision making process with the help of temperature data collected by a robot and subsequently used in an EnergyPlus simulation. Simulated annual energy savings of 3% were obtained by slightly modifying the R-values (20% to 45% improvement) of one of the external wall assemblies. These savings are expected to be larger if whole building retrofit and upgrade of material is performed. Thus, the proposed framework offers promise in improving the energy efficiency by extending the approach to other combinations of building materials (e.g. doors and windows).	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	16	Control and Systems Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction	Ambient data collection,Autonomous indoor robots,Building energy retrofit,Indoor localization and navigation
A multi-objective differential evolution algorithm for parallel batch processing machine scheduling considering electricity consumption cost	2018	Computers and Operations Research	2018 Elsevier LtdThe manufacturing industry consumes massive amounts of energy and produces great numbers of greenhouse gases every year. Recently, an increasing attention has been paid to the energy efficiency of the manufacturing industry. This paper considers a parallel batch processing machine (BPM) scheduling problem in the presence of dynamic job arrivals and a time-of-use pricing scheme. The objective is to simultaneously minimize makespan, a measure of production efficiency and minimize total electricity cost (TEC), an indicator for environmental sustainability. A BPM is capable of processing multiple jobs at a time, which has wide applications in many manufacturing industries such as electronics manufacturing facilities and steel-making plants. We formulate this problem as a mixed integer programming model. Considering the problem is strongly NP-hard, a multi-objective differential evolution algorithm is proposed for effectively solving the problem at large scale. The performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated by comparing it to the well-known NSGA-II algorithm and another multi-objective optimization algorithm AMGA. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm performs better than NSGA-II and AMGA in terms of solution quality and distribution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	20	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Batch processing machines,Differential evolution algorithm,Multi-objective optimization,Sustainable scheduling,Total electricity cost
Obstacle Avoidance Navigation Algorithm and Analog Experiment for Wheeled AGV Running along Vineyard Ridge Road 轮式AGV沿葡萄园垄道行驶避障导航算法与模拟试验	2018	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2018, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.Aiming at the problem of obstacles threat for wheeled AGV tracking along a vineyard ridge road, based on distance measurement and heading angle detection, rolling optimization principle was used to propose an anti-collision obstacle avoidance navigation algorithm of wheeled AGV. Cross-arranged 8-way ultrasonic sensors were used to detect the boundaries of the ridge road and obstacles on the ridge road. The same obstacle matching, obstacle type criterion and trajectory prediction model of dynamic obstacle were put forward. The AGV lateral position deviation and heading deviation angle were used as inputs of fuzzy controller to obtain expected guidance angle of AGV front wheel, which provided a referenced heading angle for wheeled AGV to bypass obstacles. Based on the rolling optimization principle, the obstacle avoidance navigation strategies of adjusting heading deviation angle and vehicle speed were proposed, and the AGV navigation algorithm of bypassing static obstacles, avoiding dynamic obstacles by deceleration or parking of AGV were designed. The software of LabVIEW was used to develop the obstacle avoidance navigation algorithm program, and navigation data was sent to the PLC to control AGV steering in real-time. Simulation experiments showed that the navigation algorithm can make the AGV track with the mode of deviation rectification along preset path of ridge road, which can guide the AGV to avoid collision with obstacles on the ridge road, which verified the effectiveness of the navigation algorithms. It can provide a reference for anti-collision warning and obstacle avoidance technology of front-wheel guided vehicle like unmanned wheeled tractor to track along a ridge road.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Obstacle avoidance algorithm,Prediction control,Rolling optimization principle,Tracking navigation,Wheeled AGV
Impact of rooftop photovoltaics and centralized energy storage on the design and operation of a residential CHP system	2018	Applied Energy	2018 Elsevier LtdWith expected further increases in renewable generation, researchers have been investigating energy storage as a means to improve grid resiliency and harness renewable resources. Energy storage has the potential to both shift renewable generation in time and level peaks in demand. In this paper, we study the impact of centralized energy storage and rooftop photovoltaics on the design and operation of a natural-gas powered Combined Heat and Power (CHP) plant as an integrated utility supplier for a residential neighborhood operating in island mode. Utilizing a novel simultaneous optimization approach for the plant design and operating strategy, the CHP plant is optimized to meet a time-dependent energy demand profile characteristic of residential energy use. This multi-scale optimization problem is solved using a tailored bilevel decomposition method. The results reveal the most economic energy storage method, while highlighting the need to decrease the cost of rooftop photovoltaic panels.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	8	Building and Construction,Energy (all),Mechanical Engineering,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Combined heat & power (CHP) plant,Energy storage,Residential energy,Simultaneous optimization of design and operation,Solar power
Construction of practice teaching system for vehicle engineering specialty based on the integration of asynchronous distance education model	2018	Proceedings - 2018 International Conference on Robots and Intelligent System, ICRIS 2018	2018 IEEE.Distance education model has been applied more and more frequently to a variety of vehicle engineering specialties and has brought tremendous technological advances in the distance education for the aspect of vehicle engineering specialty to the corresponding colleges and universities. However, the operating effect of the practice teaching system for the vehicle engineering specialty has not been ideal due to the incompleteness in its own content effect and the different characteristics of its content information processing from the general information processing. To this end, a kind of construction method for the practice teaching system for the vehicle engineering specialty based on the integration of the asynchronous distance education model is put forward in this paper to improve the skills of the students in the vehicle engineering specialty. The experimental results show that this model has provided a new model and concept for the practice teaching and the training of the innovative talents in the vehicle engineering specialty.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Media Technology,Computer Science Applications	Asynchronous distance education model,Construction of practice teaching system,Reform and innovation,Vehicle engineering specialty
The comparison between FTF-VO and MF-VO for high accuracy mobile robot localization	2018	Proceedings - 2018 International Conference on Robots and Intelligent System, ICRIS 2018	2018 IEEE.In this paper, we design and develop two SLAM (simultaneous localization and mapping) methods: FTF-VO (frame-to-frame visual odometry) and MF-VO (multi-frame visual odometry) for robotic localization based on stereo cameras. In both VO methods, we proposed an ARFM-based 3D reconstruction method and calculated the position of the camera using PNP, after that BA (bundle adjustment) can be used to optimize the final camera position. We tested FTF-VO and MF-VO using KITTI dataset, with BA and without BA respectively. The result demonstrates that MF-VO with BA has the highest precision so that it is suitable for the scenarios requiring high precision. Compared with FTF-VO with BA, MF-VO achieves better localization precision while requires less running time, so FTF-VO with BA is recommended for medium localization precision. FTF-VO is the best choice for low precision.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Media Technology,Computer Science Applications	3D reconstruction,Bundle adjustment,Feature matching,Vision simultaneous localization and mapping,Visual odometry
Graphical Modeling and Analysis Software for State Space-Based Optimization of Discrete Event Systems	2018	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.In view of the particular research objectives rather than the system's characteristics, almost all systems can be discretized regardless of original continuous or discrete pattern. Modeling oriented to discrete-event system (DES) represents the dynamics of a system as a series of discrete events that perform changes in the state of the system, constituting the state space which supports the further analysis for scheduling and optimization. In this paper, the graphical modeling and analysis software (GMAS) as a platform for modeling DES is introduced with the basic notions and a general perspective on the systems approach. It clearly provides the graphic modeling and analysis interface. Besides, the system evolution process is recorded and represented by state space, transforming the optimization problem into a search-based issue in the reachability tree of finding the optimal or near-optimal sequence of function component activations from some initial state to the goal state. To validate its efficacy and practicability, a causal encounter model of traffic collision avoidance system operations is proposed in the GMAS formalism. The model has been proved to not only provide a better comprehension of the potential collision occurrences for risk assessment by representing the cause-effect relationship of each action but also aid the crews in the involved aircraft to make a cooperative and optimal option.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	discrete events,GMAS,optimization problem,potential induced collisions,state space
Design of automatic handling robot control system	2018	Proceedings of the 30th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2018	2018 IEEE.In order to improve the efficiency of cargo handling and reduce the labor intensity of human beings, a handling robot system that can recognize ribbons, recognize signposts and automatically charge is designed. The core of control system is based on the server and the basic controller. The optical reading head senses the position of the robot. The servo motor provides the power for the robot to walk. The jacking motor assists the robot to handling the goods. The fuzzy control method is used to control the differential steering of the robot's two-wheel. The experimental results indicate that the control system is stable, safe and reliable, and it has good control performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	Automatic Handling,Fuzzy Control,Ribbon Identification
Design of Automatic Guided Vehicle Motion Control System Based on Magnetic Navigation	2018	Proceedings of the 30th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2018	2018 IEEE.With the development of manufacturing industry, traditional modes of production and transportation can't satisfy the current logistic demands gradually. So the intelligent technology in warehouse storage is highly needed. To solve this problem, this paper designs an automatic guided vehicle(AGV) based on magnetic guidance which is a key section in intelligent warehouse. On the basic of its tasks, the whole system is divided into five parts, namely, AGV body, AGV guide rail, AGV controller, network communication elements and upper computer monitoring software. The AGV run reliably on the guide rail under the control of controller, and the upper computer monitors the motion states of AGV. All the modules communicate through the network communication elements. The system designed in this paper has higher efficiency and safer workplace than traditional schemes.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	AGV,Modular Design,Motion Control,Scheduling Algorithm
Localization-based distributed control for large discrete-event systems under partial observation	2018	Proceedings of the 30th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2018	2018 IEEE.Recently we developed partial-observation supervisor localization, a top-down approach to distributed con-trol of discrete-event systems (DES) under partial observation. Its essence is the decomposition of the partial-observation monolithic supervisor into partial-observation local controllers for individual controllable events. In this paper we extend the partial-observation supervisor localization to large-scale DES, for which the monolithic supervisor may be incom-putable. Specifically, we first employ an efficient heterarchical supervisor synthesis procedure to compute a heterarchical array of partial-observation decentralized supervisors and partial-observation coordinators. Then we localize each of these supervisors/coordinators into partial-observation local controllers. This procedure suggests a systematic approach to the distributed control of large-scale DES under partial observation. The results are illustrated by a system of automatic guided vehicles (AGV) serving a manufacturing workcell.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	automata,Discrete-event systems,partial observation,supervisor localization,supervisory control
Lane keeping control on Mecanum wheeled omnidirectional vehicles using laser scanner	2018	Proceedings of the 30th Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2018	2018 IEEE.In recent years, there is a strong demand for automated guided vehicles in many fields such as manufacturing or studying and a variety of omnidirectional vehicle systems has been developed for these purposes, which includes the Mecanum-wheel vehicles. In the meantime, identifying the environment by laser scanner has increasingly become an efficient solution for robotic recognition. In order to implement an intelligent vehicle for industrial environment, a lane keeping method for Mecanum wheeled Omni-directional vehicles is proposed in this paper. We first design a LQR controller for the omnidirectional vehicle motion control. After that, a laser scanner is used to sense the lane for the vehicle. In the aspect of algorithm, a set of waypoints is used to determine the heading direction of the vehicle when cornering and a PID controller is designed to keep the vehicle in the detected lane when it is passing a relatively straight lane. The simulation experiment shows that the omnidirectional platform tracking system has a good response by using PID control. Finally, experimental result shows that the real vehicle can track the desired trajectory rapidly and smoothly, and the vehicle meanwhile is constrained in the lane in the whole process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	lane keeping control,laser scanner,Mecanum wheel,omnidirectional vehicle
An intelligent dining scene experience	2018	26th IEEE Signal Processing and Communications Applications Conference, SIU 2018	2018 IEEE.We present an interactive Mixed Reality (MR) system that merges an automatic image classification framework with 3D visualization of desired scenes for enhanced meal experience. The system is designed for Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality (AR/VR) glasses and provides an automatic scene selection scheme guided by actual food on the table and user's preliminary choices. First, Deep Neural Network (D-NN) based image classification framework recognizes food type from the image captured by AR/VR glasses. Later, 3D MR visualization framework combines real image of dining table with 3D generated scenes to display on the glasses in real-time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing	Automatic scene visualization,Enhanced meal experience,Food image recognition
Android based PLC data monitoring interface with industrial data communication port Endüstriyel veri haberleşme portu ile android tabanli PLC veri izleme arayüzü	2018	26th IEEE Signal Processing and Communications Applications Conference, SIU 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper introduces design and implementation of Android-based monitoring of PLC (Programmable Logic Controller) digital and analog inputs and / or outputs with using communication port which is widely used in the industry. Inputs / outputs data is transferred to the designed embedded system board using industrial communication port RS-485. Bluetooth hardware and software are used to communicate with the Android mobile device. This data is viewed on designed low-cost system in real-time without cable. In this direction, the operator panel that gives data to the user with the working PLC in the industrial will be redundant and benefit from place and cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing	Android,Arduino,Bluetooth,MODBUS,PLC,RS-485
The multi-route location-routing problem and zone price decision-making using a tabu and variable neighborhood search algorithm	2018	Journal of Industrial and Production Engineering	2018,  2018 Chinese Institute of Industrial Engineers.Zone pricing is one of the most important pricing policies that are prevalently used by very companies. This paper considers integrating zone pricing and location-routing problems for profit maximization. Hence, a node-based model is proposed as mixed integer nonlinear programming to solve the problem. In order to handle the nonlinearity elements and change the model to a mixed integer linear programming, a piecewise linearization method is employed to approximate the problem. Moreover, we introduce a new heuristic variable neighborhood search (VNS) and tabu search algorithm for large-scale problems. The proposed algorithms consist of four intra-tour and seven inter-tour operators in its local search. Finally, some test instances with 20, 200, 400, and 600 nodes are solved and the results of them confirm the efficiency of the proposed algorithms and comparative superiority of the VNS algorithm over the tabu search algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Location-routing problem,pricing,tabu search algorithm,variable neighborhood search algorithm,zone pricing
Foreign markets expansion for air medical transport business	2018	Journal of the Operational Research Society	Operational Research Society 2017.Air medical transport has gained increasing popularity in modern society. However, the global market of this industry has not been fully explored either in theory or in practice. This research assesses the medical aviation market and identifies the most suitable regions for a private air transport company to expand its business on a global scale. We combine the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and the grey number (GN) theorem to analyse the potential foreign market. Compared with conventional methods, the proposed model mitigates the adverse effects of uncertainty while providing a practical approach that considers managements subjective judgements. The integrated model is comprehensive and flexible for assessing the demand for air medical service in different parts of the world. In addition to the air jet service industry, the GN-AHP model can be generalised to evaluate many other markets and industries.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	Analytic hierarchy process,Global market expansion,Grey number,Location,Multi-criteria decision-making,Uncertain environment
Vision Based Object Tracking Firing System	2018	Proceedings - 2018 4th International Conference on Computing, Communication Control and Automation, ICCUBEA 2018	2018 IEEE.Fundamentally weapon is something that can use to overcome danger situation where there is a risk of life. Improvement of weapons is progressively done with growing innovation. The specialists are hustling to create innovation terminating framework for security intrigue that can be put in defensively covered vehicle. This paper proposed an well-equipped system together of Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) and firing system. A proposed firing system is able to follow the direction of motion of target wherever they move. As this tracking and firing system is placed on AGV, which can be controlled wirelessly by person sitting at one place. AGV an unmanned battery car can increased automation in almost all field of industry. Tracking and detection for unauthorized person done from one fixed place is not so beneficial as compared to proposed tracking and firing system built on moving platform. This collaborative security model reduces the risk of human life and form intelligent solution for defense.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Moving Object Detection and Tracking,Vision System
Link Impairments for Wireless LANs in Factory Environments	2018	International Symposium on Wireless Personal Multimedia Communications, WPMC	2018 IEEE.This paper describes behavior of burst packet loss and noise properties measured at several factories in operation to clarify factors of link impairments in the manufacturing sites. In the burst packet-loss analysis for the environment surrounding large-metal objects, random and burst components are evaluated and burst packet loss is found to be dominant for interruption of communications in the range from several tens of milliseconds to several hundreds of milliseconds. Noise measurement reveals that narrow-band emissions from inverters and wide-band emissions from spot welding and automated guided vehicles exist up to 1GHz.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Human-Computer Interaction	factory IoT,industry connection,noise,wireless communication internet of things,wireless propagation
Color decision system based on deep learning and fuzzy inference system	2018	Proceedings - 2018 Joint 10th International Conference on Soft Computing and Intelligent Systems and 19th International Symposium on Advanced Intelligent Systems, SCIS-ISIS 2018	2018 IEEE.Autonomous driving system has become a hot issue. Similar to autonomous driving system, Autonomous Guided Vehicle (AGV) works in industry field. It is controlled by its autonomous driving system. This system detects the driving environment by using sensors such as vision sensor, laser sensor, ultrasonic sensor and so on. Among these sensors, vision sensor can obtain various kinds of the information of the environment. In an image, which is captured by vision sensor, the environment is represented by its color, shape and so on. Vision-AGV where vision sensor is mounted can be controlled by the colorful sign like the traffic light. To recognize the sign for controlling the AGV, it is necessary to detect the sign and analyze the meaning of the this sign. Faster Regions with Convolutional Neural Network features (Faster R-CNN) is applied to detect the sign. To analyze the meaning of the color sign, RGB color space, which is well known and consists of primary colors, can be used. However, it is difficult to analyze the color sign by using only RGB color space. Therefore, the proposed method is designed for detecting and recognizing the color of the sign with CIE L∗a∗b∗ color space. To improve the effect of the analysis, RGB and CIE L∗a∗b∗ color space are combined. Based on RGB, CIE L∗a∗b∗ and Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR), the color of the region which is extracted by Faster R-CNN is determined by the fuzzy inference system. As experimental results, the proposed method can detect the sign and analyze the color of this sign.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Human-Computer Interaction,Logic,Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Theoretical Computer Science	Color Decision System,Deep Learning,Fuzzy Inference System,Image Processing,Peak Signal-to-noise Ratio
Study on State-of-the-art Cloud Services Integration Capabilities with Autonomous Ground Vehicles	2018	IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference	2018 IEEE.Computing and intelligence are substantial requirements for the accurate performance of autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs). In this context, the use of cloud services in addition to onboard computers enhances computing and intelligence capabilities of AGVs. In addition, the vast amount of data processed in a cloud system contributes to overall performance and capabilities of the onboard system. This research study entails a qualitative analysis to gather insights on the applicability of the leading cloud service providers in AGV operations. These services include Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, and IBM Cloud. The study begins with a brief review of AGV technical requirements that are necessary to determine the rationale for identifying the most suitable cloud service. The qualitative analysis studies and addresses the applicability of the cloud service over the proposed generalized AGV's architecture integration, performance, and manageability. Our findings conclude that a generalized AGV architecture can be supported by state-of-the-art cloud service, but there should be a clear line of separation between the primary and secondary computing needs. Moreover, our results show significant lags while using cloud services and preventing their use in real-time AGV operation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	autonomous ground vehicles,cloud computing,intelligent transportation systems,vehicular computing
Fusing Sonars and LRF Data to Glass Detection for Robotics Navigation	2018	2018 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, ROBIO 2018	2018 IEEE.Identifying and detecting glass is an important part of robotic safety at office conditions. Existing glass detection algorithms rely on high-cost lidars or ultrasonic rings. We propose an efficient and simple algorithm to detect glass based on sensor fusion of ultrasound sensors and laser scanners data that can adapts to all kinds of lidars. Combine the glass detection results with gmapping algorithm to generate a more accurate map, the maximum connected domain algorithm used to remove noise from the map. We tested the glass detection algorithm on the robot platform. Experiments showed that about 93 % of the glass can be detected correctly.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Biotechnology,Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Street object classification via LIDARs with only a single or a few layers	2018	IEEE 3rd International Conference on Image Processing, Applications and Systems, IPAS 2018	2018 IEEE.LIDAR sensors are part of the sensor system of several intelligent vehicles and transportation systems providing both object and free-space detection capabilities. In this paper a recognition method is proposed for LIDARs with only a few detection planes. Our method is especially useful in the case when angular resolution of the scan is sufficient, but in the vertical direction the planes are far from each other. The proposed method uses new features including Fourier based descriptor, deep learning classification and exploits additional 3D information if it is available. We tested the method on ten thousands of samples from a large public database. This paper gives an effective solution for a hard problem of LIDAR based recognition problems, namely the far-object detection in case of mobile LIDARs of limited or poor vertical resolution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	1	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Intelligent vehicles,LIDAR,recognition
Routing Driverless Transport Vehicles in Car Assembly with Answer Set Programming	2018	Theory and Practice of Logic Programming	Copyright  Cambridge University Press 2018.Automated storage and retrieval systems are principal components of modern production and warehouse facilities. In particular, automated guided vehicles nowadays substitute human-operated pallet trucks in transporting production materials between storage locations and assembly stations. While low-level control systems take care of navigating such driverless vehicles along programmed routes and avoid collisions even under unforeseen circumstances, in the common case of multiple vehicles sharing the same operation area, the problem remains how to set up routes such that a collection of transport tasks is accomplished most effectively. We address this prevalent problem in the context of car assembly at Mercedes-Benz Ludwigsfelde GmbH, a large-scale producer of commercial vehicles, where routes for automated guided vehicles used in the production process have traditionally been hand-coded by human engineers. Such ad-hoc methods may suffice as long as a running production process remains in place, while any change in the factory layout or production targets necessitates tedious manual reconfiguration, not to mention the missing portability between different production plants. Unlike this, we propose a declarative approach based on Answer Set Programming to optimize the routes taken by automated guided vehicles for accomplishing transport tasks. The advantages include a transparent and executable problem formalization, provable optimality of routes relative to objective criteria, as well as elaboration tolerance towards particular factory layouts and production targets. Moreover, we demonstrate that our approach is efficient enough to deal with the transport tasks evolving in realistic production processes at the car factory of Mercedes-Benz Ludwigsfelde GmbH.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Hardware and Architecture,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	answer set programming,automated guided vehicle routing,car assembly operations
Path and speed optimization for conflict-free pickup and delivery under time windows	2018	Transportation Science	2017 INFORMS.This article introduces a variant of the conflict-free pickup and delivery problem with time windows in which speeds can be regulated. The problem arises in several areas of transportation and logistics including routing and scheduling of automated guided vehicles in port terminals and coordination of unmanned aerial vehicles in controlled airspace. A particular aspect of this problem is that at most one vehicle can traverse an arc of the transportation network at any time. The problem studied in this paper is to determine the vehicle paths and speeds on each arc of the path in such a way that no conflicts arise, the time windows are met, and the total energy consumption is minimized. Abranch-and-bound algorithm is described in which a lower bound is obtained by solving a separable nonlinear problem in quadratic time. If the solution of the relaxation is not conflict free, a set of space-based and time-based branching constraints are generated to resolve the detected conflicts. Computational experiments show that, when compared with a state-of-the-art approach, the proposed method is able to generate a larger number of feasible solutions (42% on average) and reduce the computation time by an order of magnitude. Moreover, the approach results in an average energy savings of around 70%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	5	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Conflict-free routing,Pickup and delivery,Speed optimization
Design of knapsack AGV robot based magnetic navigation deviation control system 背负式磁导航AGV纠偏控制系统设计	2018	Gaojishu Tongxin/Chinese High Technology Letters	2018, Executive Office of the Journal. All right reserved.In order to solve the problem of autonomous navigation in AGV (automated guided vehicle) running process, a kind of open architecture CNC system is designed based on the modular design idea, and the AGV system is adopted. Using the sensor to detect the position of the AGV and the surrounding obstacles, and combining with the differential algorithm based on the error correction algorithm, the running route of AGV is monitored in real time. The upper and lower computers are composed of industrial tablet and motion control card. Upper computer software manipulating AGV through human-computer interface is coded by Visual C++, AGV in the correct path of safety guarantee the operation. The performance test shows that the control system adopted in this paper can make knapsack AGV robot move steadily. The designed control system is valuable.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Control system,Modularization,Rectification algorithm
Bi-objective optimization of a job shop with two types of failures for the operating machines that use automated guided vehicles	2018	Reliability Engineering and System Safety	2018 Elsevier LtdReliability of machinery and equipment in flexible manufacturing systems are among the most important issues to reduce production costs and to increase efficiency. This paper investigates the reliability of machinery in job shop production systems, where materials, parts, and other production needs are handled by automated guided vehicles (AGV). The failures time of the parallel machines in a given shop follow either an exponential or a Weibull distribution. As there is no closed-form equation to calculate the reliability of the shop in the Weibull case, a simulation approach is taken in this paper to estimate the reliability. Then, a bi-objective nonlinear optimization model is developed for the problem under investigation to maximize shop reliability as well as to minimize production time, simultaneously. In order to assess the efficacy of the proposed model, some random instances are generated, based on which two meta-heuristic algorithms called non-dominated sorting cuckoo search (NSCS) and multi-objective teaching–learning-based optimization (MOTLBO) are designed. Finally, to evaluate and compare the effectiveness of the proposed solution algorithms, an efficient solution AHP-TOPSIS technique is utilized.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	4	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AHP-TOPSIS,Automated guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing systems,MOTLBO,Nonlinear optimization,NSCS
Liveness-enforcing supervision in AMS-Oriented HAMGs: An approach based on new characterization of siphons using petri nets	2018	IEEE Transactions on Automatic Control	1963-2012 IEEE.In the context of automated manufacturing systems, flexibility and synchronization are two main representative formations. Supervisory control techniques for flexibility have gained increasing attention, but those for synchronization operations have received little notice. Based on their comparison, our work makes threefold contributions. First, we propose a novel characterization of siphons, i.e., type I and type II, based on a special kind of Petri nets, namely, hierarchical augmented marked graphs (HAMGs), which integrate multilevel synchronization into a system. This characterization of siphons is further proved to be a crucial and essential description for both synchronization and flexibility. Second, event circular-wait is proposed to describe the occurrence of deadlocks in HAMGs. Its counterpart is resource circular-wait in flexibility. Ours is a more general and accurate characterization of deadlocks. The liveness of HAMGs can be attributed to the absence of undermarked siphons. Third, a unified liveness-enforcing supervisory control is established based on new characterization of siphons with the aid of generalized mutual exclusion constraints. Supervisor simplification based on inequality analysis is provided for structure simplicity. An experimental study illustrates the correctness of such characterization and the effectiveness of our proposed control method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),Petri nets (PNs),supervisory control
Design and real-time implementation of actuator fault-tolerant control for differential-drive mobile robots based on multiple-model approach	2018	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	IMechE 2018.In this article, an actuator fault-tolerant control scheme is proposed for differential-drive mobile robots based on the concept of multiple-model approach. The nonlinear kinematic model of the differential-drive mobile robot is discretized and a bank of extended Kalman filters is designed to detect, isolate, and identify actuator faults. A fault-tolerant controller is then developed based on the detected fault to accommodate its effect on the trajectory-tracking performance of the mobile robot. Extensive experimental results are presented to demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed fault-tolerant control approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Qatar	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	differential-drive mobile robot,extended Kalman filter,fault-tolerant control,Multiple-model-based approach
Efficient Caustic Rendering with Lightweight Photon Mapping	2018	Computer Graphics Forum	2018 The Author(s) Computer Graphics Forum  2018 The Eurographics Association and John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.Robust and efficient rendering of complex lighting effects, such as caustics, remains a challenging task. While algorithms like vertex connection and merging can render such effects robustly, their significant overhead over a simple path tracer is not always justified and – as we show in this paper - also not necessary. In current rendering solutions, caustics often require the user to enable a specialized algorithm, usually a photon mapper, and hand-tune its parameters. But even with carefully chosen parameters, photon mapping may still trace many photons that the path tracer could sample well enough, or, even worse, that are not visible at all. Our goal is robust, yet lightweight, caustics rendering. To that end, we propose a technique to identify and focus computation on the photon paths that offer significant variance reduction over samples from a path tracer. We apply this technique in a rendering solution combining path tracing and photon mapping. The photon emission is automatically guided towards regions where the photons are useful, i.e., provide substantial variance reduction for the currently rendered image. Our method achieves better photon densities with fewer light paths (and thus photons) than emission guiding approaches based on visual importance. In addition, we automatically determine an appropriate number of photons for a given scene, and the algorithm gracefully degenerates to pure path tracing for scenes that do not benefit from photon mapping.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	3	Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	CCS Concepts,•Computing methodologies → Ray tracing
An adaptive hybrid MOOC model: Disrupting the MOOC concept in higher education	2018	Telematics and Informatics	2017 Elsevier LtdIn the 18th century, the educational model underwent a disruptive change driven by the transition from an agricultural to an industrial society. In the 21st century, the change from the industrial society to a knowledge society has been consolidated, but it has not involved a disruption in the learning context. Some elements, many based on technologies, can be considered disruptive, but they have not had sufficient effect to produce a change in the model that has predominated for 300 years. In 2008, teachers began to offer training outside the walls of the university, with a totally disruptive and chaotic model compared to the traditional one; this was supported by open, informal, cooperative, connectivist, autonomous and self-guided training. Massive open online courses (MOOCs) began with cMOOCs, and most universities join the initiative, but they abandoned this disruption, ultimately offering the same courses they always had with free access for anyone, resulting in the second generation of MOOCs (xMOOCs). These MOOCs responded to a new social demand, but their characteristics and context make a formative disruption – which has not yet emerged – necessary. This paper analyses the elements of the two generations of MOOCs in order to propose a new model that does not require sophisticated technological solutions and recovers the initial disruptive sense of MOOCs, so called ahMOOC. It also presents a case study that integrates the social advantages of cMOOCs, the organisational benefits of xMOOCs and the personalisation of the learning, which is essential due to the heterogeneity of the participants. The results and the participant viewpoints emerging from the case study confirm the feasibility of the model, the improvement of the results of current MOOCs and the need – demanded by the participants – to consider diversity, all of which should be accomplished in a disruptive way.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	50	Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive system,Informal learning,Massive open online course,Non-formal learning,Personalized learning
Robot planning based on boolean specifications using petri net models	2018	IEEE Transactions on Automatic Control	1963-2012 IEEE.In this paper, we propose an automated method for planning a team of mobile robots such that a Boolean-based mission is accomplished. The task consists of logical requirements over some regions of interest for the agents' trajectories and for their final states. In other words, we allow combinatorial specifications defining desired final states whose attainment includes visits to, avoidance of, and ending in certain regions. The path planning approach should select such final states that optimize a certain global cost function. In particular, we consider minimum expected traveling distance of the team and reduce congestions. A Petri net (PN) with outputs models the movement capabilities of the team and the regions of interest. The imposed specification is translated to a set of linear restrictions for some binary variables, the robot movement capabilities are formulated as linear constraints on PN markings, and the evaluations of the binary variables are linked with PN markings via linear inequalities. This allows us to solve an integer linear programming problem whose solution yields robotic trajectories satisfying the task.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous robots,discrete event systems,optimization,Petri nets
Modeling and Race Detection of Ladder Diagrams via Ordinary Petri Nets	2018	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.This paper presents an ordinary Petri net (PN)-based approach to the modeling and race-detection problems of programs for programmable logic controllers (PLCs). First, a PLC program is formalized by a graph where nodes represent contacts and coils. Second, an algorithm is proposed to translate this graph into an ordinary PN. Third, a method is presented to detect whether there exists a race in a program by using a reachability graph technique, to locate a race by introducing the race path, and to correct a race by analyzing the subnet that contains it. An example is utilized to illustrate the theoretic results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete event systems,formal methods,IEC61131-3 standard,industrial automation,ladder diagram (LD),Petri nets (PNs),race detection,supervisory control
Adaptive modified Stanley controller with fuzzy supervisory system for trajectory tracking of an autonomous armoured vehicle	2018	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2018 Elsevier B.V.In developing path tracking controller for autonomous vehicles, a properly tuned controller will work well for a certain range of driving conditions but may need to be re-tuned for others. This study presents the development of an adaptive controller with fuzzy supervisory system for trajectory tracking control of an autonomous armoured vehicle. A knowledge database is built using Particle Swarm Optimisation which is the mainframe of the Fuzzy supervisory system in adapting to various trajectories and speed. The proposed controller is simulated on a nonlinear vehicle model, and experimental results for the controller are presented to evaluate the proposed controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Armoured vehicle,Autonomous trajectory tracking,Fuzzy supervisory,Particle swarm optimisation,Path tracking,Stanley controller
Data-driven smart manufacturing	2018	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2018 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersThe advances in the internet technology, internet of things, cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence have profoundly impacted manufacturing. The volume of data collected in manufacturing is growing. Big data offers a tremendous opportunity in the transformation of today's manufacturing paradigm to smart manufacturing. Big data empowers companies to adopt data-driven strategies to become more competitive. In this paper, the role of big data in supporting smart manufacturing is discussed. A historical perspective to data lifecycle in manufacturing is overviewed. The big data perspective is supported by a conceptual framework proposed in the paper. Typical application scenarios of the proposed framework are outlined.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	239	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Big data,Data lifecycle,Manufacturing data,Smart manufacturing
Evaluating challenges to Industry 4.0 initiatives for supply chain sustainability in emerging economies	2018	Process Safety and Environmental Protection	2018 Institution of Chemical EngineersIndustry 4.0 initiatives can influence whole business system via transforming the means the products are designed, produced, delivered and discarded. Industry 4.0 is relatively novel to developing nations, especially in India and needs a clear definition for proper understanding and practice in business. This paper aims to recognize key challenges to Industry 4.0 initiatives and analyze the identified key challenges to prioritize them for effective Industry 4.0 concepts for supply chain sustainability in emerging economies by taking Indian manufacturing industry perspective. Industry 4.0 initiatives can help industries to incorporate environmental protection and control initiatives as well as process safety measures in supply chains towards sustainable supply chains. However, adoption of Industry 4.0 initiatives is not so easy due to existence of many challenges. Therefore, the present research identifies 18 key challenges to Industry 4.0 initiatives for developing supply chain sustainability using an extensive literature review. These challenges were analyzed through 96 responses received from Indian manufacturing sector using a questionnaire based survey. Explanatory Factor Analysis results classified identified challenges into four key dimensions of challenges. Analytical Hierarchy Process further ranks the identified dimensions of challenges and related challenges. Findings of the study revealed that Organizational challenges holds the highest importance followed by Technological challenges, Strategic challenges, and Legal and ethical issues. This work is very useful for practitioners, policy makers, regulatory bodies and managers to develop an in-depth understanding of Industry 4.0 initiatives and eradicate the potential challenges in adopting Industry 4.0 initiatives for supply chain sustainability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	90	Environmental Engineering,Environmental Chemistry,Chemical Engineering (all),Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP),Emerging economies,Explanatory Factor Analysis (EFA),Industry 4.0 challenges,Supply chain management,Sustainability
Study on an AAGV suitable for the operation of the narrow site	2018	Acta Horticulturae	An agricultural automatic guided vehicle (AAGV) was developed suitable for narrow site operation because in existing modern greenhouse situations the operating channel is narrow, with high labor intensity and poor efficiency of manual handling of agricultural materials. We focused on the development of the navigation system, walking system, automatic control system, etc. Compared with the traditional manual delivery methods, AAGV provides intelligent automation improving the level of modernization of agricultural equipment, and improving the operating efficiency of the facility.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Horticulture	Agriculture,Automated guided vehicle,Research
Experimental, characterization and evaluation of various composite materials for automobile components	2018	International Journal of Mechanical and Production Engineering Research and Development	TJPRC Pvt. Ltd.The aim of this work deals with the microstructure and the mechanical properties of silicon carbide, zirconium dioxide (SiC, ZrO2) reinforced aluminum metal matrix composite. Aluminum metal matrix composite of varying silicon carbide, zirconium dioxide content (2, 5) percentage of weight fraction were prepared by bottom stir casting technique. The composite material can be widely used in automobile industries in place of currently used materials in automobile components. Various experiments such as Rockwell hardness, Brinell hardness, tensile strength, impact (charpy, izod) test have been performed in order to study the various characteristics and mechanical properties. The mechanical testing of fabricated composite material is performed and the mechanical properties are compared with the pure aluminum metal. The comparison of various mechanical properties of experimental materials with currently employed materials in the automobile industry. Structural material characterization of the fabricated composite was also performed by scanning electron microscopy and microstructures have also been carried out.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Hardness tensile strength,Materials,Microstructure & mechanical properties,SEM,Stir casting technique
Off-line route planner based on resistive grid method for vehicle guidance in real-Time applications	2018	9th IEEE Latin American Symposium on Circuits and Systems, LASCAS 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.In this work, we present a route planning tool based on Resistive Grid Method (RGM) for vehicle guidance on city networks. The RGM creates a route from one point to another using the least resistive path that is analogous to a routing problem on a city network [1]. In this propose, we take the RGM approach and apply two modifications to adapt it for offline vehicle guidance problem. On one hand, the network restrictions such as; one-way streets and prohibited turns are modelled by non-linear devices (diodes). On another hand, the values of linear resistors are established by using the length of each street and connected in series with non-linear devices according the sense of the way. The least resistive path is create by using the maximum current branches connected to each pair of nodes in the grid representation. In order to reduce the execution time and the complexity of calculation we use the Local Current Comparison Method (LCCM) to found the least resistive path. The map of a city network used for the study cases, in this work, was taken from OpenStreetMaps data base. To validate the utility of our propose, two simulations of vehicle guidance problems for the city network map of Xalapa, Mexico are presented. Furthermore, the advantages of this methodology in off-line conditions are shown. Finally, the comparison between our propose methodology and Google Maps™ are discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	Local Current Comparison Method,Non-linear Resistive Grid,Off-line Route Planning,OpenStreetMap,Vehicle guidance
Real time ultra-wideband localisation	2018	Proceedings of the 2018 19th International Carpathian Control Conference, ICCC 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper describes practical preliminary results of ultra-wideband localization in indoor area. The overall software conception and software for easy logging and evaluation was made. The system was tested in narrow corridor to make worst case study test.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	3	Control and Optimization,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Instrumentation	indoor navigation,Kalman filtering,localization,software layer,ultra-wideband
Welding machine technology impact on electric power quality analysis	2018	SBSE 2018 - 7th Brazilian Electrical Systems Symposium	2018 IEEE.This article presents a comparison between different welding machines, helping to determine the impact of different control technologies on the grid, comparing harmonic current data collected from the connection node between the grid and two welding machines during normal welding operation. Pulsed welding machines have more harmonic distortion when compared to not pulse welding machine. Because each manufacturer has its own know-how, develop a more general comparison rule to compare all equipment on the market would require much more deep and extensive analysis. The article presents comparison techniques to make the best welding machine choice for the existing electrical installation profile or the best match for the project.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Geography, Planning and Development	Harmonic distortion,Power quality,Welding machine
A generic generalized stochastic Petri nets model for the performance analysis of FMS considering the resources failures	2018	2018 5th International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies, CoDIT 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper introduces a formal approach allowing the performance evaluation of Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS) while considering the whole system behavior (operation, transport and preparation) as well as its possible components failure. The proposed approach is based on a generic Generalized Stochastic Petri nets (GSP-nets) model. The introduced GSP-net model represents the basic operation of the FMS elements (machines and material handling systems) as well as their fail and recovery aspects. The existing formal verification GSP-nets methods are exploited, and especially the state space generation and handling, in order to deduce a set of performance indicators helping the FMS designers when scheduling the production. Extracted indicators allow to enhance the decision process and the system efficiency. An important advantage of the introduced approach is that it is parameterized. Thus, it may be adapted to a large class of existing FMSs. The instantiation of the presented GSP-nets model to the specific features of the studied FMS is made by colored tokens.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Toward an optimal assignment of diagnosis method to mobile robots faults	2018	2018 5th International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies, CoDIT 2018	2018 IEEE.Fault Detection and Isolation (FDI) is a crucial task to ensure greater autonomy of mobile robots. This paper looks at the different techniques that serve the FDI process of mobile robots. In a first time, studied faults and characteristics that FDI methods must satisfy are listed. Then, 14 FDI methods are explained. They belong to 4 categories: Model-based, Knowledge-bases, Data-based and Material Redundancy approaches. Conditions of application, drawbacks and advantages are defined for each of them. A comparison between two methods (EKF and UKF) is made in simulation. The detection and isolation rate is good for GPS, IMU and Odometers faults but unacceptable for slip, blocked wheel and free wheel faults. This work is a first step toward designing a hybrid method to monitor the maximum of likely faults on mobile robots in real-Time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Modelling and Simulation of a Straight Line Motion Mechanism for Industrial Application	2018	2018 5th International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies, CoDIT 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper describes the modelling and simulation of a straight linear motion planar mechanism, commonly known as a Scott-Russell mechanism (SRM), for industrial application. The proposed mechanism is applied in an internal materials movement system using autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) for supporting logistics processes along the supply chain, aiming to replace the current manual operations. The requirements of the design are identified and the modelling phases of the mechanism are described. A compression spring and a linear solenoid are selected using kinematic and kinetic simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Path Planning and Path Following Using Arrival Time Field for Nonholonomic Mobile Robot	2018	Proceedings - 2017 International Conference on Advanced Computing and Applications, ACOMP 2017	2017 IEEE.Arrival-time-field based method for path planning of non-holonomic mobile robot is proposed in this work. Path following strategy using kinematics control is also presented. First, map dilation at the obstacles region of the map is performed based on mobile robot's maximum radius to guarantee the mobile robot safety. Arrival time field is then generated which the source is at the goal point. Collision-free path is obtained by applying gradient descent to the arrival time field. In order to generate smoother and safer path, speed function variation is added into the arrival time field. Mobile robot is also driven to follow the previously generated path using kinematics control based on simplified kinematics model of mobile robot that has been converted to polar coordinates. Numerical simulation are provided to verify all of these proposed methods.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture	Arrival Time Field,Nonholonomic Mobile Robot,Path Following,Path Planning
Decomposition of Petri nets based on the behavior relation matrix	2018	ICNC-FSKD 2017 - 13th International Conference on Natural Computation, Fuzzy Systems and Knowledge Discovery	2017 IEEE.To simplify the Petri net analysis, the decomposition technique is attracting more attention. Existing decomposition techniques mostly consider the structure, do not involve process behavior. In this article we present a new decomposition algorithm of Petri net with process behaviors. The behavior relation matrix is proposed in the paper. If elements of behavior relation matrix belongs to the same relation class, many problems (like matrix decomposition, Petri net decomposition problem) can be solved in a polynomial time. A Free-Choice Petri net can get only one behavior relation matrix, and the behavior relation matrix of a Free-Choice Petri net can be decomposed uniquely. And the whole decomposition process turns to be polynomial. An Workflow net and an Ada net as two experiments have demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed idea.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Logic,Modeling and Simulation,Statistics and Probability	None
A fusion approach for the localization of humans in factory environments	2018	Proceedings - 2018 IEEE Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems, ICPS 2018	2018 IEEE.Industrial automation increasingly relies on the automation and interconnection of formerly human operated transport machinery. Products are already moved by automated guided vehicles and machines like cranes may soon position themselves just in time based on context information. Human presence is however still required in some of these environments. This raises the question how to allow machines to sense a human's presence to enable context awareness functions and safety around autonomous machines. We propose a combination of Ultra-Wide Band (UWB) localization and Pedestrian Dead Reckoning (PDR) to achieve robust and reliable long- and short-term tracking of humans in an industrial environment. We highlight advantages and drawbacks of both localization methods, as well as current approaches to increase tracking accuracy of the individual technologies and their combination. Additionally, we present measurements using a Zero Velocity Update assisted PDR system and show that, under certain circumstances, the error of PDR can be reduced from 5% to 2% of the travelled distance. We also analyze the applicability of PDR correction methods in industrial environments. Our results show the potential of PDR for accurate short-term localization, supplanted by UWB to ensure long-term precision.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Control and Optimization,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Supply chain model for renewable energy resource from biomass in Vietnam	2018	2018 5th International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Applications, ICIEA 2018	2018 IEEE.Biomass is an important renewable energy resource. Typically, a biomass supply chain is often very large and complex due to the large number of facilities within the supply chain and uncertain factors considered. In this research, a mathematical model that can be used to determine the number and locations of biomass plants is proposed. The objective is to minimize the factory fixed cost, transportation cost, purchasing cost, and inventory cost. The model is applied to a case study in Vietnam, where every region in Vietnam is considered in biomass supply chain planning. First, all data related to demand, available biomass quantity, and various costs are collected and analyzed. Second, a mixed integer model is used to model and solve the problem with uncertain demand and available biomass quantity with seasonal effect. The result from the model gives the best potential biomass plant locations in every region. Also, the result reports the amount of biomass used and inventoried in each time period.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	2	Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Strategy and Management,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization	biomass supply chain planning,stochastic model,supply chain optimization,Vietnam
Trajectory tracking control strategy using co-reference for rear-steered vehicle	2018	2018 3rd International Conference on Control and Robotics Engineering, ICCRE 2018	2018 IEEE.A trajectory tracking control strategy using a co-reference for a rear-steered non-holonomic vehicle is presented. Given a reference moving on a path, the vehicle has to track the reference and reduce the vehicle-to-reference distance to the minimum possible distance. In addition, the vehicle has to maintain the change rate of the vehicle-to-reference distance non-positive at the neighborhood of the reference from any initial configuration. A class of barrier Lyapunov Function (BLF) is utilized to analyze the stability of the proposed control strategy. The co-reference is used to guide the vehicle to enter the neighborhood of the reference from the rear side of the reference. The performance of the proposed control strategy is evaluated by simulations and the results are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	1	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Computational Mechanics	automated guided vehicle,distance reduction,Trajectory tracking control
Analysis of the scalability of UWB indoor localization solutions for high user densities	2018	Sensors (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Radio frequency (RF) technologies are often used to track assets in indoor environments. Among others, ultra-wideband (UWB) has constantly gained interest thanks to its capability to obtain typical errors of 30 cm or lower, making it more accurate than other wireless technologies such as WiFi, which normally can predict the location with several meters accuracy. However, mainly due to technical requirements that are part of the standard, conventional medium access strategies such as clear channel assessment, are not straightforward to implement. Since most scientific papers focus on UWB accuracy improvements of a single user, it is not clear to which extend this limitation and other design choices impact the scalability of UWB indoor positioning systems. We investigated the scalability of indoor localization solutions, to prove that UWB can be used when hundreds of tags are active in the same system. This paper provides mathematical models that calculate the theoretical supported user density for multiple localization approaches, namely Time Difference of Arrival (TDoA) and Two-Way Ranging (TWR) with different MAC protocol combinations, i.e., ALOHA and TDMA. Moreover, this paper applies these formulas to a number of realistic UWB configurations to study the impact of different UWB schemes and settings. When applied to the 802.15.4a compliant Decawave DW1000 chip, the scalability dramatically degrades if the system operates with uncoordinated protocols and two-way communication schemes. In the best case scenario, UWB DW1000 chips can actively support up to 6171 tags in a single domain cell (no handover) with well-selected settings and choices, i.e., when adopting the combination of TDoA (one-way link) and TDMA. As a consequence, UWB can be used to simultaneously localize thousands of nodes in a dense network. However, we also show that the number of supported devices varies greatly depending on the MAC and PHY configuration choices.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	21	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	ALOHA,Decawave DW1000,IPS,Scalability,TDMA,TDOA,TWR,User density,Uwb
Data selection and de-noising based on reliability for long-range and high-pixel resolution LiDAR	2018	21st IEEE Symposium on Low-Power and High-Speed Chips and Systems, COOL Chips 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.Although the Smart Accumulation Technique (SAT) [1] is an optimal averaging algorithm for realizing a long-range and high-pixel-resolution LiDAR system, its maximum effect is guaranteed by de-noising which is quite challenging due to the 'range-value-clustering' problem peculiar to SAT. We propose a new algorithm that performs de-noising based on 'reliability' provided by accumulating luminous intensities within a cluster. The simulation and measurement results show that the algorithm eliminates the clustering influence, and improves the maximum measurable range by about 2x on 99% of de-noised results, compared with the conventional approach. The overhead of the hardware implementation is small, 1% or less, in regard to Si area and power consumption.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	averaging,background light information,cluster,de-noising,intensity information,LiDAR,reliability,spatial relation
Applying the Discrete Network Design Problem (DNDP) for designing AMHS layouts in semiconductor fabs	2018	2018 29th Annual SEMI Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference, ASMC 2018	2018 IEEE.The Discrete Network Design Problem (DNDP) facilitates semi-automated AMHS layout generation in OHT systems. In order to increase fab productivity and mitigate waiting time, AMHS design often intends to reduce transportation time and to avoid congestion. During the time consuming and elaborate layout design process, simulation studies are frequently used for evaluating manually generated layouts. However, in this article an analytical approach is implemented, enabling semi-automated AMHS layout generation with no simulation needed. The applied DNDP is a bi-level mixed-integer optimization model, mostly used in road network design for determining optimal lane additions under consideration of dynamic routing and traffic equilibrium. In this article, the suitability of the DNDP for generating AMHS layouts is assessed. In addition, opportunities and limits of its application are discussed by means of an use case from semi-conductor industry. Furthermore, additions to the formulation of the DNDP model are introduced to attain new functionality and ensure suitability to AMHS layout design. Due to its bilevel and non-convex structure, solving the DNDP in acceptable time is considered to be challenging. Thus, the application of two branch & bound algorithms and three heuristics (local search, tabu search and simulated annealing) for solving the DNDP in AMHS design is examined.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	AMHS layout generation,Branch & bound,Congestion avoidance,Discrete Network Design Problem,OHT
A nonlinear model predictive control formulation for obstacle avoidance in high-speed autonomous ground vehicles in unstructured environments	2018	Vehicle System Dynamics	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper presents a nonlinear model predictive control (MPC) formulation for obstacle avoidance in high-speed, large-size autono-mous ground vehicles (AGVs) with high centre of gravity (CoG) that operate in unstructured environments, such as military vehicles. The term ‘unstructured’ in this context denotes that there are no lanes or traffic rules to follow. Existing MPC formulations for passenger vehicles in structured environments do not readily apply to this context. Thus, a new nonlinear MPC formulation is developed to navigate an AGV from its initial position to a target position at high-speed safely. First, a new cost function formulation is used that aims to find the shortest path to the target position, since no reference trajectory exists in unstructured environments. Second, a region partitioning approach is used in conjunction with a multi-phase optimal control formulation to accommodate the complicated forms the obstacle-free region can assume due to the presence of multiple obstacles in the prediction horizon in an unstructured environment. Third, the no-wheel-lift-off condition, which is the major dynamical safety concern for high-speed, high-CoG AGVs, is ensured by limiting the steering angle within a range obtained offline using a 14 degrees-of-freedom vehicle dynamics model. Thus, a safe, high-speed navigation is enabled in an unstructured environment. Simulations of an AGV approaching multiple obstacles are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	15	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mechanical Engineering	autonomous ground vehicles,Collision avoidance,model predictive control,vehicle dynamics,vehicle safety
An ADRC approach to trajectory tracking control of tape guided AGV 磁带导引AGV的自抗扰循迹控制方法	2018	Gaojishu Tongxin/Chinese High Technology Letters	2018, Executive Office of the Journal. All right reserved.This paper investigates the trajectory tracking control problem for tape aided automated guided vehicle (AGV), and a linear active disturbance rejection controller (ADRC) is designed for accurate trajectory tracking and good disturbance rejection control. First, a tracking error system model is established for the tape guided AGV, and the uncertainties are described as an additive bounded disturbance. Then, an extended state observer is designed to estimate the lumped disturbance, and the estimated disturbance is rejected from the system by dynamic linearization compensation. The effects of the model uncertainties on the tracking control performance are thus reduced. Finally, an experiment platform of the AGV system is established, and the effectiveness of the proposed design method is verified by experiments	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Disturbance rejection,Linear active disturbance rejection control,Magnetic tape guidance,Tracking control
AGV dynamic path planning based on improved genetic algorithm and its implementation 基于改进遗传算法的自动导引小车动态路径规划及其实现	2018	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2018, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.Aiming at the premature in traditional genetic algorithm for solving Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) dynamic path planning problem, an Improved Genetic Algorithm (IGA) for AGV dynamic path planning was proposed, in which fine-tuning path algorithm was proposed based on heuristic rule to shorten path by setting up of a triangle consisted of connected path segments to aim at the drawbacks such as low probability of producing high quality solutions and premature resulted from the lack of heuristic rules in traditional mutation operators. To improve the path smoothness for facilitating the running of AGV, the path smoothing algorithm was proposed; to enhance the IGA exploitation performance, the simulated annealing operation was performed for the optimal solution in each generation. An AGV dynamic path planning platform developed based on MATLAB GUI tools so as to verify the proposed IGA for solving AGV dynamic path planning problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dynamic path planning,Heuristic rules,Path fine-tuning algorithm,Path smoothing algorithm
Modeling assignment of quay cranes using queueing theory for minimizing CO2 emission at a container terminal	2018	Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment	2017 Elsevier LtdQuay cranes (QCs) play a significant role in CO2 emission of the operations of global supply chains, since huge global container traffic requires a considerable number of handing operations of QCs. The traditional studies of QC assignment mainly aim to investigate the scheduling efficiency of QCs and seldom touch on CO2 emission or other green transportation objectives and the resulting models are normally mixed-integer programming (MIP) problems and solved by heuristic algorithms. In this paper, a convex mathematical programming model is proposed for the QC assignment problem, in which the queueing theory is used to model the queueing behavior of automatic guided vehicles (AGVs). The objective of the proposed model is to minimize CO2 emission during an unloading process of containers from QCs to AGVs by optimizing the number of QCs. The analytical solution of the number of QCs is obtained to the proposed model. It is found that the optimal number of QCs increases with the expected arrival rate of AGVs and the mean fuel consumption per AGV per hour but it decreases with the mean queue service rate of QCs and the electricity consumption per QC per hour.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	19	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation,Environmental Science (all)	Automatic guided vehicles,CO2 emission,Container terminals,Quay crane,Queueing theory
A Survey on Petri Net Models for Freight Logistics and Transportation Systems	2018	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.The benefits of logistics and transportation systems to citizens, economy, and society can strongly increase when considering a smart, safe, and environmentally friendly management. This results in the implementation of intelligent transportation systems that combine innovative technologies and transportation frameworks at the aim of finding proper solutions to the related decision problems. To achieve such a goal, the intrinsic discrete event dynamics of these systems should be considered when deriving a model to be used for simulation, analysis, optimization, and control. Among the different discrete event models, Petri Nets (PNs) are particularly effective due to a series of relevant features. In addition, several high-level PN models (e.g., colored, continuous, or hybrid) allow the solution of complex and large-dimension problems that typically arise from real-life applications in the area of freight logistics and transportation systems. This paper presents a survey on contributions in this area. Papers are classified according to the addressed problem, namely, strategic/tactical or operational decision-making-level problem, and the adopted PN formalism. We also debate the approaches' viability, discussing contributions and limitations, and identify future research directions to enhance the successful application of PNs in freight logistics and transportation systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	16	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	control,Freight transportation,management,modeling and simulation,optimization,Petri nets
Multimodal human-machine interface devices in the cloud	2018	Journal on Multimodal User Interfaces	2017, The Author(s).In an increasingly connected and multidisciplinary world, we propose a new paradigm of web application development. It makes the whatever modal input to use the same interface to connect to the applications. It can essentially free the web application programmers and the end users from the need of physically handling the data input devices when they are building a multimodal system. The same application can be used for a whole range of physically different peripherals, but similar from the logical point of view of data entry. This paper discusses the implementation of a pilot project, currently in a local network environment, where all the devices in the LAN are identified and described in an interface server. Users in the local network may, upon request, make use of such devices. The communication of these peripherals with the web applications will be carried out by a network of modules that run under the websocket technology. The whole process of communication and connection establishment is automatic and guided by the existing configurations in the interface server. The entire platform runs under SOA strategy and is fully scalable and configurable. Its use is not limited to games because it has much wider possibilities, interactivity in teaching, accessibility for people with special needs, adaptation of web applications to the use of uninitiated, etc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	2	Signal Processing,Human-Computer Interaction	Accessibility,Interface,Multimodal,MVCI,SOA,Virtual interface,Websocket
Evaluating battery charging and swapping strategies in a robotic mobile fulfillment system	2018	European Journal of Operational Research	2017 Elsevier B.V.Robotic mobile fulfillment systems (RMFS) have seen many implementations in recent years, due to their high flexibility and low operational cost. Such a system stores goods in movable shelves and uses movable robots to transport the shelves. The robot is battery powered and the battery depletes during operations, which can seriously affect the performance of the system. This study focuses on battery management problem in an RMFS, considering a battery swapping and a battery charging strategy with plug-in or inductive charging. We build a semi-open queueing network (SOQN) to estimate system performance, modeling the battery charging process as a single queue and the battery swapping process as a nested SOQN. We develop a decomposition method to solve the analytical models and validate them through simulation. Our models can be used to optimize battery recovery strategies and compare their cost and throughput time performance. The results show that throughput time performance can be significantly affected by the battery recovery policy, that inductive charging performs best, and that battery swapping outperforms plug-in charging by as large as 4.88%, in terms of retrieval transaction throughput time. However, the annual cost of the RMFS using the battery swapping strategy is generally higher than that of the RMFS using the plug-in charging strategy. In the RMFS that uses the inductive charging strategy, a critical price of a robot can be found, for a lower robot price and a small required retrieval transaction throughput time, inductive charging outperforms both plug-in charging and battery swapping strategies in terms of annual cost. We also find that ignoring the battery recovery will underestimate the number of robots required and the system cost for more than 15%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	18	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Battery charging,Parts-to-picker order picking system,Performance analysis,Robotic mobile fulfillment systems,Warehousing
Epipolar Rectification by Singular Value Decomposition of Essential Matrix	2018	Multimedia Tools and Applications	2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.Image rectification is an important stage of applying a pair of projective transformations, or homographies, to a pair of stereo images, so that epipolar lines in the original images map to horizontally aligned lines in the rectified images. Considering that for some stereo rigs the intrinsic parameters of the cameras are known but their external parameters are unknown, in this paper, we present a novel method for stereo rectification based on the essential matrix which is derived from the fundamental matrix. Without any optimization process, closed-form analytical solutions of the projective transformations for epipolar rectification can be directly obtained by conducting SVD on the essential matrix. Experimental results show the proposed rectification method not only has higher efficiency and rectification precision, but also its scale invariance and robustness are superior to existing methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Media Technology,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Epipolar rectification,Essential matrix,Projective transformation,SVD
A multi-agent system for sharing distributed manufacturing resources	2018	Expert Systems with Applications	2018 Elsevier LtdThis paper considers a shared scheduling environment for distributed manufacturing resources. In this paper, we proposed a multi-agent system based approach to promote competition and cooperation among multi-agents and to achieve global optimal scheduling. We first build two multi-agent system (MAS) architectures. One is enterprise multi-agent subsystem (Sub-EMAS) architecture comprises job agents, resource agents and manager agents; the other one is enterprise alliance multi-agent system (EA-MAS) architecture involves the addition of a mediator agent and a scheduling agent. Then we design a Shared Contract Net Protocol (SCNP) to support both the Sub-EMAS and EA-MAS. We propose two heuristic algorithms to solve the scheduling model. The computational experiments show that the EA-MAS, with the integration of shared resource information, is able to provide shared scheduling scheme for distributed manufacturing with a good performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Distributed manufacturing resources,Heuristic algorithms,Multi-agent system,Shared contract net protocol,Shared scheduling
Erasing Lane Changes from Roads: A Design of Future Road Intersections	2018	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Vehicles	2016 IEEE.Imagine in the future that autonomous vehicles coordinated and guided by signal-free autonomous intersections are able to pass through the intersections immediately after the vehicles in the conflicting direction leave. Meanwhile, with the coordination of the autonomous intersections, autonomous vehicles on any approaching lane are able to turn onto any downstream lane, expecting that driving in such a road system, autonomous vehicles can reach their destinations without any on-road lane changes, and high traffic efficiency will be achieved as well as great traffic safety. To draw the picture in detail, this paper designs a signal-free autonomous intersection with all-direction turn lanes (ADTL) under the environment of autonomous vehicles, and proposes a conflict-Avoidance-based approach to coordinate all approaching vehicles in different directions. Communicating with the approaching autonomous vehicles and utilizing the approach, the autonomous ADTL intersection is able to coordinate the approaching vehicles in all directions and guide them to safely and efficiently pass through the intersection. Two simulation scenarios are conducted in a road network with an isolated intersection composed of four three-lane arms. One scenario validates the collision-free design of the system, and the other shows that the designed ADTL intersection outperforms the conventional signal controlled intersection in terms of traffic efficiency, and is potentially better than the autonomous intersection with specific-direction turn lanes. The autonomous ADTL intersection can be an important basis for designing a future autonomous urban road traffic system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	13	Artificial Intelligence,Automotive Engineering,Control and Optimization	autonomous intersection,autonomous vehicle,future traffic system,Lane change,vehicle conflict
Optimizing a multi-product closed-loop supply chain using NSGA-II, MOSA, and MOPSO meta-heuristic algorithms	2018	Journal of Industrial Engineering International	2017, The Author(s).This study aims to discuss the solution methodology for a closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) network that includes the collection of used products as well as distribution of the new products. This supply chain is presented on behalf of the problems that can be solved by the proposed meta-heuristic algorithms. A mathematical model is designed for a CLSC that involves three objective functions of maximizing the profit, minimizing the total risk and shortages of products. Since three objective functions are considered, a multi-objective solution methodology can be advantageous. Therefore, several approaches have been studied and an NSGA-II algorithm is first utilized, and then the results are validated using an MOSA and MOPSO algorithms. Priority-based encoding, which is used in all the algorithms, is the core of the solution computations. To compare the performance of the meta-heuristics, random numerical instances are evaluated by four criteria involving mean ideal distance, spread of non-dominance solution, the number of Pareto solutions, and CPU time. In order to enhance the performance of the algorithms, Taguchi method is used for parameter tuning. Finally, sensitivity analyses are performed and the computational results are presented based on the sensitivity analyses in parameter tuning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	9	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Closed-loop logistics,Mathematical model,MOPSO,MOSA,NSGA-II,Priority-based,Taguchi
Execution and evaluation of enterprise models in IEM/MO2GO based on Petri net	2018	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2018, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.Because the growth of internet of things (IOT) technology, stakeholders who come from different research areas (information modeling area, dynamic process modeling area, and so on) will very easily and simultaneously evaluate and control the manufacturing process from all over the world. Therefore, there is an urgent need for a comprehensive enterprise modeling methodology with the integration of information modeling and dynamic process modeling method. However, it is known that there is limited research on the realization of a modeling methodology that can simultaneously handle information modeling and dynamic process modeling. The method for object-oriented business process optimization (MO2GO) system performs modeling in terms of information and process. However, the process modeling part in this system is static. Meanwhile, the Petri net mathematical modeling language has strong dynamic simulation capability. Thus, our main contribution is to analyze the characteristics of Petri net, which would be helpful to the dynamic process modeling realization in the MO2GO system, and integrate Petri net engine into the MO2GO system to allow a static process model to become dynamic. In here, the system can not only display a simulated manufacturing process but also calculate actual information (time and cost) for a final manufactured product. Therefore, it is possible for the system to handle both information modeling and dynamic process modeling. Finally, the MO2GO system will be more competitive in the future industry.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dynamic enterprise model,Integrated enterprise modeling,Manufacturing processes,MO2GO,Petri net
Nature inspired metaheuristics for optimizing problems at a container terminal	2018	Pomorstvo	Faculty of Maritime Studies Rijeka, 2018.Nowadays, maritime transport is the backbone of the international trade of goods. Therefore, seaports play a very important role in global transport. The use of containers is significantly represented in the maritime transport. Considering the increased number of container shipments in the global transport, seaport container terminals have to be adapted to a new situation and provide the best possible service of container transfer by reducing the transfer cost and the container transit time. Therefore, there is a need for optimization of the whole container transport process within the terminal. The logistic problems of the container terminals have become very complex and logistics experts cannot manually adjust the operations of terminal processes that will optimize the usage of resources. Hence, to achieve further improvements of terminal logistics, there is a need to introduce scientific methods such as metaheuristics that will enable better and optimized use of the terminal resources in an automated way. There is a large number of research papers that have successfully proposed the solutions of optimizing the container logistic problems with well-known metaheuristics inspired by the nature. However, there is a continuous emergence of new nature inspired metaheuristics today, like artificial bee colony algorithm, firefly algorithm and bat algorithm, that outperform the well-known metaheuristics considering the most popular optimization problems like travel salesman problem. Considering these results of comparing algorithms, we assume that better results of optimization of container terminal logistic problems can be achieved by introducing these new nature inspired metaheuristics. In this paper we have described and classified the main subsystems of the container terminal and its logistic problems that need to be optimized. We have also presented a review of new nature inspired metaheuristics (bee, firefly and bat algorithm) that could be used in the optimization of these problems within the terminal.	Journal	j	re	Review	Croatia	1	Geography, Planning and Development,Engineering (miscellaneous),Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Ocean Engineering	Bat algorithm,Bee algorithm,Container terminal,Firefly algorithm,Nature inspired metaheuristics,Optimization problems
Open-source VRPLite Package for Vehicle Routing with Pickup and Delivery: A Path Finding Engine for Scheduled Transportation Systems	2018	Urban Rail Transit	2018, The Author(s).Recently, automation, shared use, and electrification are viewed as the “three revolutions” in the future transportation sector, and the traditional scheduled public transit system will be greatly enhanced with flexible services and autonomous vehicle scheduling capabilities. Many emerging scheduled transportation applications include the fully automatic operation system in urban rail transit, joint line planning, and timetabling for high-speed rail as well as emerging self-driving vehicle dispatching. The vehicle routing problem (VRP) holds promise for seeking an optimal set of vehicle routes and schedules to meet customers’ requirements and plays a vital role in optimizing services for feature scheduled transportation systems. Due to the difficulty of finding optimal solutions for large-scale instances, enormous research efforts have been dedicated to developing efficient algorithms, while our paper presents a unique perspective based on a time-dependent and state-dependent path searching framework. An open-source and light-weight VRP with pickup and delivery with time windows (VRPPDTW) modeling package, namely VRPLite, has been developed in this research to provide a high-quality and computationally efficient solution engine for transportation on demand applications. This paper describes the space–time–state modeling process of VRPPDTW using a hyper-network representation. This solution framework can be embedded in a column generation or Lagrangian relaxation framework to handle many general applications. A number of illustrated examples are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the path search algorithm under various traffic conditions and passenger travel requirements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	14	Civil and Structural Engineering,Geography, Planning and Development,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Urban Studies,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Column generation,Lagrangian relaxation,Space–time–state network modeling,Vehicle routing problem with pickup and delivery
Constrained coverage path planning: Evolutionary and classical approaches	2018	Robotica	2018 Cambridge University Press.The constrained coverage path planning addressed in this paper refers to finding an optimal path traversed by a unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) to maximize its coverage on a designated area, considering the time limit and the feasibility of the path. The UAV starts from its current position to assess the condition of a new entry to the area. Nevertheless, the UAV needs to comply with the coverage task, simultaneously and therefore, it is likely that the optimal policy would not be the shortest path in such a condition, since a wider area can be covered through a longer path. From the other side, along with a longer path, the UAV may not reach to the target in due time. In addition, the speed of UAV is assumed to be constant and as a result, a feasible path needs to be smooth enough to support this assumption. The problem is modeled as an Epsilon-constraint optimization in which a coverage function has to be maximized, considering the constraints on the length and the smoothness of the path. For this purpose, a new genetic path planning algorithm with adaptive operator selection is proposed to solve such a complicated constrained optimization problem. The proposed approach has been compared to some classical approaches like, a modified version of the Artificial Potential Field and a modified version of Dijkstra's algorithm (a graph-based approach). All the methods are implemented and tested in different scenarios and their performances are evaluated via the simulation results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Artificial potential field,Coverage,Dijkstra's algorithm,Genetic algorithm,Path planning,Unmanned aerial vehicle
Cloud manufacturing service composition and formal verification based on extended process calculus	2018	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2018.Cloud manufacturing is an emerging service-oriented model to solve existing problems in manufacturing. This study proposes a process calculus–based approach to formally model cloud manufacturing service composition that is composed of description model, interaction scenario model, and composition process formal model, in which the semantics of process calculus to describe the quality of service (QoS) information of service composition is extended, and an intelligent service composition method is put forward based on the extended process calculus. Then, a platform architecture for implementing the proposed approach is addressed. The integrated development environment for the platform is set up with selection of free software tools. Thus, a prototype of the platform is developed. Finally, automated guided vehicle processing service composition and the open integrated manufacturing system service composition are taken as examples to illustrate the application of the proposed service composition method. The main attributes of the formal models for the application cases are verified. Case study results show that the proposed service composition and formal verification method based on the extended process calculus is feasible. Compared with other approaches for service composition, the proposed intelligent service composition method meets the most requirements for service composition.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Mechanical Engineering	Cloud manufacturing,formal verification,process calculus,prototype platform,service composition
Resource failure and buffer space allocation control for automated manufacturing systems	2018	Information Sciences	2018 Elsevier Inc.Blockage and deadlock are undesirable in an automated manufacturing system (AMS). Thus, addressing these issues is essential to ensure smooth production evolution via system supervisory control. If an AMS contains unreliable resources which may break down unexpectedly, then the situation is complicated and problems become challenging. This work investigates the robust supervision for such AMSs from the perspective of management and control of resource allocation. The ultimate goal of this study is to develop a controller for allocating buffer space, such that any failure does not propagate through blocking to stall the rest of the system. In other words, the continual production of every part type not requiring any of the failed resources must be guaranteed at all time. We propose a supervisory control policy that satisfies the above desired property by using formal tools of automata and Petri nets. The policy relaxes the assumption made in previous work that each part type requires at most one failure-prone resource in the predefined production route. Meanwhile, the policy execution and implementation do not need any central buffers. We also present a survey and some comparative studies of various approaches in the literature about robust supervision for deadlock resolution in AMSs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Automated manufacturing systems,Deadlock avoidance,Discrete event systems,Petri nets,Robust control
Scheduling for job shop problems with transportation and blocking no-wait constraints	2018	Journal of Theoretical and Applied Information Technology	2005 – ongoing JATIT & LLS.The problem studied in this paper is the Transportation job shop problem with blocking and no wait constraints. This problem is an extension of the classical job shop problem that take into account transport operations and the absence of storage space between machines. We formulate the problem by means of a new disjunctive graph. We modelized blocking situations and described properties of partial schedule that lead to deadlock situations. The new disjunctive graph and deadlock situations properties served us to develop a greedy heuristics based on priority and avoiding blocking cycle rules. We also propose to resolve our problem by an exact method based on a Mixed Integer Linear Program (MILP). Computational results for a set of benchmarking tests are reported and the effectiveness of our methods are discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Morocco	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Blocking no wait constraint,Heuristics,Job shop scheduling problem,Mixed integer linear program,Transport
Route planning for electric vehicle efficiency using the Bellman-Ford algorithm on an embedded GPU	2018	Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference on Optimization and Applications, ICOA 2018	2018 IEEE.Traditional route planning algorithms, such as Dijkstra or A∗, are efficient in their execution due to low computational complexity. With the rise in popularity of electric vehicles, which have the capability of recharging their batteries while driving, energy costs to traverse road segments can now be negative values. Dijkstra or A∗ cannot process negative edge weights. This work presents the use of the Bellman-Ford algorithm to plan driving routes based on energy efficiency. To overcome the increased computational complexity and ensure reasonable processing speeds this work uses an embedded graphical processing unit and a parallel implementation of Bellman-Ford on an embedded GPU system. This method allows routes to be plotted with considerable reductions in energy requirements, while maintaining the performance of traditional route planning programs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	Bellman-Ford,Driverless vehicle,Electric vehicle,GPU,Route planning
Design and implementation of LIN bus and USB bus interface	2018	AIP Conference Proceedings	2018 Author(s).His article discusses the method of interconnection between the LIN bus of BCM and USB interface of PC from the point of view of the overall system architecture, hardware design and software design. This design has been applied in testing of BCM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	SCM,UN bus,USI3 CDC
Performance analysis of container yard based on batch service queueing system	2018	Journal of Interdisciplinary Mathematics	2018,  2018 Taru Publications.China Railway Express has been developed rapidly since “the Belt and Road Initiative” in China was proposed. Many cities in the Midwest of China have developed into the transport hub from the transport terminal. The key question is how to reasonably formulate the size of the container station and the frequency of the shift for China Railway Express. This paper takes the container as the research object. Regarding the containers as customers in the queuing system, customers’ services ending with the loading of containers into China Railway Express, based on a finite-capacity queueing system with batch service, this paper provides an optimal layout method for the container yard of China Railway Express.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Analysis,Applied Mathematics	Container station,Optimal layout method,Queuing system,Transport hub
Combinatorial inertial guidance system for an automated guided vehicle	2018	ICNSC 2018 - 15th IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control	2018 IEEE.The guidance system is an important component of AGV. In order to obtain the guidance system with low cost, high flexibility and precision, a combinatorial inertial guidance method is proposed in this paper. The inertial guidance system is composed of the encoder and the inertial measurement unit (IMU). And, on this basis, the magnetic sensor (MS) is added to correct the cumulative error. Moreover, because the IMU and MS can't identify the current location of AGV, this paper adopts the passive RFID tag to calibrate the important location of AGV to assist the AGV positioning. In addition, in order to obtain more accurate control parameters, the kalman filter (KF) is used for data processing in the system. Finally, the experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and accuracy of the proposed system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Instrumentation,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	Automated guided vehicle,Combinatorial inertial guidance system (CIGS),Kalman filter,Multi-sensor system
A low-carbon game-based job scheduling considering material transit	2018	ICNSC 2018 - 15th IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control	2018 IEEE.This paper proposes a low-carbon game-based job scheduling considering material transit. In the proposed method: (1) The players refer to job scheduling and material transit respectively; The strategy of each player refers to the selectable machines about submitted jobs; The payoffs of job scheduling refer to completed time and carbon emissions; The payoffs of material transit refer to transit cost and transit carbon emissions. (2)To solve the model, this paper introduces the concept of Nash-Pareto and the solving of the presented model is transferred to find the Nash-Pareto Equilibrium points in the solving space. (3) To get the Nash-Pareto Equilibrium points of this game, a NSGA-II algorithm is consequently developed to effectively solve the mathematical model. Finally, case study is designed to demonstrate the feasibility of the approach, and comparison result proves that the proposed method can balance the interests of job scheduling and material transit.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Instrumentation,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	carbon emissions,job scheduling,material transit,multi-objective optimization
Modelling and Simulation of Indoor Reverse RFID Tag Localization Method Based on Mobile Antenna Reader Position	2018	Proceedings - 2017 UKSim-AMSS 19th International Conference on Modelling and Simulation, UKSim 2017	2017 IEEE.Radio frequency identification (RFID) is a rapidly growing technology that has the potential to make great impacts on many industries. While RFID is a relatively old technology, more recent advancements in chip manufacturing technology are making RFID practical to affect many different industries and applications. These advancements have the potential to revolutionize supply-chain management, inventory control and logistics. The aim of this paper is to develop an efficient algorithm for RFID tag localization which uses an interesting method for positioning. The modeling and simulation of indoor reverse RFID tag localization based on mobile antenna reader position using enhancement triangulation method with a commercial RFID system are introduced for the positioning. Tag identification detection is done by a commercial RFID system and the specific aim is satisfied through the use of the proposed tag localization algorithm by Matlab program. Based on the proposed tag localization algorithm, the tag localization demonstration system has been designed and fabricated. Different trace scenarios based on practical data have been introduced and discussed to demonstrate the performance of the proposed indoor reverse RFID tag localization method to meet the requirements of different numerous new applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	0	Signal Processing,Modeling and Simulation	Enhancement triangulation method,Reverse RFID,RFID,Tag localization algorithm,Tag localization demonstration system
Pricing decisions for substitutable products with green manufacturing in a competitive supply chain	2018	Journal of Cleaner Production	2018 Elsevier LtdIn this paper, we examine the pricing strategies in a two-stage supply chain with two competitive manufacturers and one retailer. We address six game models: the centralized model (Model I), the MS-Bertrand model (Model II), the MS-Stackelberg model (Model III), the RS-Bertrand model (Model IV), the RS-Stackelberg model (Model V) and the cost-sharing contract model (Model VI) to explore the optimal pricing strategies of substitutable products. We address the optimal green manufacturing level, retail prices, wholesale prices and the profits of supply chain members as well as the whole supply chain under different models. Numerical examples are provided to demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed models. First the impact of green investment on the green manufacturing level and supply chain performance is examined. Then the impact of price elasticity, cross-price sensitivity and green manufacturing coefficient on the green manufacturing level is analyzed. We find that the centralized model is the best, and the cost-sharing contract model will be better than the four decentralized models when the cost-sharing proposition is in a certain interval. Additionally, in decentralized scenarios, the Stackelberg model has an advantage for manufacturers while the Bertrand model is superior for the retailer. Our results also indicate that green manufacturing will benefit the manufacturer involved in green investment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	39	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cost-sharing contract,Green investment,Green manufacturing level,Green supply chain,Pricing strategies
A new TS algorithm for solving low-carbon logistics vehicle routing problem with split deliveries by backpack—from a green operation perspective	2018	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In order to promote the development of low-carbon logistics and economize logistics distribution costs, the vehicle routing problem with split deliveries by backpack is studied. With the help of the model of classical capacitated vehicle routing problem, in this study, a form of discrete split deliveries was designed in which the customer demand can be split only by backpack. A double-objective mathematical model and the corresponding adaptive tabu search (TS) algorithm were constructed for solving this problem. By embedding the adaptive penalty mechanism, and adopting the random neighborhood selection strategy and reinitialization principle, the global optimization ability of the new algorithm was enhanced. Comparisons with the results in the literature show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. The proposed method can save the costs of low-carbon logistics and reduce carbon emissions, which is conducive to the sustainable development of low-carbon logistics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Public Health, Environmental and Occupational Health,Health, Toxicology and Mutagenesis	Backpack,Green economy,Low-carbon logistics,Split deliveries,Tabu search,Vehicle routing problem
Energy-saving Oriented Multi-objective Shop Floor Scheduling for Mixed-line Production of Missile Components 面向节能的导弹结构件混线生产作业车间多目标调度研究	2018	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Journal of Mechanical Engineering	2018 Journal of Mechanical Engineering.Aimed at the characteristics of multi-project production, complex process, high energy consumption and tight delivery in the mix-line production of missile structural components, an optimization model for a flexible job-shop scheduling problem considering energy consumption and makespan is developed based on equipment state-energy-consumption curve. A binary hybrid improved genetic algorithm (BH-GA) is proposed to solve the established optimization problem. To improve the searching ability of the algorithm, an information-sharing mechanism based on particle swarm optimization (PSO) is introduced to design the crossover operation of genetic algorithm (GA). In order to avoid falling into local optical solution, a novel temperature update function of simulated annealing algorithm (SA) based on Hill function is used to replace the mutation operation of GA. In addition, a weighted multi-attribute grey target decision model is adopted to select the most satisfactory schedule scheme. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is verified by the completely and partially flexible scheduling problems. Finally, the proposed algorithm is applied to the production workshop of missile structural components at an aerospace institute in Shanghai, and good effect is gained.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Binary hybrid improved genetic algorithm,Energy consumption,Equipment state-energy-consumption curve,Flexible job-shop,Weighted multi-attribute grey target decision model
Job shop scheduling with a combination of four buffering constraints	2018	International Journal of Production Research	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In this paper, a new scheduling problem is investigated in order to optimise a more generalised Job Shop Scheduling system with a Combination of four Buffering constraints (i.e. no-wait, no-buffer, limited-buffer and infinite-buffer) called CBJSS. In practice, the CBJSS is significant in modelling and analysing many real-world scheduling systems in chemical, food, manufacturing, railway, health care and aviation industries. Critical problem properties are thoroughly analysed in terms of the Gantt charts. Based on these properties, an applicable mixed integer programming model is formulated and an efficient heuristic algorithm is developed. Computational experiments show that the proposed heuristic algorithm is satisfactory for solving the CBJSS in real time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	best-insertion-heuristic algorithm,blocking,buffer management,constructive algorithm,job shop scheduling,mixed integer programming,no-wait
Virtual diagnostic sensors design for an Automated Guided Vehicle	2018	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors.In recent years, Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) have been playing an increasingly important role in producing industry and infrastructure and will soon arrive to other areas of human life such as the transportation of goods and people. However, several challenges still aggravate the operation of AGVs, which limit the amount of implementation. One major challenge is the realization of reliable sensors that can capture the different aspects of the state of an AGV as well as its surroundings. One promising approach towards more reliable sensors is the supplementary application of virtual sensors, which are able to generate virtual measurements by using other sources of information such as actuator states and already existing sensors together with appropriate mathematical models. The focus of the research described in this paper is the design of virtual sensors determining forces and torques acting on an AGV. The proposed novel approach is using a quadratic boundedness approach, which makes it possible to include bounded disturbances acting on the AGV. One major advantage of the presented approach is that the use of complex tire models can be avoided. Information from acceleration and yaw rate sensors is processed in order to realize reliable virtual force and torque sensors. The resulting force and torque information can be used for several diagnostic purposes such as fault detection or fault prevention. The presented approach is explained and verified on the basis of an innovative design of an AGV. This innovative design addresses another major challenge for AGVs, which is the limited maneuvering possibilities of many AGV designs. The innovative design allows nearly unlimited maneuvering possibilities but requires reliable sensor data. The application of the approach in the AGV resulted in the insight that the generated estimates are consistent with the longitudinal forces and torques obtained by a proven reference model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	10	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automated guided vehicles,Fault diagnosis,Force balance,Input estimation,Observers
Markov localization algorithm for AGV based on Gaussian kernel function in feature map 特征地图中基于高斯核函数的自动导引车Markov定位算法	2018	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2018, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.Markov localization algorithm used in the feature map for AGV's global pose estimation might cause the problem that the association between sensor observation and feature data in the map was non-unique, which leaded position estimation for the failure. For this problem, a new calculation method of Markov localization algorithm without data association was proposed. The Gaussian kernel function was used to fit the sparse features of environment into a smooth and dense curve. The observation model of Markov localization algorithm was calculated through comparing the similarity of two dense curves generated by sensor observation and algorithm prediction. The model and algorithm were established, and simulations in two kinds of environment were designed. The simulation in similar environment validated the accuracy of pose estimation, and the simulation in non-similar environment showed the high efficiency of global localization. The validity and superiority of the proposed method were verified by experiments for AGV's pose estimation in a semi-enclosed room.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Feature map,Gaussian kernel function,Markov localization
Frame trolley dispatching algorithm for the Frame Bridge based automated container terminal	2018	Transportation Science	2018 INFORMS.This paper studies the container handling process for a newly designed container terminal, known as the Frame Bridge based Automated Container Terminal (FB-ACT). The system was shown to be an effective solution to the next generation container terminal, but its efficiency depends on the dispatching of frame trolleys (FTs), which transport containers along the apron. We address the FT dispatching problem to ensure conflict-free movements, while considering the handshakes with other devices in the system. A mixed-integer programming (MIP) model is formulated to minimize the makespan considering FT conflicts and handshakes. An algorithm based on filtered beam search is developed to solve the problem. In this algorithm, two filtering approaches are used to guide the search for beam nodes at each level. The first approach uses a surrogate model to effectively screen out the less promising nodes. Then, the second approach uses a reduced MIP model to further identify the beam nodes for the next level. Numerical experiments show that our proposed algorithm yields near-optimal solutions in small-scale problems. In large-scale problems, our algorithm significantly outperforms two other algorithms based on first come, first served (FCFS) or FCFS with dedicated vehicle assignment. Some interesting insights about the FB-ACT system are also shown in the study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Automated Container Terminal,Filtered beam search,Multiresource conflict-free dispatching
New solution of abstract architecture for control and coordination decentralized systems	2018	Tehnicki Vjesnik	2018, Strojarski Facultet. All rights reserved.This paper contains a new approach that combines the advantages and disadvantages of suppressing hierarchical and heterarchical control architectures, creating a semi-heterarchical (holonic) control architecture. The degree of subordinate unit autonomy changes dynamically, depending on the presence of a system disruption, and its scope allows for a smooth transition from hierarchical to heterarchic control architecture in subordinate units. We have proposed a representation of the dynamic degree of autonomy and its possible application to subordinate units, which are, in our case, one-directional Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and are guided by magnetic tape. In order to achieve such a semi-heterarchic management architecture with a dynamic degree of autonomy, approaches such as smart product, stymergic (indirect) communication, or basic principles of holon approach have been implemented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	3	Engineering (all)	Advanced industrial engineering,Biologically inspired techniques,Multi-agent system,Simulation,Sustainable production
Industry 4.0: Technologies and OS&H implications	2018	Geoingegneria Ambientale e Mineraria	2018 Patron Editore S.r.l..All Rights Reserved.The rapid spread of the Industry 4.0 technologies is deeply changing workplaces. In order to achieve the so-called Forth Industrial Revolution, several open issues have to be faced, concerning technologies, enterprise organization and knowledge. Automation systems are already replacing men in manual, repetitive tasks: both shop-floor and office operations are experiencing this kind of transformation. Therefore, the role of human operators is shifting from manual work to knowledge work: people will be increasingly required to manage and exploit technologies by interacting with automation devices. In order to fulfill such requirements, operators will need to own appropriate knowledge and skills, enabling them to profitably understand the feedback data and take complex decisions to guarantee high performance levels for the enterprise. Obviously, this change cannot ignore the need to maintain and improve Occupational Safety and Health - OS&H conditions, whose assessment and management are entrusted to specific analyses of each production context. The paper proposes some applications on innovative technologies involved in Industrial production scenarios, highlighting also how a different and tailored analysis on Occupational Safety and Health - OS&H aspects are essential to both ensure and preserve safety and health of workers in a continuous working environment changing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	1	Environmental Engineering,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology	Collaborative robotics,Industry 4.0,Lean manufacturing,New technologies,OS&H
Initial fine alignment based on self-contained measurement in erection manoeuvre	2018	IET Science, Measurement and Technology	The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2018.The initial alignment is vital to the inertial navigation system of a cruise vehicle. The existing initial fine alignment methods in the erection process are mostly dependent on other equipment to provide measurements, which increase the complexity and cost of the system and may cause some measurement error and noise. To solve this problem, an initial fine alignment method based on self-contained measurement is proposed and executed during the erection process with a static base. The self-contained measurement is obtained through the modelling of a multi-level dynamic lever arm. Using the selfcontained measurement, the fine alignment model is derived and the precision of initial fine alignment can be improved. Finally, experiments were carried out and verified the validity of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A new multi-criterion decision making (MCDM) method based on proximity indexed value for minimizing rank reversals	2018	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdThe identification of best alternative from amongst the available choices is a complex task dependent upon the user priorities that needs to be graded on a rating scale requiring careful consideration of all influencing characteristic features of individual alternative. Several multi criterion decision making techniques are available to facilitate the decision maker arrive at a best alternative by ranking the alternatives in an order of preference. However, it has been observed that with the addition of new alternatives or deletion of existing alternatives, the ranks of the available alternatives, indicating their suitability to a particular set of requirements, is not maintained. This is often described as rank reversal phenomenon by many researchers. The commonly used MCDM methods are particularly incapable of preventing this rank reversal phenomenon. Thus, addition of new alternative/s or deletion of existing alternative/s creates a modified order of preference which may, sometimes, lead to erroneous decisions/results. In the present research work, an effort has been made to critically examine the rank reversal phenomenon with an aim to propose a new method to obviate this problem. In order to establish the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed method in preventing the rank reversal phenomenon, several case studies covering different technological specializations from the reported literature work have been considered. The results indicate that the rank reversal issue was found to be minimal with the use of proposed method and a good correlation was found to exist between the rankings obtained by the proposed method and the other commonly used MCDM methods. The proposed method is thus capable of preventing the rank reversal phenomenon, arising out of change in available alternatives.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	19	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Decision making,Ideal solution,Normalization,Proximity index,Rank reversal
Stochastic modeling of unloading and loading operations at a container terminal using automated lifting vehicles	2018	European Journal of Operational Research	2017 Elsevier B.V.With the growing worldwide trade, container terminals have grown in number and size. To increase operational efficiency, many new terminals are now automated. The key focus is on improving seaside processes, where a distinction can be made between single quay crane operations (all quay cranes are either loading or unloading containers) and overlapping quay crane operations (some quay cranes are loading while others are unloading containers). Using a network of open and semi-open queues, we develop a new integrated stochastic model for analyzing the performance of overlapping loading and unloading operations that capture the complex stochastic interactions among quayside, vehicle, and stackside processes. The analytical model is solved using an iterative algorithm based on the parametric decomposition approximation approach. The system performance is tested at varying container traffic levels. We find that the percent absolute errors in throughput times compared to simulation are less than 10% for all cases. Using these integrated models, we are able to generate design insights and also rapidly analyze what-if scenarios. For example, we show that the best yard layout configurations for single (either loading or unloading) operations and the best for overlapping (both loading and unloading) operations largely overlap. The best configurations have relatively few stack blocks and many rows per block. The model is generic and amenable to obtain other design and operational performance insights.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	10	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Logistics,Queueing theory,Stochastic modeling,Transportation
An integrated performance driven manufacturing management strategy based on overall system effectiveness	2018	Computers in Industry	2018 The AuthorsThe re-engineering of a manufacturing assembly line should allow an organisation to obtain significant performance improvement toward meeting company objectives. These performance improvements, often in the areas of quality, cost, and delivery (QCD) may be external in areas affecting customer satisfaction, and internal in areas such as improving average productivity obtained per staff member, or per unit of production area floor space. An Overall System Efficiency (OSE) decision support model is described for use in the analysis and prediction of customer satisfaction goals. The OSE model uses customer service level in terms of stockout frequency as a trade-off parameter when optimising overall performance achievable from the production line.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	3	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Historical data simulation,Manufacturing,Multiple objectives,Overall system effectiveness,Process improvement
Distributed Maneuvering of Autonomous Surface Vehicles Based on Neurodynamic Optimization and Fuzzy Approximation	2018	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	2017 IEEE.This brief is concerned with the distributed maneuvering of multiple autonomous surface vehicles guided by a virtual leader moving along a parameterized path. In the guidance loop, a distributed guidance law is developed by incorporating a constant bearing strategy into a path-maneuvering design such that a prescribed formation pattern can be reached. To optimize the guidance signal under velocity constraint as well as minimize control torque during transient phase, an optimization-based command governor is employed to generate an optimal guidance signal for vehicle kinetics. The optimization problem is formulated as a bound-constrained quadratic programming problem, which is solved using a recurrent neural network. In the control loop, an estimator is developed where a fuzzy system is used to approximate unknown kinetics based on input and output data. Next, a kinetic control law is constructed based on the optimal command signal and the fuzzy-system-based estimator. By virtue of cascade stability analysis, it is proven that distributed maneuvering errors converge to a residual set. The simulation results illustrate the efficacy of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	109	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous surface vehicles (ASVs),boundconstrained quadratic programming,constant bearing (CB),distributed maneuvering,fuzzy systems,recurrent neural network (RNN)
Tabu search algorithm for the distance-constrained vehicle routing problem with split deliveries by order	2018	PLoS ONE	2018 Xia et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.The vehicle routing problem (VRP) has a wide range of applications in the field of logistics distribution. In order to reduce the cost of logistics distribution, the distance-constrained and capacitated VRP with split deliveries by order (DCVRPSDO) was studied. We show that the customer demand, which can’t be split in the classical VRP model, can only be discrete split deliveries by order. A model of double objective programming is constructed by taking the minimum number of vehicles used and minimum vehicle traveling cost as the first and the second objective, respectively. This approach contains a series of constraints, such as single depot, single vehicle type, distance-constrained and load capacity limit, split delivery by order, etc. DCVRPSDO is a new type of VRP. A new tabu search algorithm is designed to solve the problem and the examples testing show the efficiency of the proposed algorithm. This paper focuses on constructing a double objective mathematical programming model for DCVRPSDO and designing an adaptive tabu search algorithm (ATSA) with good performance to solving the problem. The performance of the ATSA is improved by adding some strategies into the search process, including: (a) a strategy of discrete split deliveries by order is used to split the customer demand; (b) a multi-neighborhood structure is designed to enhance the ability of global optimization; (c) two levels of evaluation objectives are set to select the current solution and the best solution; (d) a discriminating strategy of that the best solution must be feasible and the current solution can accept some infeasible solution, helps to balance the performance of the solution and the diversity of the neighborhood solution; (e) an adaptive penalty mechanism will help the candidate solution be closer to the neighborhood of feasible solution; (f) a strategy of tabu releasing is used to transfer the current solution into a new neighborhood of the better solution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Multidisciplinary	None
How supply chain choices affect the life cycle impacts of medical products	2018	Journal of Cleaner Production	2018 Elsevier LtdThe natural resource based view (NRBV) suggests there are two main models used by businesses to achieve short-term sustainability outcomes. They are the product stewardship and pollution prevention models. Here is the case of a New York-based wholesaler of medical supplies. The business aims to develop a more environmentally sustainable supply chain for one of its products - an emesis basin. The emesis basin is currently only offered in high-density polyethylene (HDPE) plastic, which has negative effects on the natural environment. This study aimed to assess how the new business model might affect the overall life cycle impacts of this product. To achieve this, we compared the environmental impacts of the conventional product (Scenario 1– an HDPE basin) with equivalent products supplied via pollution prevention (Scenario 2 – a bioplastic basin) and product stewardship (Scenario 3 – green supply chain management and improvements) scenarios, as well as a combination scenario (Scenario 4). The results show that, in line with expectations, the pollution prevention option – switching to a bioplastic product – has the lowest environmental impacts. Unexpectedly though, the product stewardship option had a greater impact on the natural environment than the conventional HDPE, business-as-usual option. We suggest there may be greater environmental gains to be obtained by focusing on one's core business, than by extending influence across the supply chain.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	6	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Life cycle assessment (LCA),Medical supply sector,Natural resource-based view (NRBV),Sustainable supply chains
Risk assessment methodologies in maintenance decision making: A review of dependability modelling approaches	2018	Reliability Engineering and System Safety	2018 Elsevier LtdThe risk assessment process performs an important role in maintenance decision making, through structuring the process of identifying, prioritizing, and thereafter formulating effective maintenance strategies. However, the effectiveness of the implemented strategies is influenced by the extent to which asset failure dependencies are taken into account during the risk assessment process. In the literature, several risk assessment methods are discussed that vary widely depending on factors such as modelling of failure dependencies in dynamic assets, and treating uncertainties associated with sparse reliability data. These factors invariably influence the extent to which different risk assessment methods are applicable for maintenance decision making. This article reviews the state-of-the-art knowledge on risk assessment in the context of maintenance decision making, with a particular focus on dependability modelling methods. The review structures knowledge on dependability modelling approaches, treatment of uncertainty, and highlights important challenges researchers and practitioners are likely to experience when performing risk assessment in the context of maintenance decision making. The challenges highlighted include the resolution complexity of methods such as Bayesian networks, especially while assessing risks of assets with complex failure dependencies.	Journal	j	re	Review	Belgium	13	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Asset failure,Dependability modelling,Maintenance decision making,Risk assessment,Uncertainty
AGV path planning considering alternative paths based on time window of road section	2018	Chinese Journal of Engineering Design	2011 Chinese Journal of Engineering Design.To solve the problem of the automated guided vehicle (AGV) path planning based on the unloader task of automated container terminal, an AGV path planning method based on time window of road section was proposed through combining the optimal path mathematical model, path searching method and time window. First of all, the AGV with dispatched task was planned the shortest path by the optimal path mathematical model. Secondly, AGV alternative paths were selected through path searching method. When the path length was the same, the selection priority was determined by the number of turning times in the path, and the alternative path with fewer turning times had higher priority. Finally, time windows of road section were set up under AGV shortest path. If the time windows on the same road section were not overlapped, then the AGV was collision free on the path. As for the overlapped time window of road section, the time window would be inserted into the original path or the alternative path. Then time window's overlap test and adjustment continued if there still existed overlaps until the multiple AGV paths planning without time window overlap. In order to verify the validity of the method, a case of eight AGVs working simultaneously was experimented to prove that the proposed path planning method had good free-collision effect on AGVs. The results showed that this method could be used to plan a non-conflict optimization path for AGVs working simultaneously and to get the shorter time path availably. It was found that the method of insert time window on the alternative path was better. The reasearch shows that the proposed method has good free-collision effect on AGVs. Besides, it can effectively improve the efficiency of AGV utilization and automatic container terminal operation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computational Mechanics,Civil and Structural Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Mechanical Engineering	Automated container terminal,Automated guided vehicle(AGV),Path planning,Time window
Automatic tracking system for intelligent car based on inductance-to-digital conversion sensor	2018	Chinese Journal of Engineering Design	2011 Chinese Journal of Engineering Design.An intelligent tracking system based on inductance-to-digital converter is proposed to solve the problem that the path identification sensors are susceptible to electromagnetic and light interference. A method of expanding induction range by extending sensor induction coil was obtained through the analysis of the working principle of the inductance-to-digital conversion sensor. Then a sensor module with a single LDC1000 inductance digital converter was designed based on this method, and the module realized extending sensor coil through the use of SN74LV4052A analog switch. The MSP430 MCU was used to achieve a tracking test system including main control module, power module, drive module and sensor module. The tracking function of hardware testing system was implemented through the real-time acquisition and processing of sensor data to adjust position of the car. At last, the sensor-to-metal sensing experiments and tracking tests were performed on the test system. Experimental results showed that the horizontal and vertical distance changes between the track and the coil could be detected by the sensor, which provided guarantee for the tracking function. At the same time, the system could get a good tracking effect in the foil track with width of 5 mm. The research result indicates that this system has characteristics of strong applicability and stable detection technology, so that it can be widely applied to the industrial field of intelligent tracking in the future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computational Mechanics,Civil and Structural Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Mechanical Engineering	Automatic tracking car,Eddy current testing,Inductance-to-digital conversion sensor,Metal detection
Optimal Path Tracking Control Method of Omni-directional Mobile AGV Based on Pose State	2018	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2018, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.An optimal control method based on pose state and limited steps of control sequences was presented for path tracking of an omni-directional mobile automated guided vehicles (AGV), as the key of automated guided vehicle autonomous movement was precise path tracking. Firstly, under the system constraints, the continuous system was discretized by establishing the kinematic model and analyzing the kinematic model of the system. Secondly, by selecting the two order integral function as the objective function of the optimal control, a selection of weighted matrix for optimal control was avoided when an objective function only included one item of speed control and a control sequence of the system control quantity was obtained by minimizing objective function. Meanwhile, the limited steps of control sequences were also beneficial to the rolling control of real time embedded controller. In addition, the control efficiency of the system can be improved by reducing the number of control steps under the condition that the control cycle was determined and the control performance was satisfied. Finally, simulation and experiment results showed that when the system was stable, the angle error of the path tracking was within 2°, the distance error was less than 2 mm, and the control time was 0.8~1.2 s. Thus the algorithm can eliminate pose error quickly, synchronously and stably for different speeds, and the computation was small and convenient.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automatically guided vehicle,Discrete system,Optimal control,Path tracking
Pure Rolling Steering System Design and Research on Non-sideslip Steering Control for Wheeled AGV	2018	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2018, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.Aiming to eliminate the wheel sideslip of the front wheel guided AGV, a kind of double crank steering system with changing length link was designed based on the steering principle of Ackermann. By deducing steering dynamics models, closed loop control models of rotation angle of left and right front wheels were established in consideration of steering resisting moment. PID synchronous control algorithm of steering angle of left and right front wheels was proposed. The dynamic responses of steering control models were simulated by Matlab, and the relative control parameters were obtained. With Panasonic PLC as the core, a measurement and control system of AGV steering was built up, which consisted of AC servo motor of left front wheel, AC servo motor of push rod, actuator and encoder. Synchronous closed loop control flow of front wheel steering system was designed, and real-time synchronous control of rotation angle of left and right front wheels and the collection of rotation angle data were realized to meet the principle of pure rolling steering. Pivot steering test on grassland roadway and turning travel test of AGV along S-type trajectory under hard roadway showed that the errors between expected turning angle and actual turning angle of left and right front wheels of steering system of front wheel guide AGV were no more than 0.1°, and AGV steering system can approximately satisfy the movement condition of pure rolling and non-sideslip, which validated the correctness and effectiveness of pure rolling steering system design of wheeled AGV and steering control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Non-sideslip steering control,Pure rolling steering system,Steering dynamics,Wheeled AGV
The use of technology development envelope and technology roadmapping principles for developing countries as a basis for long-term technology planning in South Africa	2018	Towards Sustainable Technologies and Innovation - Proceedings of the 27th Annual Conference of the International Association for Management of Technology, IAMOT 2018	2018 Towards Sustainable Technologies and Innovation - Proceedings of the 27th Annual Conference of the International Association for Management of Technology, IAMOT 2018. All rights reserved.The aim of this study is to improve the Technology Development Envelope (TDE) framework with the principles derived from a technology roadmapping framework for developing countries. The TDE framework focuses on emerging technology trends, organisation objectives and assessment of technology value based on the ability of individual technologies to achieve the desired objectives. The technology roadmapping framework for developing countries introduces principles such as technological capability development, adoption of third generation technology roadmaps, window of opportunity, technology leapfrogging, etc. This exploratory study focuses on the application of robotic technology for improvement of competitiveness within the South African industry. The robotics technology trends from across the world are used to represent the consensus around technology futures. In addition to the robotics technology trends, national objectives are incorporated into the analysis. The hierarchical model includes criteria and factors such as the desired complementarity to the existing and new technological capabilities as well as the extent of resonance with the innovation landscape. The preliminary findings show that there are several candidate robotics technologies that can be key in improving the competitiveness of the South African manufacturing sector. These root technologies include reconfigurable assembly, cooperative robots, computer vision, machine learning, simulation, system architecture and adaptation. These technologies have a potential impact in adding capabilities such as adaptable and reconfigurable assembly, rapid deployment of assembly lines, integrated manufacturing through cooperative robots and novel product development through machine learning. The innovation landscape factors such as the government's objectives to eliminate unemployment, poverty and inequality have potential influence on the acceptability of these candidate robotic technologies. The proposed technology planning framework for developing countries is useful in driving the technology prioritisation agenda that resonates well with the innovation landscape conditions for the organisation, industry or the country.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Management of Technology and Innovation	Manufacturing,Prioritisation,Robotics,Technology development envelope,Technology roadmap
Bag-of-features based classification of dermoscopic images	2018	2017 4th International Conference on Opto-Electronics and Applied Optics, Optronix 2017	2017 IEEE.Dermoscopy image analysis is one of the open challenge and important issue related to biomedical image analysis. Determination of different diseases of skin is necessary in medical practices. Automated techniques are proved to be useful in detection and classification process of different skin diseases. There are several automated computer guided tools and frameworks have been proposed for early detection and analysis of skin diseases. In this work a comprehensive study on dermoscopic image analysis using bag-of-features has been presented. Bag-of-features is one of the well-known classification method. It uses local description of images. In case of dermoscopy image analysis, color and texture plays a vital role. Color and texture descriptors have been also discussed. Future directions in dermoscopy image analysis based on bag-of-features model are also presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	bag-of-features,dermoscopy image analysis,skin disease classification
Cyber Physical Autonomous Mobile Robot (CPAMR) Framework in the Context of Industry 4.0	2018	MATEC Web of Conferences	2018 The Authors.Industry 4.0 or Smart Manufacturing creates intelligent object networking and independent process management through Internet of thing and data services. Cyber-Physical System (CPS) communicates among humans, machines and products through Internet of Things (IoT). In this paper a cyber physical autonomous mobile robot (CPAMR) IoT infrastructure system has been proposed. It is capable of performing human-machine interact by allowing users to place and manage orders using cloud platform. The Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system processes the data and send the product's data to Radio-frequency identification (RFID) tag system for storage and printout. Through Remote Telemetry Unit (RTU), the status of the product, CPAMR system and workstations or machineries are linked to the cloud platform. Initially, system identify the locations of CPAMR, product and the desired workstation. After gathering all the required information, Artificial Intelligence Algorithms (AIA) performs real time route map planning according to the shortest distance between CPAMR and the destination. This route map planning will then be sent to the CPAMR's micro-controller for operation. While the CPAMR is moving, it moves according to the planned route map with the assistance of the Obstacle Avoidance System until it reaches the destination and notifies cloud platform. Three individual projects representing three main functions of the proposed CPAMR have been carried out. Results show that the framework of the project is viable.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	1	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles in digital supply chains: A framework for integrating innovations towards sustainable value networks	2018	Journal of Cleaner Production	2018 The AuthorsThe principal objective of this research is to provide a framework that captures the main software architecture elements for developing highly customised simulation tools that support the effective integration of Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles (IAVs) in sustainable supply networks, as an emerging field in the operations management agenda. To that end, the study's contribution is fourfold including: (i) a review of software simulation tools and platforms used in assessing the performance of IAVs interlinked with sustainability ramifications in supply chain (SC) ecosystems, (ii) an integrated software framework for monitoring and assessing the sustainability performance of SCs defined by the utilisation of innovative IAVs in operations, (iii) a translation of the proposed SC framework into a corresponding software application through a robust five-stage stepwise process, and (iv) a demonstration of the developed software tool through its application on the case of an IAV system operating in a customisable warehouse model. Our analysis highlights the flexibility resulting from a decentralised software management architecture, thus enabling the dynamic reconfiguration of a SC network. In addition, the developed pilot simulation tool can assist operations managers in capturing the operational needs of facilities and assessing the performance of IAV systems while considering sustainability parameters.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	25	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Digital supply chains,Innovation,Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles,Mobile industrial robots,Simulation software framework,Simulation tool,Sustainability
GCC based agents collaboration mediation: A case study of medical waste AGV transportation	2018	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2018 Association for Computing Machinery.Autonomous agents collaboration at run-time is a fundamental part of multi-agent oriented adaptive collaboration systems (ACSs) when an agent cannot accomplish a task by itself under changing environment. Such collaborations are usually regulated by commitment protocols, which are typically defined at design-time. However, agent commitments among the participants to meld collaborative patterns typically defined in static environments, which may not fit the need of ACSs. To address this, we propose a Goal-Capability-Commitment (GCC) based mediation for agents collaboration at run-time that combines invalid diagnoser, capability reconciliation and commitment compensation. We elaborate on each of GCC elements, focusing in particular on the feasibility afforded by (1) the ability to diagnose the failures of capability and commitment leaded by the changing environments, and (2) the ability of mediation to select appropriate capability or generate new commitment in order to satisfy the invalid goals. We represent the GCC model in a hospital medical waste AGV transportation case study and illustrate our approach through experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Adaptive collaboration systems,Agents collaboration,AGV-based simulation,GCC
Predicting collisions: time-to-contact forecasting based on probabilistic segmentation and system identification	2018	Advanced Robotics	2018 Taylor & Francis and The Robotics Society of Japan.The Time-to-contact (TTC) estimate is mainly used in robotics navigation, in order to detect potential danger with obstacles in the environment. A key aspect in a robotic system is to perform its tasks promptly. Several approaches have been proposed to estimate reliable TTC in order to avoid collisions in real-time; nevertheless they are time consuming due to a calculation of scene characteristics in every frame. This paper presents an approach to estimate TTC using monocular vision based on the size change of the obstacles over time (T); therefore, the robotic system may react promptly to its environment. Our approach collects information from few data of an obstacle, then the behavior of the movement is found through an online recursive modeling process, and finally, a forecasting of the upcoming positions is computed. We segment the obstacles using probabilistic hidden Markov chains. Our proposal is compared to a classical color segmentation approach using two real image sequences, each sequence is composed of 210 frames. Our results show that our proposal obtained smoother segmentations than a traditional color-based approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications	Forecasting,MAP,modeling,system identification,Time-to-contact
Modelling deadlock in open restricted queueing networks	2018	European Journal of Operational Research	2017 The Author(s)Open restricted queueing networks give rise to the phenomenon of deadlock, whereby some customers may be unable to ever leave a server due to mutual blocking. This paper explores deadlock in queueing networks with limited queueing capacity, presents a method of detecting deadlock in discrete event simulations, and builds Markov chain models of these deadlocking networks. The three networks for which Markov models are given include single and multi-server networks for one and two node systems. The expected times to deadlock of these models are compared to results obtained using a simulation of the stochastic process, together with the developed deadlock detection method. This paper aims to be of value to simulation modellers of queues.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	4	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Deadlock,Markov models,Queueing,Queueing networks
Safe and efficient fleet operation for autonomous machines: An actor-based approach	2018	Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Applied Computing	2018 Authors.In this paper, we formally model and verify run-time requirements of an application consisting of complex electrified machines called HX autonomous haulers, developed by Volvo Construction Equipment. To model the fleet control, we use Timed Rebeca, an actor-based modeling language, and to analyze the system performance, we use Afra, an integrated environment for modeling and verifying distributed systems modeled by Rebeca or Timed Rebeca language. We run a set of experiments to find the improved configuration in which the total time for machines to complete one operating cycle is minimized.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iceland	5	Software	Actor model,Autonomous machine,Embedded system,Model checking,Performance evaluation,Timed rebeca
Fast consensus for fully distributed multi-agent task allocation	2018	Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Applied Computing	2018 ACM.In distributed multi-agent task allocation problems, the time to find a solution and a guarantee of reaching a solution, i.e. an execution plan, is critical to ensure a fast response. The problem is made more difficult by time constraints on tasks and on agents, which may prevent some tasks from being executed. This paper proposes a new distributed consensus-based task allocation algorithm that reduces convergence time with respect to previous methods, i.e. the time required for the network of agents to agree on a task allocation, while maximising the number of allocated tasks. The novel idea is to reduce the time to reach consensus among agents by using a hierarchy or rank-based conflict resolution among agents. Unlike other existing algorithms, this method enables different agents to construct their task schedules using any insertion heuristic, and still guarantee convergence. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed approach can allocate a greater number of tasks in a shorter time than an established baseline method. Additionally, the analysis delineates dependencies between optimal insertion strategies and number of tasks per agent, providing insights for further optimisation strategies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	4	Software	Auction-based scheduling,Distributed task allocation,Heuristic algorithms,Multi-agent systems
Characteristics of Reduction Gear in Electric Agricultural Vehicle	2018	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In electric agricultural machine a reduction gear is needed to convert the high speed rotation motion generated by DC motor to lower speed rotation motion used by the vehicle. The reduction gear consists of several spur gears. Spur gears are the most easily visualized gears that transmit motion between two parallel shafts and easy to produce. The modelling and simulation of spur gears in DC motor reduction gear is important to predict the actual motion behaviour. A pair of spur gear tooth in action is generally subjected to two types of cyclic stress: contact stress and bending stress. The stress may not attain their maximum values at the same point of contact fatigue. These types of failure can be minimized by analysis of the problem during the design stage and creating proper tooth surface profile with proper manufacturing methods. To improve its life expectation in this study modal and stress analysis of reduction gear is simulated using ANSYS workbench based on finite element method (FEM). The modal analysis was done to understand reduction gear deformation behaviour when vibration occurs. FEM static stress analysis is also simulated on reduction gear to simulate the gear teeth bending stress and contact stress behaviour.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Optimal trajectory and schedule planning for autonomous guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing system	2018	Proceedings - 2nd IEEE International Conference on Robotic Computing, IRC 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper proposed an algorithm to solve major challenges in the domain of autonomous transportation systems. These challenges are trajectory planning and collision avoidance. Generally, in a shared infrastructure where several agents aim to use limited capacity resources, finding a set of optimal and conflict-free paths for each single agent is the most critical part. In such a dynamic environment where continual planning and scheduling are required, we have adopted a coupled (centralized) technique and face the problem by breaking it into two distinct phases: path planning and collision avoidance. In the first phase, the lowest cost path is planned for each agent by a modified version of Dijkstra algorithm. Following that, in the second phase, the head-on collisions can be foreseen and avoided by detecting the agents' common segments of the path choices. Finally, based on the capacity of each resource and the feasibility of each path, the task assignment and scheduling algorithm allocates different tasks between agents.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Software	Collision avoidance,Flexible manufacturing systems,Multi agent,Path planning
Decentralized Motion Planning and Scheduling of AGVs in an FMS	2018	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.In this paper, decentralized motion planning and scheduling of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a flexible manufacturing system is proposed. A motion planner is combined with a scheduler allowing each AGV to update its destination resource during navigation in order to complete the transported product. The proposed strategy is based on two steps. The first step consists in planning a presumed trajectory to avoid collision conflicts previously detected by a central supervisor, enabling more appropriate decentralized scheduling by AGVs. The presumed trajectories, which represent the intentions of AGVs, are then exchanged with neighboring AGVs. The second step uses the presumed trajectories of neighbors to compute a collision-free trajectory according to the priority policy. Numerical and experimental results are provided to show the pertinence and the feasibility of the proposed strategy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	22	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs),motion planning,scheduling
Optimizing Container Loading with Autonomous Robots	2018	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2017 IEEE.In this paper, we investigate a problem associated with transferring a set of containers from the storage to the loading area of a warehouse using autonomous robots. In addition to assigning robots to containers, the special topology considered in this paper requires coordinated planning of the robots' movement to avoid conflicts. We formulate the joint problem of robot assignment and movement coordination with the objective of minimizing the time required for all robots to carry their assigned containers to the destination, subject to conflict-free movement of all robots. We use the concept of abstract time windows (ATWs) to represent the movement of robots. The conditions for detecting conflicts in the ATW representation are introduced along with the necessary operations for resolving conflicts. For the solution of the problem, two approaches are developed. The first is a mathematical programming approach that formulates the problem as a mixed-integer linear program that allows optimal solution using appropriate solvers, while the second is a heuristic approach that allows fast, close-to-optimal solutions. Even though the proposed approaches focus on the case where the number of robots is equal to the number of containers, we also discuss how to solve the problem when having unequal number of robots and containers. Simulation results show that the heuristic approach provides a solution within 5% of the optimal solution with the minimum time of completion of all tasks being the performance metric, and executes six orders of magnitude faster than a state-of-the-art mathematical programming solver. Note to Practitioners - Robotic systems are increasingly used in logistics facilities, such as warehouses and container terminals. Nonetheless, achieving improved efficiency in this context poses several challenges in terms of real-time execution, coordinated resolution of robot conflicts, and adaptation to unpredictable events in operational environments. This paper examines a problem related to the coordination of a team of autonomous robots operating in a container handling facility, where containers need to be transferred from the storage area to a loading station. The considered topology involves containers arranged in lanes for efficient storage, but imposes limitations on the movement of autonomous robots. Such a topology is commonly found in container terminals where straddle carriers have to transfer containers from a storage yard to quay cranes or trucks and vice versa, but have limitations on moving on the same or even adjacent container lanes. To address this problem, we develop a novel method that efficiently assigns containers to robots and defines appropriate timings for collective coordination of robot movements. We illustrate that the proposed method provides very efficient results (within 5% from the optimal) for multiple configuration scenarios. Even more importantly, the method is suitable for real-time execution as it solves problems with hundreds of robots/containers within a few milliseconds; this further offers the ability for solution adaptation in dynamically varying environments, e.g., in situations of robot delays or breakdowns.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Cyprus	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous robots,container handling facility,multirobot assignment and coordination,optimization
CPS-Based Smart Control Model for Shopfloor Material Handling	2018	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have been widely used in manufacturing and supply chain management for material handling. The efficiency of the material handling process has been the bottleneck of the production manufacturing. By applying maturing technologies such as sensing, cloud computing, and wireless communication, the efficiency and the reliability of the material delivery could be enhanced. In this paper, a cyber-physical system-based smart control model for shopfloor material handling is designed. In contrast to the traditional vehicle control methods, AGVs and base stations at intersections can communicate and interact with each other and share the real-time information online. Then, the smart control model, which consists of car-following model, overtaking model, and collision warning and avoidance model, is designed and developed. The presented model is demonstrated by a set of simulations and an experiment, which proved that the overall task completion efficiency and the utilization of the road are improved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	37	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),control model,cyber-physical system (CPS),material handling
Three-Phase Lines to Single-Phase Coil Planar Contactless Power Transformer	2018	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	1982-2012 IEEE.This paper proposes a three-phase lines to single-phase coil planar contactless power transformer. The transformer has the primary consisting of three-phase line cables arrayed in parallel on a plane and the secondary of single-phase coil. The proposed transformer is studied for application to automatic guided vehicles (AGVs). Uniform power transfer that is independent of the position of the AGVs is an important issue for this transformer, because of the sparse arrangement of the primary lines. To ensure that the transformer achieves uniform power transfer, the structure and dimensions of the primary are studied using numerical analysis. Additionally, an equivalent model of the proposed transformer, which is applicable to the imbalanced conditions, is presented. The equivalent model proves analytically that balanced three-phase voltage and balanced three-phase current conditions, which can be created using appropriate circuit configurations, enable uniform power transfer. The results of experiments in which the prototype of the transformer is applied to the target AGV confirm that under balanced-current conditions, which can be generated using a three-phase LCL circuit, the proposed transformer can transfer sufficient uniform power to drive the AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),contactless power transfer system
Dijkstra algorithm based intelligent path planning with topological map and wireless communication	2018	ARPN Journal of Engineering and Applied Sciences	2006-2018 Asian Research Publishing Network (ARPN).In this paper, an idea of intelligent path planning was introduced. Using information received from a server that is transmitted through a wireless communication, the data is processed to edit a provided topological map, with which a shortest path calculation will be executed. Information about the destination and blocked road parts is sent to a mobile robot using a wireless ad hoc network communication. The mobile robot will process this information in a topological 2Darray map and ignore the blocked parts of the road for the shortest path calculation based on Dijkstra's algorithm. Aside from the intelligent path planning, an automated driving algorithm was also implemented using infra-red sensors installed on the mobile robot to navigate the robot to its destination.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Philippines	3	Engineering (all)	General purpose input outputs,Infra-red sensors,Transmitter/receiver exchange
Automatic driving control based on time delay dynamic predictions 基于时间延迟动态预测的自动驾驶控制	2018	Qinghua Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Tsinghua University	2018, Tsinghua University Press. All right reserved.Signal delays, limited frontal view distances and other factors during self-driving limit the ability of self-driving cars to accurately track their planning trajectory. A simplified bicycle model was used to optimize a classical pure tracking model in an automatic driving control method based on dynamic delay prediction. A vehicle kinematics model is used to predict the vehicle motion direction and position after the delay. The optimal front sight distance is obtained according to difference between driving the actual direction and the tracking direction. MATLAB simulations show that this algorithm can track the planning trajectory at a maximum speed of 7 m/s with the average error controlled to within 0.3 m. Thus, the tracking performance is better than the traditional pure pursuit method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Complex traffic environment,Intelligent driving,On-board camera
Path planning of an AGV in the presence of two elliptical forbidden regions	2018	International Review of Mechanical Engineering	2018 Praise Worthy Prize S.r.l.-All rights reserved.The paper presents the methodology to obtain the path planning of an AGV in the presence of elliptical forbidden regions. The algorithms to compute the shortest unconstrained Euclidean distances are presented. In case of the elliptical forbidden regions Further Reduced Search Area (FRSA) Technique is used. This approach overcomes the inadequacies of earlier techniques and can yield solutions to problems involving elliptical forbidden regions. The MATLAB programming is graphic interactive and enables the user to continuously monitor the state and progress of computation. Min-sum criteria have been used to find optimum location of a new facility through revised Hook and Jeeves search method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Elliptical Forbidden Region,Euclidean Norm,FRSA,Hook and Jeeves Method,Unconstrained Path
An EV charging management system concerning drivers' trip duration and mobility uncertainty	2018	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.With continually increased attention on electric vehicles (EVs) due to environment impact, public charging stations (CSs) for EVs will become common. However, due to the limited electricity of battery, EV drivers may experience discomfort for long charging waiting time during their journeys. This often happens when a large number of (on-the-move) EVs are planning to charge at the same CS, but it has been heavily overloaded. With this concern, in an EV charging management system, we focus on CS-selection decision making and propose a scheme to manage EVs' charging plans, to minimize drivers' trip duration through intermediate charging at CSs. The proposed scheme jointly considers EVs' anticipated charging reservations (including arrival time and expected charging time) and parking duration at CSs. Furthermore, by tackling mobility uncertainty that EVs may not reach their planned CSs on time (due to traffic jams on the road), a periodical reservation updating mechanism is designed to adjust their charging plans. Results under the Helsinki city scenario with realistic EV and CS characteristics show the advantage of our proposal, in terms of minimized drivers' trip duration, as well as charging performance at the EV and CS sides.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	48	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	charging station (CS)-selection decision making,Charging system,driver's trip duration,electric vehicle (EV),mobility uncertainty
Path Tracking of an Autonomous Ground Vehicle with Different Payloads by Hierarchical Improved Fuzzy Dynamic Sliding-Mode Control	2018	IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems	1993-2012 IEEE.A hierarchically improved fuzzy dynamical sliding-model control (HIFDSMC) is presented to address the autonomous ground vehicle (AGV) path tracking problem. The proposed controller has two portions: one is the virtual desired input (VDI), and the second is the path tracking control (PTC). In addition to the equivalent control in VDI and PTC, an improved fuzzy dynamical sliding-mode control (IFDSMC) is designed to deal with the system uncertainties, e.g., different payloads. Contributions of this paper include the following four parts: 1) Based on the nominal system response, the fuzzy rules and scaling factors of the IFDSMCs in the VDI and PTC are easily chosen. In contrast, a conventional fuzzy logic control approach requires more trial-and-error tuning to obtain a satisfactory performance. 2) The proposed HIFDSMC possesses the tuning mechanism (the coefficients of two sliding surfaces, the scaling factors in indirect and direct modes, and the fine tuning in fuzzy table) such that the uncertainties are tackled without a larger computational burden. 3) The stability of the closed-loop system is verified by the Lyapunov stability with hierarchical concept. 4) Different payloads not at the mass center of the AGV (e.g., greater than 25% in the total weight of the AGV) are tackled by the IFDSMCs to obtain a satisfactory performance. Finally, the application to the assembly line of the AGV with different payloads to track the circular and piecewise straight-line paths by the proposed HIFDSMC is compared with the hierarchical fuzzy decentralized PTC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	35	Control and Systems Engineering,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous ground vehicle (AGV),hierarchical control,improved fuzzy dynamic sliding-mode control (IFDSMC),Lyapunov stability theory
Application of hierarchical facility location problem for optimization of a drone delivery system: a case study of Amazon prime air in the city of San Francisco	2018	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2017, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.In the last decade, aerial delivery system has been considered as a promising response to increasing traffic jams and incremental demand for transportation. In this study, a distance-constrained mobile hierarchical facility location problem is used in order to find the optimal number and locations of launch and recharge stations with the objective of minimizing the total costs of the system. System costs include establishment cost for launching and recharge stations, drone procurement, and drone usage costs. It is supposed that the demand occurs according to Poisson distribution, distributed uniformly along the network edges and is satisfied by the closest open facility. Since the flying duration of a drone is limited to its endurance, it may visit one or more recharge stations to reach to the demand point. This route is calculated by the shortest path algorithm, and the Euclidean distance is considered between nodes and facilities. It is proved that facility location problems are NP-hard on a general graph. Accordingly, heuristic algorithms are proposed as solution method. To illustrate the applicability of the algorithms, a case study is presented and the results are discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Cyprus	38	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Drone delivery system,Hierarchical facility location,Hybrid genetic algorithm,Stochastic demand
Scheduling Cluster Tools in Semiconductor Manufacturing: Recent Advances and Challenges	2018	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.Cluster tools are automated robotic manufacturing systems containing multiple computer-controlled process modules. They have been increasingly used for wafer fabrication. This paper reviews the modeling and scheduling methods for cluster tools with both nonrevisiting and revisiting processes. For nonrevisiting processes, we focus on the modeling and scheduling problems of cluster tools with different constraints. Then, their solution methods are reviewed and compared. For revisiting processes, this paper first discusses the scheduling problem of some general manufacturing systems with revisiting. Then, the modeling and scheduling methodologies used to solve the scheduling problems of cluster tools with revisiting processes are reviewed. Future research directions and conclusions are finally discussed.Note to Practitioners-Semiconductor manufacturing systems are among the most advanced and complicated manufacturing systems. Their key equipment is highly automated robot-based cluster tools. With wafer residency time constraints, wafer revisiting, activity time variation, chamber cleaning requirements, and failure-prone process modules (PMs), it is very challenging to schedule and control them. This paper surveys their modeling and scheduling methods. Scheduling them requires one to schedule their robot tasks and processing activities simultaneously. Owing to wafer residency time constraints and the lack of buffers among PMs, it is difficult to conduct their optimal scheduling. This paper presents a thorough review of the state-of-the-art research results about modeling and optimal scheduling of clusters tools and indicates the future research directions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,modeling and scheduling,semiconductor manufacturing,wafer fabrication
Constraint programming and operations research	2018	Constraints	2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.We present an overview of the integration of constraint programming (CP) and operations research (OR) to solve combinatorial optimization problems. We interpret CP and OR as relying on a common primal-dual solution approach that provides the basis for integration using four main strategies. The first strategy tightly interweaves propagation from CP and relaxation from OR in a single solver. The second applies OR techniques to domain filtering in CP. The third decomposes the problem into a portion solved by CP and a portion solved by OR, using CP-based column generation or logic-based Benders decomposition. The fourth uses relaxed decision diagrams developed for CP propagation to help solve dynamic programming models in OR. The paper cites a significant fraction of the literature on CP/OR integration and concludes with future perspectives.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Software,Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Constraint programming,Hybrid optimization,Operations research
Path planning for automatic guided vehicle with multiple target points in dynamic environment	2018	MATEC Web of Conferences	The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2018.In path planning field, Automatic guided vehicle (AGV) has to move from an initial point towards a target point with capability to avoid obstacles. There are A∗, D∗ and D∗ lite path planning algorithms in the path planning algorithm. This paper proposes a modified D∗ lite path planning algorithm using the most efficient D∗ lite among these algorithms. The modified D∗ lite path planning algorithm is to improve these D∗ lite path planning algorithm's weaknesses such as traversing across obstacles sharp corners, or traversing between two obstacles. To do this task, the followings are done. First, a work space is divided into square cells. Second, cost of each edge connecting current node to neighbor nodes is calculated. Third, the shortest paths from the initial point to all multiple target points are computed and the shortest paths from any target point to remaining target points including the goal point are computed by using Hamilton path. Fourth, a cost-minimal path is re-calculated as soon as the laser sensor detects an obstacle and make an updated list of target points. Finally, the validity of the proposed modified D∗ lite path planning algorithm is verified through simulation and experimental results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Terminal Sliding Mode Tracking Controller Design for Automatic Guided Vehicle	2018	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Based on sliding mode variable structure control theory, the path tracking problem of automatic guided vehicle is studied, proposed a controller design method based on the terminal sliding mode. First of all, through analyzing the characteristics of the automatic guided vehicle movement, the kinematics model is presented. Then to improve the traditional expression of terminal sliding mode, design a nonlinear sliding mode which the convergence speed is faster than the former, verified by theoretical analysis, the design of sliding mode is steady and fast convergence in the limited time. Finally combining Lyapunov method to design the tracking control law of automatic guided vehicle, the controller can make the automatic guided vehicle track the desired trajectory in the global sense as well as in finite time. The simulation results verify the correctness and effectiveness of the control law.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Self-learning interval type-2 fuzzy neural network controllers for trajectory control of a Delta parallel robot	2018	Neurocomputing	2017This paper presents a self-learning interval type-2 fuzzy neural network (SLIT2FNN) control scheme for trajectory tracking problem of a Delta robot. This intelligent control scheme is computationally efficient and can be easily applied to existing equipment. The controller has a parallel structure, which combines an interval type-2 fuzzy neural network (IT2FNN) controller and a traditional proportional-derivative (PD) controller. We use the PD controller to compensate the transient performance, and use the IT2FNN to learn the dynamic characteristics of the system. A novel arrangement of trapezoidal interval type-2 fuzzy membership functions (IT2MF) is proposed, the arrangement enables the adaptation laws to have an analytical form. A learning algorithm based on sliding mode control (SMC) theory is proposed for the parameter training of the IT2FNN system. The control algorithm learns from the feedback error online and tunes the parameters of the IT2FNN, and will become the main source of the control signal after several learning iterations. Unlike model-based control, this control method has no requirement of prior information and constraint conditions from the robot plant. Lyapunov stability method is employed to prove asymptotic stability of the proposed approach. The structure of the SLIT2FNN and the operations in each layer are introduced in detail. The performance and robustness of the proposed controller is demonstrated on the Delta robot trajectory tracking problems in the presence of structured and unstructured uncertainties. Simulation results illustrate that the proposed SLIT2FNN control approach produces higher trajectory tracking accuracy and more robust to uncertainties as compared to its counterparts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	Delta parallel robot,Intelligent control,Interval type-2 fuzzy logic systems,Neural network,Self-learning algorithm
AGWallP-Automatic guided wall painting system	2018	2017 Nirma University International Conference on Engineering, NUiCONE 2017	2017 IEEE.This paper presents the development of prototype of Automatic Wall Painting Machine guided by wall dimensions and paint colour being sent from user through a camera embedded Raspberry Pi 2 module. The Raspberry Pi Module captures the wall image and calculates the dimensions using Image Processing tools and remotely forwards the dimensions to the base painter system using bluetooth transmission. The Mechanical structure consists of a 2-D plotter with the painting joint attached to a DC operated DCV (Directional Control Valve) spray paint that moves from a point to another line by line. The plotter runs with two Nema 17 stepper motors and contains a STM32 as the slave controller, receiving the dimensions via bluetooth module connected to it. The overall system is run by a dual shaft Nema 23 Stepper motor.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	3	Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Automated Robot,Automatic Machine,Wall Painter
Collision-Free Route Planning for Multiple AGVs in an Automated Warehouse Based on Collision Classification	2018	IEEE Access	2018 IEEE.An automated warehouse system contains a number of materials, workstations, and multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). The automated warehouse is server-controlled. This paper proposes a collision-free routing method for AGVs based on collision classification. This method can deal with collisions arising in the automated warehouse. It first divides the warehouse environment into five areas, and then performs route planning. In this paper, the environment map for AGVs is described by using the grid method. The initial route of each task is predetermined by improved Dijkstra's algorithm. The server detects the potential collisions by comparing each workstation's ID and corresponding time window in every route. This paper presents four collision classifications and three solutions. Based upon the analyses and experiments, we select the corresponding solution for each type of collision. Presented case studies demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed collision-free route planning approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	collision classification,Multiple AGVs,route planning,the status of AGV,time window
Trajectory tracking control of a unicycle-type mobile robot with a new planning algorithm	2018	2017 IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics, ROBIO 2017	2017 IEEE.Trajectory tracking control is one of the core techniques that impacts the auto-driving performance of a mobile robot. Whereas, there lacks enough work on reference trajectory generation and controller design for practical usage. This paper considers mobile robots with unicycle vehicle model on which most of automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) in real world are built. A new trajectory planning algorithm is developed, and is applied along with a control law considering constraints of the unicycle model and limited motor capabilities. The proposed algorithm is easy to be implemented on real world AGVs, and it yields a fast, accurate and robust trajectory tracking performance. The effectiveness of the algorithm is validated by simulation tests.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	Mobile Robots,Robot Control,Tracjectory Planning,Trajectory Tracking
Fleet Sizing of Automated Material Handling Using Simulation Approach	2018	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Automated material handling tends to be chosen rather than using human power in material handling activity for production floor in manufacturing company. One critical issue in implementing automated material handling is designing phase to ensure that material handling activity more efficient in term of cost spending. Fleet sizing become one of the topic in designing phase. In this research, simulation approach is being used to solve fleet sizing problem in flow shop production to ensure optimum situation. Optimum situation in this research means minimum flow time and maximum capacity in production floor. Simulation approach is being used because flow shop can be modelled into queuing network and inter-arrival time is not following exponential distribution. Therefore, contribution of this research is solving fleet sizing problem with multi objectives in flow shop production using simulation approach with ARENA Software.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	1	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	ARENA Software,Automated material handling,Fleet sizing,Flow shop,Queuing theory,Simulation
The study of production performance of water heater manufacturing by using simulation method	2018	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In industrial companies, as demand increases, decision-making to increase production becomes difficult due to the complexity of the model systems. Companies are trying to find the optimum methods to tackle such problems so that resources are utilized and production is increased. One line system of a manufacturing company in Malaysia was considered in this research. The Company produces several types of water heater and each type went into many processes, which was divided into twenty six sections. Each section has several operations. The main type of the product was 10G water heater which is produced most compare to other types, hence it was taken under consideration to be studied in this research. It was difficult to find the critical section that could improve the productions of the company. This research paper employed Delmia Quest software, Distribution Analyser software and Design of Experiment (DOE software) to simulate one model system taken from the company to be studied and to find the critical section that will improve the production system. As a result, assembly of inner and outer tank section were found to be the bottleneck section. Adding one section to the bottleneck increases the production rate by four products a day. The buffer size is determined by the experiment was six items.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	producation rate,production parameters,production performances,simulation method,utilization,waiting
High gain observer based adaptive SMC for longitudinal dynamics of a customized mini UAV	2018	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2018 Association for Computing Machinery.This paper deals with the design of adaptive SMC integrated with a standard high gain observer for tracking the longitudinal dynamics of a customized mini UAV. In the proposed scheme for control law model parameters are assumed to be unknown and are estimated via adaptive laws, while the system states are estimated using high gain observer. Extensive simulations have been carried out to check the robustness of the system to external disturbances and model parametric uncertainties. Simulation results show the effectiveness of ASMC with HGO compared to full state feedback ASMC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Pakistan	1	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Adaptive Sliding Mode Control (ASMC),High gain observer (HGO),Sliding Mode Control (SMC),Unmanned Ariel Vehicle (UAV)
Didactic satellite based on Android platform for space operation demonstration and development	2018	Advances in Space Research	2018 COSPARSpace technology plays a pivotal role in society development. It offers new methods for telemetry, monitoring and control. However, this sector requires training, research and skills development but the lack of instruments, materials and budgets affects the ambiguity to understand satellite technology. The objective of this paper is to describe a demonstration prototype of a smart phone device for space operations study. Therefore, the first task was carried out to give a demonstration for spatial imagery and attitude determination missions through a wireless communication. The smart phone's Bluetooth was used to achieve this goal inclusive of a new method to enable real time transmission. In addition, an algorithm around a quaternion based Kalman filter was included in order to detect the reliability of the prototype's orientation. The second task was carried out to provide a demonstration for the attitude control mission using the smart phone's orientation sensor, including a new method for an autonomous guided mode. As a result, the acquisition platform showed real time measurement with good accuracy for orientation detection and image transmission. In addition, the prototype kept the balance during the demonstration based on the attitude control method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	0	Aerospace Engineering,Astronomy and Astrophysics,Geophysics,Atmospheric Science,Space and Planetary Science,Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	ADCS,Global positioning system,Kalman filter,Satellite,Sensors,Smart phone
Multisensor data fusion for electrical wheelchair localization using extended Kalman Filter	2018	2017 18th International Conference on Sciences and Techniques of Automatic Control and Computer Engineering, STA 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.The number of wheelchair users have been increased. In this paper, the wheelchair localization problem is studied. To localize the electrical wheelchair a sensor information is needed. This paper presents a data fusion technique which combine data from multiple sensor. The objective of this paper is to localize the electrical wheelchair in indoor environment using Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) algorithm and ultrasonic sensors with wheeled encoders. Also, a kinematic model of the robot is determined. The proposed method is successfully tested in simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Computational Mechanics	autonomous navigation,electrical wheelchair,extended Kalman filter,localization,multisensor data fusion
Moving object localization based on UHF RFID phase and laser clustering	2018	Sensors (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) offers a way to identify objects without any contact. However, positioning accuracy is limited since RFID neither provides distance nor bearing information about the tag. This paper proposes a new and innovative approach for the localization of moving object using a particle filter by incorporating RFID phase and laser-based clustering from 2d laser range data. First of all, we calculate phase-based velocity of the moving object based on RFID phase difference. Meanwhile, we separate laser range data into different clusters, and compute the distance-based velocity and moving direction of these clusters. We then compute and analyze the similarity between two velocities, and select K clusters having the best similarity score. We predict the particles according to the velocity and moving direction of laser clusters. Finally, we update the weights of the particles based on K clusters and achieve the localization of moving objects. The feasibility of this approach is validated on a Scitos G5 service robot and the results prove that we have successfully achieved a localization accuracy up to 0.25 m.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Laser clustering,Particle filter,Phase difference,RFID,Velocity matching
Development and performance test of a height-adaptive pesticide spraying system	2018	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This paper investigate an adaptive pesticide spraying system according to the plants height. The system including a depth sensor and a spraying system with multiple nozzles at different height in vertical direction. The entire system is installed on an automatic guided vehicle. In order to implement precision spraying or automatic targeting, plant identification, and plant height calculation are critical for the system with fixed height of nozzles. The designed system will open one or combination of the nozzles of the spraying system since the plant height is identified. To address the plant height-adaptive challenge, a pesticide spraying system with plant height-adaptive is proposed based on a camera sensor to dealt with the figure of the plant. Both of the depth and color data of the figure are obtained and analyzed, the open or close state of the spraying system is optimized for different plants with different height. Various experimental results have demonstrated that the proposed system is considered as well.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle,depth sensor,height-adaptive,precision spraying,signal processing
PNGV Equivalent Circuit Model and SOC Estimation Algorithm for Lithium Battery Pack Adopted in AGV Vehicle	2018	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Lithium battery is promising to power AGV vehicle. Given the inaccuracy of the state-of-charge (SOC) estimation, a partnership for a new generation of vehicle (PNGV) battery model is established, and an open-circuit voltage method is proposed in this paper. The model's parameters in different SOC state are calculated through the lithium battery's charge and discharge process; the internal resistance correction method and Kalman filter method are proposed separately on the basis of PNGV model. On that basis, the two methods are simulated and experimented to attain the open-circuit voltage and battery SOC. As indicated from the experimental results, the PNGV model is precise and able to describe the characterizations of battery in the discharge process. The accumulated error and inaccurate estimation of the initial value by the ampere-hour (or current integration) approach can be avoided through adopting the SOC estimations effectively. Additionally, the estimated SOC can be maintained highly accurate.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	18	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Kalman filter method,Lithium battery,PNGV model,resistance correction method,voltage correction
Design of Precise Control and Dynamic Simulation of Manipulator for Die-casting Mould	2018	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.To meet the demand of the enterprise for the die-casting machine, he overall structure of the manipulator and the controller of each joint were designed. Firstly, The solid model of the manipulator is established; and then, the simplified manipulator model was for dynamics simulation; Finally, through a combination of structural dynamics and dynamics control, established the cooperative control system of the manipulator, designed parameters of each joint motion controller and applied to cooperative control system simulation, joint simulation of manipulator is realized. The simulation results show that the manipulator system has good fast response characteristics and trajectory tracking characteristics, and the overall force results are in accordance with the theory.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Performance evaluation of a production line operated under an echelon buffer policy	2018	IISE Transactions	Copyright  2018 “IISE”.We consider a production line consisting of several machines in series separated by intermediate finite-capacity buffers. The line operates under an Echelon Buffer (EB) policy according to which each machine can store the parts that it produces in any of its downstream buffers if the next machine is occupied. If the capacities of all but the last buffer are zero, the EB policy is equivalent to constant work in process (CONWIP). To evaluate the performance of the line under the EB policy, we model it as a queueing network and we develop a method that is based on decomposing this network into as many nested segments as there are buffers and approximating each segment with a two-machine subsystem that can be analyzed in isolation. For the case where the machines have geometrically distributed processing times, we model each subsystem as a two-dimensional Markov chain that can be solved numerically. The parameters of the subsystems are determined by relationships among the flows of parts through the echelon buffers in the original system. An iterative algorithm is developed to solve these relationships. We use this method to evaluate the performance of several instances of five- and 10-machine lines including cases where the EB policy is equivalent to CONWIP. Our numerical results show that this method is highly accurate and computationally efficient. We also compare the performance of the EB policy against the performance of the traditional “installation buffer” policy according to which each machine can store the parts that it produces only in its immediate downstream buffer if the next machine is occupied.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	9	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	decomposition,echelon buffer,performance evaluation,Production line,simulation
Increasing manufacturing flexibility through battery management of automated guided vehicles	2018	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdPurpose of this paper is to explore the possibility of increasing manufacturing capacities in the short run through battery management of automated guided vehicles (AGVs). The paper investigates how the duration of battery charging for AGVs can be varied to increase flexibility of a manufacturing system. The key concept is that a lead acid battery, the most widely used battery type for AGVs, receives most of its charge during the initial phase (time) of charging as opposed to the later phase. Consequently, more productive hours can be obtained from the AGVs by reducing the duration of each charging occurrence (i.e., by recharging the batteries to less than full capacity). In this approach, an AGV needs to be recharged more frequently, but the total productive hours available from the AGVs can increase. Simulation models were developed to investigate the effect of this approach. Results show that productivity of a manufacturing system increases significantly through this approach. This approach can be quite helpful for a firm if AGVs are the bottleneck in its manufacturing plant and the firm needs to have a significant improvement of its productivity in the short-run. Also, this approach does not require a firm to make a large investment to add more AGVs to its facility.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	11	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Battery management,Capacity management,Manufacturing flexibility,Productivity improvement
The PAN-robots project: Advanced automated guided vehicle systems for industrial logistics	2018	IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine	1994-2011 IEEE.In modern manufacturing plants, automation is widely adopted in the production phases, which leads to a high level of productivity and efficiency. However, the same level of automation is generally not achieved in logistics, typically performed by human operators and manually driven vehicles. In fact, even though automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have been used for a few decades for goods transportation in industrial environments [1], they do not yet represent a widespread solution and are typically applied only in specific scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A new AGV scheduling algorithm based on harmony search for material transfer in a real-world manufacturing system	2018	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	2018,  The Author(s) 2018.With the development of advanced manufacturing technology, more and more enterprises utilize automated guided vehicles to transfer materials for computer numerical control machines in the workshop. Because automated guided vehicle scheduling problem is non-deterministic polynomial–hard, highly efficient automated guided vehicle scheduling algorithms are necessary to improve productivity of the workshop. In order to solve this problem, a mathematical model with a new objective function is established firstly, which incorporates two indicators, that is, the standard deviation of the waiting time of computer numerical control material buffers and the total travel distance of automated guided vehicle, reflecting the overall capacity of computer numerical control machines and the energy efficiency of automated guided vehicles during the actual production, respectively. Then, an improved harmony search algorithm is proposed, which includes an effective discrete encoding scheme of harmony, a new initialization method for harmony memory based on opposition-based learning strategy, a dynamic harmony memory considering rate parameter and a local search strategy. The property of the proposed algorithm is evaluated through three cases from the real-world manufacturing system for producing back cover of smart phone. Compared with the competing algorithms, the results demonstrate the superiority of proposed algorithm for solving automated guided vehicle scheduling problem obviously.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,computer numerical control machines,harmony search,material transfer,meta-heuristic
Layout optimization of a system for successive laser scanner detection and control of mobile robots	2018	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2017 Elsevier B.V.This paper describes a new, innovative method by which multiple mobile robots can be detected by a laser scanner. Each robot incorporates bars in its construction which generate a significant pattern in the laser scan. The proposed technique allows a robust detection and control of successively moving robots, despite the partial shadowing through the bars. In this paper the optimal number of bars and their best arrangement for detection is shown. Furthermore the impact of different bar diameters is described. Increased visibility of the bars by the use of multiple laser scanners and their positioning to ensure detection of the robots is also described. Finally it describes the accuracy that can be achieved with this system. The position accuracy was determined by trials on an actual system. Simulations and experiments confirm that this is a reliable and precise method for position determination of multiple robots using a single sensor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Intelligent space,Mobile robots,Multi-robot localization,Multi-robot system,Robot tracking system
Fault Tree Analysis for Reliability Evaluation of an Advanced Complex Manufacturing System	2018	Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Systems	2018 World Scientific Publishing Company.In this paper, minimal paths and cuts technique is developed to handle fault tree analysis (FTA) on the critical components of industrial robots. This analysis is integrated with the reliability block diagram (RBD) approach in order to investigate the robot system reliability. The model is implemented in a complex advanced manufacturing system having autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) as material handling devices. FTA grants cause and effects and hierarchical properties to the model. On the other hand, RBD simplifies the complex system of the AGVs for reliability evaluation. The results show that due to the filtering of the paths in a manufacturing system for AGVs, the reliability is highly dependent on the mostly occupied paths by AGVs. The failure probability for the AGV is considered to follow the exponential probability distribution and thus the whole system reliability using minimal paths and cuts method is obtained 0.8741.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Complex manufacturing system,fault tree analysis,minimal paths and cuts method,reliability block diagram,reliability evaluation
Management of internal delivery vehicles in maritime container terminals	2018	Progress in Artificial Intelligence	2017, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.Maritime container terminals are complex infrastructures to manage in transportation industry due to their high degree of uncertainty arisen from the limited and changing information. The present paper addresses the operational management of the available internal delivery vehicles on the yard of a maritime container terminal under random changes in the simultaneous movement of import, export, and transit containers. The main goal of the presented problem is to optimize the usage of the available internal vehicles in terms of working time in scenarios where synchronization is required when accessing to the different pick-up and drop-off container locations. An efficient variable neighbourhood search is here proposed to dispatch, route, and schedule the existing vehicles while adapting their behaviour to both the arrival of new information and unforeseen changes in the existing information related to the environment under analysis. The computational experiments indicate the suitable performance of the proposed technique on a wide range of realistic scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Artificial Intelligence	Internal delivery vehicle,Maritime container terminal,Variable neighbourhood search
A two-phase approach to solve the synchronized bin–forklift scheduling problem	2018	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.In this paper, we propose a two-phase approach to solve a combined routing and scheduling problem that occurs in the textile industry: fabrics are dyed by dye-jets and transported by forklifts. The objective is to minimize the cost of the unproductive activities, i.e., the dye-jet setup times and the forklift waiting time. The first phase solves an integer linear program to assign jobs (fabrics) to dye-jets while minimizing the setup cost; we compare an arc-based and a path-based formulation. The second phase uses a mixed-integer linear program for the dye-jet scheduling and both the routing and scheduling of forklifts. Experiments are performed on real data provided by a major multinational company, and larger test problems are randomly generated to assess the algorithm. The tests were conducted using Cplex 12.6.0 and a column generation solver. The numerical results show that our approach is efficient in terms of both solution quality and computational time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Morocco	2	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Column generation,Mixed-integer programming,Scheduling,Textile industry
Study on Robust Lateral Controller for Differential GPS-Based Autonomous Vehicles	2018	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	2018, Korean Society for Precision Engineering and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.Recently, technological advancements in autonomous vehicle development have continued to accelerate. In this paper, we propose a lateral controller and navigation algorithm for autonomous vehicles based on the Differential Global Positioning System (DGPS), core technology of autonomous vehicles. In this study, an H-infinity (H∞) controller was designed lateral controller to ensure nominal safety and robustness against noise, external disturbances and structural and non-structural errors in vehicle modeling. Meanwhile, the “pure pursuit” approach which geometrically follows a path was employed as a path-tracking technique for the proposed navigation algorithm. A vehicle modeling simulation was conducted to evaluate the performance of the proposed method using a twodegrees- of-freedom linear model. The lateral H∞ controller and navigation algorithm were applied to an actual vehicle, Their performances were evaluated by comparing the path tracking error at various speeds of autonomous vehicles with that of the proportional-integral-derivative (PID) controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	6	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Bicycle model,Lateral control,Navigation algorithm,Path tracking,Robust controller,Unmanned vehicle
Robust robot localization in a complex oil and gas industrial environment	2018	Journal of Field Robotics	2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.In this paper, we propose a LiDAR-based robot localization method in a complex oil and gas environment. Localization is achieved in six degrees of freedom (DoF) thanks to a particle filter framework. A new time-efficient likelihood function, based on a precalculated three-dimensional likelihood field, is introduced. Experiments are carried out in real environments and their digitized point clouds. Six DoF real-time localization is achieved with spatial and angular errors of less than 2.5 cm and 1°, respectively, in a real environment of 350m3. The proposed approach focuses on real-time performance on embedded platforms. It enabled the Vikings team to win the first two ARGOS Challenge contests.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	extreme environments,position estimation,sensors,wheeled robots
Navigation of an autonomous wheeled robot in unknown environments based on evolutionary fuzzy control	2018	Inventions	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Navigation of a wheeled robot in unknown environments is proposed in this paper. The approach may be applied to navigating an autonomous vehicle in unknown environments, such as parking lots. The navigation consists of three parts: obstacle avoidance behavior, target seeking behavior, and a behavior supervisor. The obstacle avoidance behavior is achieved by controlling the robot to move along an obstacle boundary through evolutionary fuzzy control. In the evolutionary fuzzy control approach, a Pareto set of fuzzy controllers (FCs) is found though a multi-objective continuous ant colony optimization algorithm. Target seeking behavior is achieved by controlling the robot through hybrid proportional–integral–derivative (PID) controllers. The behavior supervisor determines the switching between obstacle avoidance and target seeking behaviors, where the dead-cycle problem is considered. Simulations and experiments were performed to verify the effectiveness of the proposed navigation scheme.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	7	Engineering (all)	Dead-cycle problem,Evolutionary robots,Fuzzy control,Multi-objective optimization,Navigation,Target seeking
Free balancing for a shuttle-based storage and retrieval system	2018	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	2017 Elsevier B.V.Shuttle-based storage and retrieval systems (SBS/RSes) – a type of automated storage and retrieval system (AS/RS) – have recently been developed to increase throughput capacity. An SBS/RS can increase throughput by using multiple shuttles as storage and retrieval machines (SRMs), while traditional AS/RSes are limited because they use a single stacker crane as an SRM to handle multiple jobs. However, when setting up an SBS/RS, a significant investment is required to integrate a shuttle for each tier in the storage construction. To lower costs, a reduction in the number of shuttles is an adequate solution if the SBS/RS can maintain the designated throughput. However, this could also lead to operational problems. Namely collision prevention and workload balances could be affected because each shuttle would be able to travel to any tier for pickups and drop-offs. Thus, shuttle position control is important when the system operates with a mismatch between the number of shuttles and tiers. Ideally, free balancing should be achieved. When free balanced, each shuttle's position is monitored to prevent collisions or blockages, as well as to make sure jobs are evenly assigned and the required throughput is maintained. This paper suggests system controls to prove the effectiveness of free balancing, and it runs a simulation analysis to verify the system with the suggested controls. As a result, free balancing shows better performances in terms of throughput and utilization compared to a basic system control. Specifically, in our case, free balancing can achieve targeted throughput with less number of shuttles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	8	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Free balancing,Shuttle-based storage and retrieval system (SBS/RS),Simulation analysis,Warehouse
Optimizing the profitability and quality of service in carshare systems under demand uncertainty	2018	Manufacturing and Service Operations Management	2017 INFORMS.Carsharing has been considered as an effective means to increase mobility and reduce personal vehicle usage and related carbon emissions. In this paper, we consider problems of allocating a carshare fleet to service zones under uncertain one-way and round-trip rental demand. We employ a two-stage stochastic integer programming model, in the first stage of which we allocate shared vehicle fleet and purchase parking lots or permits in reservation-based or free-floating systems. In the second stage, we generate a finite set of samples to represent demand uncertainty and construct a spatial-temporal network for each sample to model vehicle movement and the corresponding rental revenue, operating cost, and penalties from unserved demand. We minimize the expected total costs minus profit and develop branch-and-cut algorithms with mixed-integer, rounding-enhanced Benders cuts, which can significantly improve computation efficiency when implemented in parallel computing. We apply our model to a data set of Zipcar in the Boston-Cambridge, Massachusetts, area to demonstrate the efficacy of our approaches and draw insights on carshare management. Our results show that exogenously given one-way demand can increase carshare profitability under given one-way and round-trip price differences and vehicle relocation cost whereas endogenously generated one-way demand as a result of pricing and strategic customer behavior may decrease carshare profitability. Our model can also be applied in a rolling-horizon framework to deliver optimized vehicle relocation decisions and achieve significant improvement over an intuitive fleet-rebalancing policy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	9	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Benders decomposition,Carshare fleet management,Demand uncertainty,Mixed-integer rounding,Two-stage stochastic integer programming
Mechanical Imaging of Soft Tissues with a Highly Compliant Tactile Sensing Array	2018	IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering	1964-2012 IEEE.Objective: The mechanical imaging of lumps in tissues via surface measurements can permit the noninvasive detection of disease-related differences in body tissues. We present and evaluate sensing techniques for the mechanical imaging of soft tissues, using a highly compliant electronic sensing array. Methods : We developed a mechanical imaging system for capturing tissue properties during automatic-or human-guided palpation. It combines extremely compliant capacitive tactile sensors based on soft polymers and microfluidic electrodes with custom electronic data acquisition hardware, and new algorithms for enhanced tactile imaging by reference to nominal tissue responses. Results: We demonstrate that the system is able to image simulated tumors (lumps), yielding accurate estimates of cross-sectional area independent of embedding depth. In addition, as a proof of concept, we show that similar tactile images can be obtained when the sensor is worn on a palpating finger. Conclusion: Soft capacitive sensors can accurately image lumps in soft tissue provided that care is taken to control and compensate for electrical and mechanical background signals. Significance: The results underline the utility of soft electronic sensors for applications in medical imaging or clinical practices of palpation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	8	Biomedical Engineering	Capacitive sensor,imaging,lump detection,stretchable sensing,tactile sensing
Design and fabrication of overhead travelling cargo handling machine for warehouse	2018	International Journal of Mechanical and Production Engineering Research and Development	TJPRC Pvt. Ltd.Warehouses are large plain and commercial buildings used for storage of goods by manufacturers, importers, exporters, wholesalers, transport businesses, customs department. Earlier days unloading, stacking and loading operations were being done manually, which requires a huge number of porters to handle the material. For the last few decades, people are using fork lifts, conveyors and Hook Cranes to perform the unloading, staking and loading operations. Conventionally, these forklifts are powered by I. C. Engines which emit exhaust gases inside the warehouses. So, in order to overcome such drawbacks, D. C. motor driven forklifts were developed. But they cannot be used for heavy loads. They also require large turning radius/ moving space. The technical solution that is deemed feasible and capable of addressing the above mentioned issues is an electrically operated overhead travelling cargo handling machine which reduces the turning radius and increases the storage area. In this overhead travelling forklift, we have a column to which the fork is attached. This column can move along the long travel and cross travel with ease. In this we use a bevel gear which helps us in slewing of fork. The fork lift with the help of AC motor instead of DC motors and I. C engines, which require refueling or recharging time. As a part of our project dissertation, we are making “Overhead travelling cargo handling machine for warehouses” which might be helpful in the reduction of exhaust emissions from forklift exhaust in warehouse as it operates with electric energy. The main objective of this project work is to study the physical properties, optimum parameters of the process and the working rate of existing techniques of material handling (Cargo handling) and develop a design approach to provide a better working environment to the workers working in warehouses and subsequently increase the storage space.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Cargo,Design approach & material,I. C Engines,Material handling,Warehouses
The use of curve wizard method for generating rough surface in CAD model and data transferring analysis in CAE model	2018	Proceedings - 2017 International Conference on Sustainable Information Engineering and Technology, SIET 2017	2017 IEEE.The contacting surfaces in the biomedical implants, e.g. artificial hip and knee impants, have a rough surface in the micro scale. The computational modelling of the contacting surface between implants with respect to the rough surfaces require are conducted using finite element modelling in CAE software. The rough surface of the contacting components can be modelled as a homogeneous rough surface which derived from equation in Matlab. Then the rough surface is exported to CAD and CAE model. A geometrical deviation can be appear during data transfer in the CAD and CAE model. This paper aims to study the geometrical analysis of the data transfer from mathematical models in Matlab to CAD models in SolidWorks and CAE models in ABAQUS software. In the CAD model, especially in SolidWorks, the rough surface generation process, which is imported from other file format, can be performed in 3 modes: automatic creation method, guided creation method and curve wizard method. The geometrical analysis is conducted on a sinusoidal rough surface model, especially at the peak of height, the valley depth, and the rough surface wavelength with respects to the three types of surface generation method. The result show that homogeneous rough surface successfully transferred to CAD model and CAE model using curve wizard method with the highest geometrical accuracy. The deviation in this method is less than 1 percent on average on 4 locations on the sinusoidal rough surface model. In the automatic creation method, and the guided creation method, the resulted rough surface is less acurate which is indicated by the higher geometrical deviation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Education,Communication	CAD,CAE,data transfer,geometrical analysis,homogen rough surface
Design of an autonomous forklift using kinect	2018	MATEC Web of Conferences	2018 The Authors, published by EDP Sciences.Material handling is a necessary, but expensive activity in factories. Autonomous robot technology can help reduce the cost and relax humans from the exhaustive job of driving forklifts. In this paper, we describe the mechatronics design and implementation of an autonomous forklift. The robot can perceive the 3D dynamic world and can plan its motion autonomously to lift materials from a source to target locations. Dynamic map of the world is built using data from a Microsoft Kinect head and readings from wheel encoders, thus enabling the robot to avoid obstacles and reach target locations safely. Experiments showed success of the robot to move and load the cargo to target locations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	2	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Visual servoing of mobile microrobot with centralized camera	2018	MATEC Web of Conferences	2018 The Authors, published by EDP Sciences.In this paper, a mechanism of visual servoing for mobile microrobot with a centralized camera is developed. Especially for the development of swarm AI applications. In the fields of microrobots the size of robots is minimal and the amount of movement is also small. By replacing various sensors that is needed with a single centralized vision sensor we can eliminate a lot of components and the need for calibration on every robot. A study and design for a visual servoing mobile microrobot has been developed. This system can use multi object tracking and hough transform to identify the positions of the robots. And can control multiple robots at once with an accuracy of 5-6 pixel from the desired target.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Chemistry (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles utilizing heuristic search algorithm	2018	2018 IEEE 8th Annual Computing and Communication Workshop and Conference, CCWC 2018	2018 IEEE.Proper scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems is considered a key success for industry. Automated guided vehicles are parts of flexible manufacturing systems and are easy to utilize in production systems. Time is directly related to the production costs of all kind. It is necessary to minimize production costs. Improper scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles may increase the production time. Simultaneous scheduling of machines and material handling systems has many benefits though they are not challenges free. Scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles, if considered separately, are NP-Hard problems regardless of being considered together or separately. There are two types of scheduling problems according to the literature. Review of literature show that although offline scheduling of machines and vehicles has been studied in a great detail, lack of studies related to dynamic scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles is very visible. Therefore, the main focus of this study is simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles. First, a heuristic scheduler is designed, in MATLAB software, to propose solutions for simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing systems. Then, a time frame is applied to the offline test problems from the literature to produce dynamic scheduling problem. The methodology in this study is applied on a sample test problem from previous studies for validation purpose. Furthermore, the new dynamic scheduling was performed by producing time tables for pre-defined time frames. The sample test problems are then mathematically modeled to represent the limitations and constraints of the offline and dynamic scheduling problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing	Automated Guided Vehicles,Dynamic Scheduling,Flexible Manufacturing Systems,Machines,Offline scheduling
Eye detection using gradient histogram matching for cornea localization in refractive eye surgery	2018	Proceedings - 2017 10th International Congress on Image and Signal Processing, BioMedical Engineering and Informatics, CISP-BMEI 2017	2017 IEEE.In refractive eye surgery using laser, automatically localizing a target eye for surgery and precisely focusing the laser to the corneal surface are crucial to the medical treatment. We therefore propose a new eye detection method based on template matching for automatic localizations of target eyes for refractive eye surgery with excimer laser. In the proposed approach, representative templates of image gradient histograms of eyes are constructed using both open and privately-collected eye datasets. Real-time eye detection that helps guiding the excimer laser to a target eye for surgery can be achieved by the efficient template matching. After the eye localization, image-guided, automatic alignment of positioning marker, i.e., a read line of visible light, is then employed to measure the distance between the corneal surface and the excimer laser. Experimental results show that the proposed eye detection method using template matching outperforms an HoG-based eye detector in miss detection rates based on the same training data for this specific medical application. Also, with the automatic image-guided positioning of laser head, the time consuming process of manual laser focusing can be largely simplified.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Health Informatics,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Signal Processing,Biomedical Engineering	corneal surface localization,Eye detection,gradient histogram,refractive eye surgery
On 3D autonomous delivery systems: Design and development	2018	International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Intelligent Systems, ARIS	2017 IEEE.This paper presents a novel 3D delivery system utilizing a UAV. In the example presented within this paper, the system receives a request for delivery via a designed APP from a client and later delivers that item to a desired location in the three dimensional environment. The UAV has the ability to navigate in the outdoor environment and move from the base location to the supplier at the first stage and later find the optimum path to the client for delivery. The system focuses on delivering above ground level locations, such as a specified floor in a building. This system can be used in various realistic scenarios in order to autonomously deliver goods from an arbitrary point to a client in multistory buildings such as an office or home.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	3D Delivery,Autonomous Develiery,Drone,Path planning,UAV
Throughput analysis of multi-device trip-based material handling systems operating under the modified-FCFS dispatching rule	2018	International Journal of Production Research	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.We present an analytic model to assess the performance of a trip-based material handling system with multiple devices dispatched according to the modified-first-come-first-served rule. A key element of the model is the analytic treatment of empty trips based on whether they are device- or station-initiated. The model is evaluated against simulation results using multiple layout configurations and devices at different levels of utilisation. In developing the analytic model, we also investigate the role and impact of device-initiated dispatching vs. station-initiated dispatching, and show results that shed light on conflicting views presented in the literature on this subject. The proposed analytic model can be used to rapidly evaluate alternative handling systems and to conduct various ‘what if’ analyses; it performs reasonably well across a range of systems that were tested via simulation. In evaluating the accuracy of the model, we introduce a unique and more effective technique based on the allocation of empty trips out of each station. In addition, we propose an approximate but simple method to check for system stability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicle,dispatching rules,Materials handling,throughput,trip-based systems
Travel-time model of dual-command cycles in a 3D compact AS/RS with lower mid-point I/O dwell point policy	2018	International Journal of Production Research	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Three-dimensional compact automated storage/retrieval systems (AS/RS) have been extensively applied in warehouses, with advantages of full automation, time efficiency and high space utilisation. While previous studies that use lower mid-point input/output (I/O) dwell point policy consider single-command cycles (SC), this paper builds travel-time models of dual-command cycles (DC). The S/R crane also dwells in the lower mid-point of the rack when it is idle. We validate analytical models using simulation and use analytical models to optimise system dimensions. Numerical experiments are used to compare DC with SC. The results show that DC outperform SC in terms of cycle time of one command.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	3D compact AS/RS,I/O dwell point policy,storage rack dimensions optimisation,travel-time analysis,warehousing
Routing and Scheduling Optimization Model of Sea Transportation	2018	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This paper examines the routing and scheduling optimization model of sea transportation. One of the issues discussed is about the transportation of ships carrying crude oil (tankers) which is distributed to many islands. The consideration is the cost of transportation which consists of travel costs and the cost of layover at the port. Crude oil to be distributed consists of several types. This paper develops routing and scheduling model taking into consideration some objective functions and constraints. The formulation of the mathematical model analyzed is to minimize costs based on the total distance visited by the tanker and minimize the cost of the ports. In order for the model of the problem to be more realistic and the cost calculated to be more appropriate then added a parameter that states the multiplier factor of cost increases as the charge of crude oil is filled.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Optimization,Routing and Scheduling,Transportation of crude oil
A multi-commodity flow model for guide path layout design of AGV systems	2018	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2017 IEEE.In this paper, we consider the guide path layout design problem for automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems. Two types of mathematical models: the detailed model and the multi-commodity flow model are proposed. The detailed model considers the detailed pickup and delivery routing of AGVs in the design of guide path layout whereas, the multi-commodity flow model considers the multi-commodity flow from the pickup node to the delivery node. We compare the performance of these two models for the guide path design problem in a real case. The computational results show the multi-commodity flow model can solve large scale layout model with sufficient accuracy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	automated guided vehicle,guide path layout design,subtour elimination
Improving the material flow of a manufacturing company via lean, simulation and optimization	2018	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2017 IEEE.Companies are continuously working towards system and process improvement to remain competitive in a global market. There are different methods that support companies in the achievement of that goal. This paper presents an innovative process that combines lean, simulation and optimization to improve the material flow of a manufacturing company. A description of each step of the process details the lean tools and principles taken into account, as well as the results achieved by the application of simulation and optimization. The project resulted in an improved layout and material flow that employs an automated guided vehicle. In addition, lean wastes related to transport, inventory levels as well as waiting times were reduced. The utilization of the process that combines lean, simulation and optimization was considered valuable for the success of the project.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	2	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Application study,lean,manufacturing,optimization,simulation,simulation-based optimization
Towards a grid based sensor fusion for visually impaired navigation using sonar and vision measurements	2018	5th IEEE Region 10 Humanitarian Technology Conference 2017, R10-HTC 2017	2017 IEEE.This work presents an integrated approach on daily mobile devices, sensors, and resources available by Cloud computing providers to improve the navigation of visually impaired people. Input taken from the heterogeneous sensors such as sonar, vision, orientation and inertial sensors are used for object detection and recognition. The proposed approach entails grid based obstacle localization using sonar sensors and precise identification of that obstacle by vision sensors. This is coarse to fine obstacle identification process which increases the accuracy and decreases computational processing overhead. This improves the walking experience of the visually impaired by making them more independent. This framework facilitates both audio and tactile feedback on the obstacles in the close proximity of the visually impaired people. Improvement of the independent navigation of the visually impaired people by using sensors fusion is the key contribution of this research.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sri Lanka	3	Safety Research,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law,Biomedical Engineering,Health (social science)	assistive technology,audio feedback,grid map,obstacle detection,tactile feedback
Optimization of Scheduling Rule of Unidirectional Material Handling System with Short-cut 交叉环单向循环搬运系统最优调度算法的研究	2018	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	2018, The Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation. All right reserved.To decrease the interference and improve the performance of a unidirectional circulation-type material handling system on a single loop with a shortcut, the interference and scheduling problem between AGVs are studied. According to the actual situation of material handling system, the interferences of two scheduling rules (random rule and order rule) are analyzed. An optimal scheduling rule under the interference case-exchange order rule is proposed. Different scheduling rules have an influence on the interference between AGVs and then have an important effect on the efficiency of the whole system. Experiment results show that the exchange order (E-Order) rule is better than the random rule and the order rule, which can decrease congestion (interference time), improve the handling efficiency and achieve the optimal performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Material handling system,Optimization,Scheduling,Short-cut
To build a smart unmanned restaurant with multi-mobile robots	2018	2017 International Automatic Control Conference, CACS 2017	2017 IEEE.Compared with a single robot, the system with multiple mobile robots has many advantages; through decomposing some tasks appropriately, the multiple robots can complete different subtasks respectively at the same time and enhance the performance, as well as the stability of the robot can be improved by the cooperation among the members (The robots which is used for only some tasks can be designed more perfectly, the more flexibility can be designed.). This study proposes to build an unmanned intelligent restaurant by the use of multiple robots cooperating with each other. The system uses MATLAB software as a platform, and then uses Vision C # as a design tool to simulate the effect at final. The system can determine to assign the variety number of robots according to the number of guests, and the system will order the robot which is nearest the task to perform according to the decision making. It also plans the path with the Particle Swarm Optimization to obtain a faster convergence speed, enhance the ability of global search; so that the robots can achieve communication, coordination and cooperation, to execute the functions of automatic guest hosting, food delivery, table cleaning, and many other features in the restaurant.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	3	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization	multiple mobile robots,particle swarm optimization,path planning,task assignment
Time window based path planning of multi-AGVs in logistics center	2018	Proceedings - 2017 10th International Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Design, ISCID 2017	2017 IEEE.The prosperous online shopping has greatly changed people’s life, so a massive number of express packages have to be sorted in logistics center every day. Therefore, AGVs (automated guided vehicles) are introduced to execute the sorting tasks that are almost impossible done through human labor. In order to achieve higher transportation and sorting throughput within given period using less AGVs, we need to plan conflict-free paths for AGVs. In this paper, we focus on multi-AGV path planning problem for auto-sorting in logistics center. To solve the problem, we first abstract the actual warehouse plant into directed graph. Then, we propose a heuristic algorithm to search for free time windows of the blocks in the selected paths for each AGV, and select the path with earliest arrival time windows as its schedule path. Compared with existing work like HTN and TW-A*, experiment results show that our method has a higher transportation throughput with less failures in path searching.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	Automatic Sorting,Multi-AGVs,Path Planning
Innovative coupling system for industrial vehicles: An AGV oriented approach and development a new coupling system for improving trailer trajectory accuracy of AGV vehicles	2018	2017 International Conference on Engineering, Technology and Innovation: Engineering, Technology and Innovation Management Beyond 2020: New Challenges, New Approaches, ICE/ITMC 2017 - Proceedings	2017 IEEE.Throughout this paper, analysis and development of a coupling system for industrial vehicles can be found. In an introduction to the topic, it was analyzed objectives and advantages of the development of the system. Some previously published studies with similar content or conclusions necessary to the understanding of the system under study are also presented. In order to develop a system more precise than the currently used, the common systems are study in this paper, focusing on 4 wheeled trailers, varying the coupling system rotation center, it can be in the front vehicle or in the rear vehicle. In the commonly used systems the trailers tend to get to close from the rotation center, this means that both trailer have lower trajectory lines, having not ideal precision. Having studied the systems used in shop floor nowadays, a new coupling system is developed with the aim of increasing trailers' trajectory precision. Are study two different systems. The first one is to control the trailers steering mechanism, in order to position the trailer in the better position, and the other system is simply altering the coupling system length and rotation centers. By analyzing the results the system solution with the rotation of the rear axle of each trailer guarantees better precision, where the trailers perform a trajectory precision of 100%. But the solution that better fits the industrial reality is the solution with the alteration of the length and the rotation center of the coupling system. This solution allows less precision but its better in price, cost and implementation effort.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Computer Science Applications,Software,Engineering (miscellaneous),Computer Networks and Communications	Coupler,Industrial Vehicles,Tow Vehicle,Trailer,Trailers' Trajectory
Obstacle detection and obstacle avoidance of AGV based on binocular vision 基于双目视觉的AGV障碍物检测与避障	2018	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2018, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.According to the uncertainty of materials' position and motion state in intelligent workshop,a method of obstacle detection and avoidance for Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) based on binocular vision was proposed. During obstacle detection process, the obstacle detection algorithm based on depth detection was used to judge the existence of obstacles. An algorithm for obtaining the information of obstacles was proposed by frame subtraction to get the information of obstacle position and velocity in the static and dynamic state. To improve the reliability of obstacle detection, the static and dynamic obstacles were detected by experiments. The result showed that the algorithm was reliable and had little error. Aiming at the different obstacles, the obstacle avoidance strategy was proposed. PID and fuzzy PID method were used to control AGV motion, and the effectiveness of obstacle avoidance strategy was proved by analyzing the angle and distance deviation of motion. A simple and efficient PC software was designed to verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Binocular vision,Frame subtraction,Fuzzy PID,Obstacle detection
Internet of things for smart ports: Technologies and challenges	2018	IEEE Instrumentation and Measurement Magazine	1998-2012 IEEE.Nowadays, the Internet of Things (IoT) can be considered an important technological revolution related to smart cities, smart homes, smart factories and smart ports implementations. As the presence of smart sensing systems in ports becomes a reality, different operation areas are working today in automatic mode. Examples of challenging projects related to smart ports in the IoT era can be found from Europe to Asia, to Australia, and to North America; in all of these new architecture implementations, sensing technologies play a key role. This paper highlights the main requirements and the key ideas for each ports, sensing solution and also the challenges related to the calibration and testing of distributed sensing systems associated with the main equipment that compose the world largest ports, such as quayside cranes, automated guided vehicles for container handling and yard cranes. Details of the architecture and operations and sensing systems for smart ports are described. Communication standards for smart ports are discussed, and smart ports implementation examples regarding structural health monitoring are considered. Conclusions and future research opportunities in the IoT era are addressed in the final section of the paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	73	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Covering and connectivity constraints in loop-based formulation of material flow network design in facility layout	2018	European Journal of Operational Research	2017 Elsevier B.V.The shortest loop covering at least one edge of each workcenter in a manufacturing facility layout is an instance of the generalized traveling salesman problem. The optimal solution to this problem is a promising design for non-vehicle-based material handling, typical of most types of conveyors and power-and-free systems, where the length of the path is the main driver of the total investment costs. The loop formulation is usually embedded within a larger problem of the concurrent design of the loop and the input/output stations for vehicle-based material handling typical of automatically guided vehicles and autonomous delivery robots. In these systems, it is not the length, but the total flow of the loaded and empty vehicles that drives the objective function. It has been shown that the shortest loop provides an effective heuristic scheme to achieve prosperous and robust solutions for the concurrent design of the loop and input/output stations. We review and compare covering constraints formulations, provide new insight into connectivity constraints, improve the model formulation and its solution procedure, and report computational results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Automatic guided vehicle systems,Block layout shortest loop,Covering constraints,Generalized traveling salesman problem,Loop based material handling
Indoor SLAM application using geometric and ICP matching methods based on line features	2018	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2017 Elsevier B.V.This study presents an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) with simultaneous localization and map building (SLAM) based on matching method, and extended Kalman filter SLAM. In general, the AGV is a large mobile robot that is used in transportation to carry cargoes, and it is guided using wired or wireless guidance systems. The guidance system based AGV accounts for a majority of robots in the mobile robot industry. However, in semiconductor factories, landmarks are unavailable; hence, the existing system has not been used in the mentioned environments. Therefore, the SLAM technology is applied in the environments, and can guide the AGV without landmarks. However, the accuracy of the SLAM can be low owing to measurement error of sensors and a cumulative calculation caused by localization sensors. Therefore, the accuracy is frequently assumed to be incorrect; moreover, the accuracy of the built map is low. In order to solve the problems, this study proposes the AGV with the SLAM based on matching methods; two matching method; geometric matching method and iterative closest point algorithm. The performance of the proposed method is compared with typical methods such as singular value decomposition / RIGID transformation based technologies using feature-point-based SLAM and is compared with the aforementioned two methods using the extended Kalman filter SLAM. The proposed method is more efficient than the typical methods used in the comparison.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	11	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	EKF SLAM,Geometric matching method,ICP matching method,Indoor SLAM
A Multi-Fidelity Model Approach for Simultaneous Scheduling of Machines and Vehicles in Flexible Manufacturing Systems	2018	Asia-Pacific Journal of Operational Research	2018 World Scientific Publishing Co.Driven by sensor technologies and Internet of Things, massive real-time data from highly interconnected devices are available, which enables the improvement of decision-making quality. Scheduling of such production systems can be challenging as it must incorporate the latest data and be able to re-plan quickly. In this research, a multi-fidelity model for simultaneous scheduling problem of machines and vehicles at flexible manufacturing system has been proposed. In order to improve the computational efficiency, we extend the framework, called multi-fidelity optimization with ordinal transformation and optimal sampling, with combining with the K-means method. The proposed framework enables the benefits of both fast and inexpensive low-fidelity models with accurate but more expensive high-fidelity models. Results show that this approach can significantly decrease computational cost compared with other algorithms in the literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Management Science and Operations Research	flexible manufacturing system,Internet of Things,multi-fidelity scheduling algorithm,simultaneous scheduling problem
Hybrid cost and time path planning for multiple autonomous guided vehicles	2018	Applied Intelligence	2017, Springer Science+Business Media New York.In this paper, simultaneous scheduling and routing problem for autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) is investigated. At the beginning of the planning horizon list of orders is processed in the manufacturing system. The produced or semi-produced products are carried among stations using AGVs according to the process plan and the earliest delivery time rule. Thus, a network of stations and AGV paths is configured. The guide path is bi-direction and AGVs can only stop at the end of a node. Two kinds of collisions exist namely: AGVs move directly to a same node and AGVs are on a same path. Delay is defined as an order is carried after the earliest delivery time. Therefore, the problem is defined to consider some AGVs and material handling orders available and assign orders to AGVs so that collision free paths as cost attribute and minimal waiting time as time attribute, are obtained. Solving this problem leads to determine: the number of required AGVs for orders fulfillment assign orders to AGVs schedule delivery and material handling and route different AGVs. The problem is formulated as a network mathematical model and optimized using a modified network simplex algorithm. The proposed mathematical formulation is first adapted to a minimum cost flow (MCF) model and then optimized using a modified network simplex algorithm (NSA). Numerical illustrations verify and validate the proposed modelling and optimization. Also, comparative studies guarantee superiority of the proposed MCF-NSA solution approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	18	Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs),Network simplex algorithm (NSA),Path planning,Routing,Scheduling
Scheduling electric vehicles and locating charging stations on a path	2018	Journal of Scheduling	2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.High hopes are put in electric vehicles to lower global green house gas emissions. From an operational perspective, however, their limited range and the long recharging times add considerable complexity to the decision tasks planning their efficient application. In this context, we treat a problem setting where a single electric vehicle executes transport requests along a straight line, which, for instance, occurs when cranes, automated guided vehicles, or shuttles handle boxes in container terminals. From time to time the vehicle needs to be recharged and, thus, has to visit some charging station also located on the line. We investigate the scheduling of a single electric vehicle, so that the makespan for executing all transport requests is minimized and the vehicle is timely recharged. The solution algorithm developed is then applied to also explore the location planning of charging stations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	5	Software,Engineering (all),Management Science and Operations Research,Artificial Intelligence	Electric vehicles,Green logistics,Location planning,Vehicle scheduling
A co-evolutionary design methodology for complex AGV system	2018	Neural Computing and Applications	2016, The Natural Computing Applications Forum.Our design for AGV system integrates machine assignment, machine layout, transfer station setting and loop arrangement and other issues and become a complex combinatorial design problem in the manufacturing. In previous studies, researches tried to address these issues in several steps, which may separate the coupling relations in these issues. We herein propose a co-evolutionary methodology to design one complex AGV system that includes two tandem AGV systems (workshops) synchronously. Our method gives an overall consideration for the aforementioned issues, which overcomes the defects of solving these issues in sequence by the previous studies. Moreover, the corresponding mathematical model is built for this design of complex AGV system. The proposed co-evolutionary methodology has two optimization parts, part A and part B for optimizing two workshops synchronously. Workshop 1 divides the four aforementioned issues into two classes, machine assignment and loop layout. The machines are assigned to different loops, and the exact layout of machines is optimized in each loop; meanwhile, the transfer station is set and loops are arranged in workshop. Workshop 1 has a re-optimization step using part B. For another, workshop 2 only optimizes the machine layout by part B. An improved fuzzy IWO (f-IWO) is proposed to execute the optimization for parts A and B in the methodology. Therein, a synthetic evolution mechanism with a fuzzy number has efficiently improved the quality of f-IWO. At last, a numerical experiment of design for complex AGV system validates the co-evolutionary methodology and f-IWO comparing to the contrastive methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Artificial Intelligence	Co-evolutionary method,Improved fuzzy invasive weed optimization (f-IWO),Loop layout,Machine assignment,Tandem AGV system
Using autonomous intelligence to build a smart shop floor	2018	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2017, Springer-Verlag London.The vision of smart shop floor is based on the notion of Industry 4.0 that denotes technologies and concepts related to Cyber-Physical Production Systems (CPPS). In smart shop floors, CPPS monitors physical processes, creates a virtual copy of the physical world, and makes decentralized decisions. CPPS allows virtual world to store data, process data, communicate, and cooperate with each other in real time. This paper presents architecture of smart shop floor based on physical, logical, and communication layers that embed intelligent approaches within manufacturing processes. Every physical entity in the smart shop floor is regarded as an autonomous intelligent logical unit that performs operations guided by distributed control functions. Moreover, computing power and optimization approaches are embedded into each logical unit to make decisions to agilely respond to frequent occurrence of unexpected disturbances at the shop floor. A test platform has been set up to demonstrate how physical entities can be cooperative and autonomous logical units that can automatize the shop floor operations. The results verify the feasibility and efficiency of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cyber-Physical Production Systems,Industry 4.0,Intelligence,Logical unit,Smart shop floor
Workshop Networks Integration Using Mobile Intelligence in Smart Factories	2018	IEEE Communications Magazine	1979-2012 IEEE.In a smart factory environment, a much larger amount of data is transmitted in the workshop networks bringing big challenges to data transfer capability and energy usage efficiency. In the workshop, two main networks (i.e., wired/wireless fieldbus networks and wireless sensor networks) are usually used to collect and transmit data separately; thus, this work proposes to integrate these two networks by also taking advantage of the existing mobile intelligences in smart factories, such as automatic guided vehicles, to implement a novel data and materials delivery scheme well suited for modern industrial wireless sensor networks (IWSNs). In particular, data collected by sensor nodes can be transferred to nearby fieldbus nodes first; then all data in fieldbus nodes can be handled according to different priorities. High-priority data are still transferred to the central base station through fieldbus while low-priority data are delivered through mobile intelligence by solving a materials and data delivery problem. Simulation experiments demonstrate how the proposed approach, running within the IWSN, significantly increases data delivery efficiency, also achieving better energy usage by five times compared to separate networks without any mobile intelligence support.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Indoor Parking Localization Based on Dual Weighted Particle Filter	2018	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	2018, Korean Society for Precision Engineering and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.For successful autonomous valet parking, accurate knowledge of vehicle location in the global map is crucial. Using sensors and maps can be an alternative method for the indoor parking localization to compensate for lack of GPS coverage. However, maps only have static elements such as walls and pillars and semi-static elements such as parked vehicles are not included. Thus, sensor data rarely match with the map data due to the semi-static elements. We developed a robust localization algorithm using a laser scanner, a static map and a feature extraction algorithm. Overall map features consisted of the center positions of parking slots and pillars. Parking slot measurements were extracted from parked vehicles. Position estimation errors occur when matching the vehicle center positions to the parking slot center positions. This error can be reduced by detecting pillars and giving more weight to the observation of these static elements. The contribution of this approach is that we can use not only static objects but also semi-static objects and that position estimation error is reduced. The algorithm was evaluated in the scaled down indoor parking model. The average position errors of this algorithm are compared with errors of odometry data and SIS particle filter.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous parking,Dual weighting,Feature extraction,Localization,Particle filter
Improving the Efficiency by Controlling the Switching Frequency for Secondary-Side Converter of an Inductive Power Transfer System	2018	Electrical Engineering in Japan (English translation of Denki Gakkai Ronbunshi)	2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.The switching frequency affects the efficiency of a secondary-side converter that is configured with a diode bridge rectifier connected to a DC-DC converter in an inductive power transfer (IPT) system. The efficiency characteristics for the switching frequency of a secondary-side converter were analyzed theoretically in order to establish a highly efficient control scheme the controls the switching frequency of the converter. A control scheme is proposed in which the switching frequency of the secondary-side converter is controlled according to the efficiency characteristics. The validity of the proposed control scheme was clarified through experiments. The results showed that the proposed control scheme improved the efficiency of the IPT system by 3.4 points compared to the conventional control scheme.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	battery charger,converter,electric vehicle,inductive power transfer system,S/P compensation,wireless power transfer
Rule based optimization for a bulk handling port operations	2018	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.In this paper a study on the operations of a bulk material port is carried out to develop a decision support model, which deals with the dynamics of port and aids in better decision making at different scenarios. Here, we describe various decisions taken by port authorities pertaining to the import of coal at the terminal. We optimize these decisions with the aim of minimizing the unloading time of ships at the port, congestion in the stockyard, and loading time of the rakes. A practice-oriented decision support model is proposed to assist port planners in making these decisions. Various operational rules are embedded within the model, for carrying out the modelling of various port operations. The utility of the developed model is demonstrated using a case study which helps in achieving efficient utilization of berths, stockyard and rake loading stations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	16	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Bulk material handling port,Rake allocation,Rule based heuristic,Ship berthing,Stockyard allocation
MIP model and elitist strategy hybrid GA–SA algorithm for layout design	2018	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2015, Springer Science+Business Media New York.It is most important for any manufacturing industry to have an efficient layout for their production environment to participate in global competition. One of the prime objectives of such an organisation is to decide an optimal arrangement of their facilities (machines or departments) in a two-dimensional planar region satisfying desired objectives, which is termed facility layout problem. To overcome the drawbacks of traditional layout design methodology, it is attempted to solve three important layout design problems such as inter-cell layout design, determination of optimum location for input/output stations and flow path layout design of material handling system simultaneously in an integrated manner. The quality of the final layout is evaluated by minimizing the total material handling cost, where the perimeter distance metric is used for the distance measurement. Sequence-pair, an elegant representation technique is used for layout encoding. The translation from sequence-pair to layout is efficiently done by longest common subsequence computation methodology. Due to the non-polynomial hard nature of the problem considered, an elitist strategy based hybrid genetic algorithm that uses simulated annealing as local search mechanism (ESHGA) is developed and tested with test problem instances available in the literature. The results indicate that proposed integrated methodology with developed mixed integer programming based mathematical model along with ESHGA could generate realistic layouts compared to reported result.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	8	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Facility layout,Heuristic methods,Manufacturing systems design,Material handling
Adaptive path tracking for unmanned ground vehicle	2018	Proceedings of 2017 IEEE International Conference on Unmanned Systems, ICUS 2017	2017 IEEE.UGV (Unmanned Ground Vehicle) have many potential applications in a variety of areas. Path tracking is a crucial issue for UGV and one of the most popular methods for path tracking is the PPA (Pure Pursuit Algorithm). Most of researches using the PPA only consider the look-ahead distance as a constant parameter or a function. Whereas in fact, the look-ahead distance is affected by some elements and it would directly influence the effect of path tracking. In this paper, an adaptive path tracking method based on the PPA for UGV is proposed, in which the look-ahead distance is selected in a range of value by comparing distance error between the planned path and the actual path. This proposed method will reduce tracking error in some road condition. The results of experiments show that, compared with the classical PPA, the performance in the effectiveness and accuracy of using the adaptive path tracking method is improved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Aerospace Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Control and Optimization	Distance error,Pure Pursuit Algorithm (PPA),The look-ahead distance,Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV)
New research on SLAM algorithm based on feature matching	2018	2017 2nd International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Mechatronics, ICARM 2017	2017 IEEE.In this paper, we study the technology of the robot environment map building based on laser radar scanner (SLAM). Aiming at the problem of high computation and high dimension matching in SLAM technology, this paper takes the method of reducing resource consumption and improving data association as the research starting point, and puts forward the framework of SLAM algorithm. Because of the high density environmental characteristics will lead to map growth with high rate. In the first part, this paper extracts segment descriptors from the point cloud data of laser radar scanners to establish of local sparse feature map. Then, extract the Matching feature. The Matching feature will be used for registration and prediction of the robot's view measurement and use the registration results to correct dead reckoning robot model, getting more accurate robot pose. Finally, the position and the observation prediction are used to achieve the Extend Calman filter to obtain the final position and attitude estimation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Mechanical Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Modeling and Simulation	Extend Calman filter,ladar,matching feature,SLAM
Intelligent path tracking control for plant protection robot based on fuzzy PD	2018	2017 2nd International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Mechatronics, ICARM 2017	2017 IEEE.In order to realize the path following control of the robot in the complex agricultural environment, an intelligent path following control method based on fuzzy PD (proportional derivative) is proposed. Firstly, in order to realize the task of path tracking and automatic steering control, the automatic navigation controller and the automatic steering method based on fuzzy PD control are constructed. The method of driving the robot hardware platform based on plant protection unmanned, developed automatic navigation control system based on laser radar, angle sensor, then according to the structure and control principle of automatic navigation control system, the robot kinematics model, two wheel vehicle control model, pure path tracking control method, finally, has carried on the the design of the tracking control principle and fuzzy PD control method is verified by MATLAB/simulink simulation platform. The results show that the maximum tracking error is only 5cm, and the average tracking error is 1.2cm when the robot tracks with 1.5m/s. The simulation and experimental results show that the control system can effectively control the robot walking on a predetermined path.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Mechanical Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Modeling and Simulation	fuzzy PD,path tracking,plant protection robot
An omnidirectional mobile operating robot based on mecanum wheel	2018	2017 2nd International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Mechatronics, ICARM 2017	2017 IEEE.Omnidirectional mobile operating robot not only expands the working space of manipulator, but also enhances the function of the omnidirectional vehicle. So, it has wide application prospect. This paper analyses the omnidirectional movement principle of Mecanum wheel, designs an omnidirectional moving vehicle based on Mecanum wheel, and establishes its motion control rules. A manipulator with six degrees of freedom is designed and its kinematic model is established. Simulation platform of omnidirectional mobile operating robot is developed, and the motion trajectory to cover the maximum moment and speed of joints as much as possible is designed. Simulation results show that the movement of omnidirectional vehicle is steady and the vertical fluctuation is small. The predetermined trajectory of manipulator is achieved, the movement of joints is smooth, and the force and energy consumption of each joint are reasonable, which verifies the feasibility of the omnidirectional mobile operating robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Mechanical Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Modeling and Simulation	Manipulator,Mecanum Wheel,Mobile Operation,Omnidirectional Vehicle,Performance Simulation
The motion control system based on ARM and multi-sensor information fusion technology	2018	Proceedings - 2017 2nd International Conference on Mechanical, Control and Computer Engineering, ICMCCE 2017	2017 IEEE.Aiming at the construction requirements of 'outdoor test field for LED street lamp', an auto test vehicle for outdoor illuminance performance was developed. The test vehicle is consisted of AGV, AGV controller, encoder interface circuit, measurement & control terminal and remote controller. The AGV controller collects signals from encoders and landmark sensors. The position information of AGV is accurately measured by multi-sensor information fusion technology. The AGV controller identifies the parameters dynamically such as kinetic lead, controls the action of AGV. In the AGV motion control system, the AGV positioning error is within 3cm, meet measurement requirements of outdoor test field. Through the interface circuit with measurement & control terminal, the AGV controller can test the related parameters of outdoor LED lamp automatically, such as illuminance parameters and electrical parameters. These parameters can be transmitted to the control center with wireless networks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	AGV controller,encoder,landmark sensor,motion control,multi-sensor information fusion
Data cleansing for energy-saving: a case of Cyber-Physical Machine Tools health monitoring system	2018	International Journal of Production Research	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Cyber-Physical Production Systems (CPPS) often use wireless sensor networks (WSNs) for monitoring purposes. However, data from WSNs may be inaccurate and unreliable due to power exhaustion, noise and other issues. In order to achieve a reliable and accurate data acquisition while ensuring low energy consumption and long lifetime of WSNs, data cleansing algorithms for energy-saving are proposed in this research. The cleansing algorithms are computationally lightweight in local sensors and energy-efficient due to low energy consumption in communications. Dynamic voltage scaling and dynamic power management are adopted for reducing energy consumption, without compromising the performance at system level. A low-power protocol for sink node communication is proposed at network level. A health monitoring system for a Cyber-Physical Machine Tool (a typical example of CPPS) is designed. Experiment results show that the proposed energy-saving data cleansing algorithm yields high-performance and effective monitoring.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	11	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cyber-Physical Machine Tools (CPMT),Cyber-Physical Production Systems (CPPS),Cyber-Physical Systems,data cleansing,energy-saving
Queueing network models for analysis of nonstationary manufacturing systems	2018	International Journal of Production Research	2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Queueing and queueing network models have been extensively employed for the performance analysis of manufacturing systems. They have enjoyed successful applications in rapid modelling for system design and performance evaluation of operational plans. In this paper, we briefly review literature on significant queuing network models developed and applied to the analysis of manufacturing systems. Previous work has focused almost exclusively on static environments of various types including open and closed networks for serial and general systems with various attributes such as unreliable machines, general arrival and service distributions, finite buffers and controlled work-in-process levels. As many systems experience dynamic demand and time-dependent resource availability, we propose a framework for the analysis of manufacturing systems under dynamic conditions. Numerical validation of this framework against simulation estimates is performed for realistic sized flowshop and jobshop instances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	manufacturing systems,nonstationary demand,performance analysis,performance approximations,queueing networks
An integrated approach for scheduling health care activities in a hospital	2018	European Journal of Operational Research	2017 Elsevier B.V.To effectively utilise hospital beds, operating rooms (OR) and other treatment spaces, it is necessary to precisely plan patient admissions and treatments in advance. As patient treatment and recovery times are unequal and uncertain, this is not easy. In response, a sophisticated flexible job-shop scheduling (FJSS) model is introduced, whereby patients, beds, hospital wards and health care activities are respectively treated as jobs, single machines, parallel machines and operations. Our approach is novel because an entire hospital is describable and schedulable in one integrated approach. The scheduling model can be used to recompute timings after deviations, delays, postponements and cancellations. It also includes advanced conditions such as activity and machine setup times, transfer times between activities, blocking limitations and no wait conditions, timing and occupancy restrictions, buffering for robustness, fixed activities and sequences, release times and strict deadlines. To solve the FJSS problem, constructive algorithms and hybrid meta-heuristics have been developed. Our numerical testing shows that the proposed solution techniques are capable of solving problems of real world size. This outcome further highlights the value of the scheduling model and its potential for integration into actual hospital information systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	19	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Disjunctive graph model,Flexible job shop,Hospital scheduling,Hybrid meta-heuristics,Scheduling
Sensor integration-based approach for automatic fork lift trucks	2018	IEEE Sensors Journal	2017 IEEE.In the industrial environment, the flow of materials is a complex and very expensive process. For reducing the expenses, it requires an effort to find favorable and flexible systems. Fork lift trucks are widely used in industries for transfer actions. The complexity of manually operated fork lift trucks shall be reduced by low cost automation. This paper deals with sensor interfaced automatic fork lifter for the effective materials flow. This fork-lift truck will identify the different pallets automatically based upon their surface color by the color sensor interfaced with it. The digital output of the color sensor varies with respect to the wavelength of the color. This output decides the selection or rejection of the pallets for loading as well as unloading anywhere. Line following technique is used for transportation between sections to avoid the complexity of conventional memory mapping technique.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Color sensor,IR sensor,Line following technique ultrasonic sensor
Small imaging depth LIDAR and DCNN-based localization for automated guided vehicle	2018	Sensors (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.We present our third prototype sensor and a localization method for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), for which small imaging LIght Detection and Ranging (LIDAR) and fusion-based localization are fundamentally important. Our small imaging LIDAR, named the Single-Photon Avalanche Diode (SPAD) LIDAR, uses a time-of-flight method and SPAD arrays. A SPAD is a highly sensitive photodetector capable of detecting at the single-photon level, and the SPAD LIDAR has two SPAD arrays on the same chip for detection of laser light and environmental light. Therefore, the SPAD LIDAR simultaneously outputs range image data and monocular image data with the same coordinate system and does not require external calibration among outputs. As AGVs travel both indoors and outdoors with vibration, this calibration-less structure is particularly useful for AGV applications. We also introduce a fusion-based localization method, named SPAD DCNN, which uses the SPAD LIDAR and employs a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN). SPAD DCNN can fuse the outputs of the SPAD LIDAR: range image data, monocular image data and peak intensity image data. The SPAD DCNN has two outputs: the regression result of the position of the SPAD LIDAR and the classification result of the existence of a target to be approached. Our third prototype sensor and the localization method are evaluated in an indoor environment by assuming various AGV trajectories. The results show that the sensor and localization method improve the localization accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	8	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deep convolutional neural network,Deep learning,Imaging LIDAR,Light detection and ranging,Localization,Sensor fusion,Single-photon avalanche diode
Natural interaction based on affective robotics for multi-robot systems	2018	2017 International Symposium on Multi-Robot and Multi-Agent Systems, MRS 2017	2017 IEEE.In this paper we introduce a novel approach that enables users to interact with a multi-robot system in a natural manner. Additionally, interaction adapts to the user's affect and stamina. To this end, we consider the use of a smartwatch for recognizing the motion of the user's forearm, which is then translated in velocity commands for the robots. A natural mapping between user's movements and robots commands is implemented, so that the user can intuitively drive the robots by mimicking real-world behavior. Additionally, the operator's heart rate is measured, since it is a measure of mental stress. Thus, when an increase in mental stress is detected, the behavior of the multi-robot system is changed in order to simplify the interaction task and relieve the user. The proposed interaction system is tested with different users. Specifically, the effectiveness of the natural interaction is evaluated and compared to the use of a joypad and a haptic device. Moreover, we preliminarily test the affective interaction approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	5	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization	None
Agent-based simulation study for improving logistic warehouse performance	2018	Journal of Simulation	2017,  Operational Research Society 2017.Logistic warehouses are critical nodes in a supply chain and improving their performance is a crucial issue when trying to avoid unproductive bottlenecks. Warehouse optimization involves several problems, some of which must be considered at the design stage and others during real-time operations. In this study, we performed an agent-based simulation to analyze the behavior of automatic logistic warehouses under the influence of specific factors, thereby obtaining indicators to supporting decision making during warehouse performance improvement. This study focused mainly on automatic warehouses where goods are moved by automatic guided vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	5	Software,Modeling and Simulation	logistics,management,optimization,Simulation
A Study on Simulation Methods for AGV Fleet Size Estimation in a Flexible Manufacturing System	2018	Materials Today: Proceedings	2017 Elsevier Ltd.This paper presents a study on the estimation of fleet size of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). Determination of AGV fleet size plays a decisive role on the performance of job shop environment. Simulation methods are studied in detail for the estimation of AGV fleet size in a Flexible Manufacturing System. The presented methods are based on either minimization of total travel time or overall cost. Analytical methods are used for initial estimation of fleet size. Simulation methods give better results but in complex situations, simulation methods are cumbersome.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	4	Materials Science (all)	AGV number,Automated Guided vehicles,Flexible Manufacturing System,Material Handling,Simulation methods
Requirements of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) for SMEs (Small and Medium-sized Enterprises)	2018	Procedia Computer Science	2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Humanity is witnessing the next generation industrial revolution, so-called the fourth industrial revolution. In the fourth industrial revolution era, the high level of ICTs (Information and Communication Technologies) such as AI (Artificial Intelligence), IoT (Internet of Things), big data, cloud system will be converged and pervaded throughout the society which may lead to innovative changes in our life. Especially, automated driving is one of the most representative keyword of the fourth industrial revolution. In this paper, requirements of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) for SMEs (Small- and Medium-sized Enterprises) in Korea were investigated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	8	Computer Science (all)	AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle),fourth industrial revolution,SMEs (Small- and Medium-sized Enterprises)
Concept Design of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) Based on Image Detection and Positioning	2018	Procedia Computer Science	2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Humanity is witnessing the fourth industrial revolution. In the fourth industrial revolution era, the high level of ICTs (Information and Communication Technologies) such as AI (Artificial Intelligence), IoT (Internet of Things), big data, cloud system will be converged and pervaded throughout the society which may lead to innovative changes in our life. Especially, automated driving is one of the most representative keyword of the fourth industrial revolution. Automated driving is not only the state-of-the-art application for the cars on the street but also the essential solution for the vehicles, so called AGV, on the manufacturing factory. In this paper, concept design of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) based on image detection and positioning were suggested.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Computer Science (all)	AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle),deep learning,fourth industrial revolution,image detection
Path Planning for Automatic Guided Vehicle with Multiple Target Points in Known Environment	2018	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.Today, Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) with a path planning algorithm are being used in many industrial fields. There are A*, D*, and D* lite algorithms in the path planning algorithm. In this paper, propose a modified D* lite algorithm using the most efficient D* lite among these algorithms. The modified D* lite path planning algorithm is proposed to improve these D* lite path planning algorithm’s weaknesses such as traversing across obstacles sharp corners, or traversing between two obstacles. The modified D* lite path planning algorithm has function to set target points differently from the existing D* lite path planning algorithm. To do this task, the followings are done. First, a work space is divided into square cells. Second, cost of each edge connecting current node to neighbor nodes is calculated. Third, the shortest paths from the initial point to all multiple target points are computed and the shortest paths from any target point to remaining target points including the goal point are computed by using Hamilton path. Fourth, a cost-minimal path is re-calculated as soon as the laser sensor detects an obstacle and make an updated list of target points. Finally, the validity of the proposed modified D* lite path planning algorithm is verified through simulation and experimental results in known environment.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,D* lite algorithm,Laser sensor,Multiple targets,Path planning
Analysis of the battery lifetime in wireless charger system for AGV by model based development method	2018	31st International Electric Vehicle Symposium and Exhibition, EVS 2018 and International Electric Vehicle Technology Conference 2018, EVTeC 2018	Copyright  2018 Society of Automotive Engineers of Japan, Inc. All rights reservedWe applied the Model Based Development (MBD) to the development of Wireless charging system for Automated Guided Vehicle. In this charging system, it is considered that the deterioration of the battery becomes large because charging and discharging of the battery are repeated frequently. In this paper, we predicted the lifetime of various batteries used in the charging system and clarified the optimum battery for the system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Fuel Technology,Automotive Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle,Battery lifetime,Electric coupling method,Model Based Development
A mathematical model for scheduling of production process and allocation of an automatic guided vehicle in a flexible manufacturing system	2018	International Journal of Engineering Systems Modelling and Simulation	Copyright  2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Given that material handling in manufacturing systems is very important, many organisations use automatic guided vehicle (AGV). In recent years, many organisations have intended to have access to an optimal scheduling plan for their manufacturing and transportation system. For this reason, a mathematical model is proposed in this study for scheduling of the production process and AGV's allocation. Production time in any process, setup time, loaded/unloaded trip duration, parking spaces, and the discharge time and loading of products at each workstation are considered in the proposed model. Finally, a numerical example is used to explore the proposed model and it will be solved using GAMS software.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Engineering (all),Modeling and Simulation	AGV,Automatic guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system,Mathematical modelling,Scheduling
Automatic guided vehicles fleet size optimization for flexible manufacturing system by grey wolf optimization algorithm	2018	Management Science Letters	2018 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.Automatic guided vehicle system (AGVs) plays a vital role in material handling operations for a flexible manufacturing system (FMS).Optimum AGVs fleet size selection is one of the most significant decisions in effective design and control of automated material handling system. The fleet size estimation and optimization of AGVs requires an in-depth understanding of the various factors that AGVs in the FMS relies on. In this paper, an investigation for fleet size optimization of AGVs in different layouts of FMS by application of the analytical method and grey wolf optimization algorithm (GWO) is carried out. Layout design is one of the significant factors for optimization of AGV’s fleet size in any FMS. Results yield from analytical and grey wolf optimization algorithm are compared and validated for the different sizes of FMS layouts by computational experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	9	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Automatic guided vehicles,Fleet size optimization,Flexible manufacturing system,Grey wolf optimization algorithm
The warehouse problem: Use of a simulation and scale model to evaluate intelligent control of an autonomous vehicle in a factory	2018	IMCIC 2018 - 9th International Multi-Conference on Complexity, Informatics and Cybernetics, Proceedings	2018 International Institute of Informatics and Systemics IIIS. All rights reserved.A project was designed to model and simulate the functions of a warehouse environment equipped with an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) technology. The centerpiece of the project was the to-scale mockup of the warehouse environment integrated with RFID technology to enable landmark recognition. A Lego NXT robot complete with RFID reception antennae and XBEE radio modules represent the AGVs. Communication across the system was monitored by a central control unit according to a hierarchical network structure, which enabled global vision for the system, prevented collisions, contention, and deadlock, and stored large amounts of system data for diagnostic and statistical purposes. Test results were compared to industry standards and applied to a real-world warehouse with no AGV system to determine that equal efficiency and throughput was possible with automation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Autonomous vehicles,Robotics,Simulation
Simulation-based performance analysis in robotic mobile fulfilment systems analyzing the throughput of different layout configurations	2018	SIMULTECH 2018 - Proceedings of 8th International Conference on Simulation and Modeling Methodologies, Technologies and Applications	Copyright  2018 by SCITEPRESS-Science and Technology Publications, Lda. All rights reserved.A robotic mobile fulfilment system for automated storage and retrieval of goods is investigated to determine reachable throughput as a function of the number of vehicles. The simulation model considers connected zones for manual order picking and replenishment of empty storage units. The results show a strong increase of blocking effects between vehicles if the number of vehicles within the system increases. This leads to a maximal throughput, which further vehicles cannot increase. We will show that changing the storage layout increases throughput. The results also show a linear correlation between the number of vehicles and the throughput for small numbers of vehicles. Here, analytical calculations are admissible since minor blocking effects do occur. However, the end of the linear correlation can only be found by simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Modeling and Simulation	Automated guided vehicles,Discrete-event simulation,Robotic mobile fulfilment system,Throughput analysis
Comparison and evaluation of job selection dispatching rules for integrated scheduling of multi-load automatic guided vehicles serving in variable sized flexible manufacturing system layouts: A simulation study	2018	Management Science Letters	2018 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.This paper compares and evaluates the performance of five different conventional job selection dispatching rules for scheduling of multi-load automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) serving for material handling operations in variable sized flexible manufacturing system (FMS) layout. Four sizes of FMS layout are considered for the performance evaluation of the five types of conventional job selection dispatching rules. The FMS layouts under consideration are served by the two multi-load AGVs. The multi-load AGVs cruises under machine initiated the nearest vehicle (NV) dispatching rule for the material handling activities at all work centers (WCs) for all four sizes of FMS layout. Four sizes of FMS layout produce five different types of parts and consist of three, six, nine and twelve work centers and loading-unloading centers, respectively. In the simulation test, it is found that the identical destination first (IDF) job selection rule having selection criterion based on the destination similarity of two picked up jobs outperforms all other job selection dispatching rules for an overall production rate of the FMS (parts/hr) in all four FMS layouts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	8	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AGVs,Dispatching Rules,FMS,Simulation
AGV reduction algorithm for shop floor optimization	2018	IISE Annual Conference and Expo 2018	2018 Institute of Industrial Engineers (IIE). All rights reserved.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are frequently used to complete transportation jobs and carry sub-assembled products between different machines and stations in a shop floor. This paper introduces an original heuristic algorithm that optimizes the job scheduling and routing of material-handling AGVs. The algorithm is initialized with a quadratic optimization model and begins with a large fleet of AGVs that can optimally complete all jobs in the shop floor. Over each iteration of the algorithm, the number of available AGVs in the system is decremented while the algorithm dynamically updates the schedule and routing. Each time the AGV fleet size is reduced, the job workload is heuristically redistributed among the remaining vehicles, and the algorithm ends once the number of available AGVs equals the specified required fleet size for the shop floor. By optimizing AGV scheduling and routing, this algorithm minimizes product makespan while conforming to a shop floor's required number of vehicles. When compared to similar solution techniques with identical data sets in existing literature, the algorithm achieves a comparable makespan but with a greater efficiency that makes it more applicable to fast-paced production systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV routing,AGV scheduling,Heuristic algorithm,Job Shop Scheduling
The position monitoring system of automated guided vehicle (AGV) in the industrial production process	2018	Proceedings of 2018 the 8th International Workshop on Computer Science and Engineering, WCSE 2018	Proceedings of 2018 the 8th International Workshop on Computer Science and Engineering, WCSE 2018. All rights reserved.Robots are needed to enhance the competitiveness and sustainability of the company. Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is one of many varieties of industrial robots carrying loads to where we want to be. The wide areas within industrial company inflict the monitoring of production processes to be inadequate. This research discusses the design and implementation of the position monitoring system of AGV. The monitoring system applies wireless communication using Xbee Module. There are two systems: the AGV and user system. The AGV system discussed about the movement control using Fuzzy Inference System (FIS) while the user system discussed about data processing obtained from the AGV system became position coordinate. The results showed the movement of AGV that can be monitored well.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated Guided Vehicle,Fuzzy inference system,Monitoring system,Xbee
Improvement of the mobile robot location dedicated for habitable house construction by 3D printing	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018Currently, building construction is beginning to consider the use of 3D printing which can be considered as an evolution or modernization of its proven traditional techniques. A new process based on FAM approach (Foam Additive Manufacturing) has been patented by Nantes University. The wall manufacturing is based on the laying of two polyurethane foam beads which plays the role of framework for the concrete and inside and outside thermal insulation. To perform the laying, the development of a robotic architecture integrates an automated guided vehicle and an industrial robot located on it. The printing environment is complex: printed walls, pipes inside the concrete slab, robot hoses, house form complexity, vertical steel reinforcement. Also, the concrete slab inspection shows a flatness defect close to 25mm (regular defect) which impacts the robot accuracy. The objective is then to find the best location for an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) in order to perform the printing in the best conditions. After a comparison on current mobile robot architecture for house manufacturing, we present the location of the mobile robot in its environment where, during the first day, the navigation is analysed and then improved to perform the house printing. Via the homogeneous transformation, we outline the Direct Geometrical Model and our implementation to improve the accuracy of the robotic system. Finally, we present the manufacturing principle and the final result: a habitable house by 3D printing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	5	Control and Systems Engineering	3D printing,Accuracy improvement,Automated Guided Vehicle,Building Information Modeling,Foam Additive Manufacturing,Mobile robot
A new EKF SLAM algorithm of lidar-based AGV fused with bearing information	2018	TechConnect Briefs 2018 - Advanced Materials	2018 by TechConnect. All rights reserved.Because of accumulation error from the variance of bearing in the conventional Extended Kaiman Filter (EKF) algorithm, the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) using the lidar navigation for the Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) needs to be guided with closed-loop route. This paper proposed a new EKF SLAM method fused with absolute bearing information provided by an electronic compass to enable more accurate map building with simple open-loop. This approach broke the EKF algorithm for SLAM application into two parts. The inner part of EKF compute the position and pose of AGV based on the encoder information and then correct the estimated result with the actual value of the compass. Such that the outer layer of EKF takes this corrected output from the inner to further estimate the position and pose of AGV and correct and map with lidar data. Simulation and experiment show that the algorithm can effectively reduce errors of AGV, even if the path is open-loop.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Materials Science (all)	Algorithm,Automated guided vehicle,Extended kalman filter,Laser guidance,Simultaneous localization and mapping
A Guide to Selecting Path Planning Algorithm for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV)	2018	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.This paper presents a guide to selecting path planning algorithm for automated guided vehicle. To solve the problem that users cannot choose the right algorithm due to a lack of comparative analysis of path planning algorithms, the following tasks are done. Firstly, a guide containing explanation and comparison of A* and D* Lite algorithms is presented. Then, suggestions in algorithm selection are proposed. Finally, simulation and experimental results are shown. In large area and complex work environment, D* Lite algorithm usually plans shorter path faster than A* algorithm does. However, D* Lite algorithm might be less effective than A* algorithm in small area and simple work environment. For those reasons, the characteristics of system which algorithm is going to be applied to should be considered in algorithm selection.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	A* algorithm,Automatic guided vehicle,D* Lite,Guide,Path planning algorithm
The research on Multi-AGV path planning	2018	Conference Proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on Project Management, ISPM 2018	Conference Proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on Project Management, ISPM 2018. All rights reserved.With the increasing demands on production efficiency and automation of modern factories or construction sites, the use of AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) has become more and more. This paper is aimed at multi-AGV path planning in dynamic environment of automated production workshop. Firstly, the mathematical model of the problem is established. Then, the improved niche genetic algorithm is designed. Finally, three collision-free optimal paths are obtained by MATLAB simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Business and International Management,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law,Management of Technology and Innovation,Strategy and Management	AGV,Mathematical model,NGA,Path planning
Tandem Workshop Scheduling Based on Sectional Coding and Varying Length Crossover Genetic Algorithm	2018	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2018, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.For the tandem workshop scheduling problem, the objective of optimization is to obtain minimum total distribution time. To achieve that goal, we propose an optimization model, considering the rated load of automated guided vehicles (AGV) and the different regional transportation speeds. This model has three features. First, the sectional coding rules are adopted because materials need to be transported in batches between machines. Second, the crossover operation with varying length is used because the superior characteristics of the previous generation population could be better passed down to the offspring, thus accelerating the convergence rate of the population. Finally, the mutation operation combining insertion and reverse can maintains the diversity of the population and improve the local search ability of the algorithm. The tandem workshop scheduling problem can apply our algorithm, and the effectiveness of the improvement is demonstrated.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Genetic algorithm,Sectional coding,Tandem workshop scheduling
Simulation analysis of models for estimation of empty travel time of vehicles in non-automated material handling systems	2018	FME Transactions	Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Belgrade.In designing or redesigning a facility like manufacturing plant or warehouse, an integral part is a proper selection of material handling system. Despite large alternatives, including automated material handling systems with conveyors or automated guided vehicles, most facilities today use for material handling man-driving vehicles (non-automated discrete material handling system). Proper design of such systems requires determination of required number of vehicles. Determination of empty vehicle travel time is based on either time consuming simulation or nonsimulation approach using estimation. The main goal of this paper is to review and analyse some proposed methods for empty travel time estimation of non-automated discrete material handling systems. Results obtained by estimation methods are compared with the simulation results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Croatia	1	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Discrete non-automated material handling system,Empty travel time estimation methods,Simulation analysis
Tracking Controller Design for Omni-Directional Automated Guided Vehicles Using Backstepping and Model Reference Adaptive Control	2018	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.This paper proposes a tracking controller for omni-directional automated guided vehicle using backstepping and model reference adaptive control. To design the proposed controller, the followings are done. Firstly, a system modeling is obtained by analyzing a dynamic modeling of an OAGV. Secondly, a backstepping technique is utilized to design the proposed controller since a system modeling has a recursive structure. Moreover, there exist uncertain parameters in the system modeling, a known reference model is utilized so that the output of the reference model tracks a virtual control input. Thirdly, uncertain parameters are estimated by update laws in order that the velocity vector of the OAGV tracks the output vector of the reference model control input. Finally, the stability of the proposed controller is analyzed by Lyapunov theory and the effectiveness of the proposed controller are verified by simulation results.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Backstepping,Model reference adaptive control,Omni-directional wheel,Reference trajectory
A Review on Facility Layout Design of An Automated Guided Vehicle in Flexible Manufacturing System	2018	Materials Today: Proceedings	2017 Elsevier Ltd.This paper presents a review on facility layout design of an Automated Guided Vehicle in Flexible Manufacturing system. We address many issues related to layout design, location of pickup and delivery points and flow path design. We discuss various developments in layout design, comparison of tandem layout with other layouts, various developments in location of pickup and delivery points and flow path design. We further classify different models and results from key publications in literature.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Materials Science (all)	Automated guided vehicles,flexible manufacturing system,tandem layout
Optimisation of AGVs path layout in flexible manufacturing system using 0-1 linear integer programming	2018	International Journal of Process Management and Benchmarking	Copyright  2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The use of AGVs has grown enormously since their introduction. The number of areas of application and variation in types has increased significantly. Flow path design is an important factor in the design of automated guided vehicle systems (AGVS). In this paper, problem of optimal flow path layout design of automated guided vehicles in the flexible manufacturing system is discussed. The problem is analysed and formulated as 0-1 linear integer programming model with the objective of minimising the total distance travelled by individual loaded AGV. An illustrative example of a layout consisting of four manufacturing cells with 16 nodes and 19 arcs is discussed to demonstrate the approach. In this approach only the movement of loaded vehicles with the unidirectional flow is considered. A general linear optimisation computer software package, named LINGO 14 is used to find out the optimal flow path for the layout.	Journal	j	re	Review	India	3	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system,Flow path layout,FMS,Linear integer programming,LINGO 14,Optimisation
Trajectory tracking of AGVs by linear parameter-varying control: a case study⁎	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2016This paper proposes a linear-parameter varying (LPV) controller design approach for trajectory tracking of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) based on a simple yet nonlinear kinematic model. By linearization of the model about a reference trajectory, an LPV model is readily obtained, which is then augmented with identified linear time-invariant actuator models. An appropriate parameter-dependent controller for the system is designed in an optimal way by specifying the control objectives in terms of H∞ criteria. Its performance is assessed by means of experiments on the considered prototype of an autonomous platform.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	2	Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicles,computer-aided control system design,experimental validation,feedback control,linear parameter-varying control
Optimising the maintenance strategy for a multi-AGV system using genetic algorithms	2018	Safety and Reliability - Safe Societies in a Changing World - Proceedings of the 28th International European Safety and Reliability Conference, ESREL 2018	2018 Taylor & Francis Group, London.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are playing increasingly vital roles in a variety of applications in modern society, such as intelligent transportation in warehouses and material distribution in automated production lines. They improve production efficiency, save labour cost, and bring significant economic benefit to end users. However, to utilise these potential benefits is highly dependent on the reliability and availability of the AGVs. In other words, an effective maintenance strategy is critical in the application of AGVs. The research activity reported in this paper is to realise an effective maintenance strategy for a multi-AGV system by the approach of Genetic Algorithms (GA). To facilitate the research, an automated material distribution system consisting of three AGVs is considered in this paper for methodology development. The movement of every AGV in the multi-AGV system, and the corrective and periodic preventive maintenances of failed AGVs are modelled using the approach of Coloured Petri Nets (CPNs). Then, a GA is adopted for optimising the maintenance and associated design and operation of the multi-AGV system. From this research, it is disclosed that both the location selection of the maintenance site and the maintenance strategies that are adopted for AGV maintenance have significant influences on the efficiency, cost, and productivity of a multi-AGV system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
A Model of a Malware Infected Automated Guided Vehicle for Experimental Cyber-Physical Security	2018	Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.As part of a factory’s manufacturing cycle, materials need to move through a sequence of operations provided by work-cells, eventually culminating in the finished product. To facilitate this, the collection and delivery of materials around a factory environment is often provided by a fleet of Automated Guided Vehicles and results in increased reliability and reduced operating costs. However, if malware is able to get into the system via a deliberate cyber attack on the site or indeed by way of an infected portable data storage device and human error, then the AGV system is potentially at risk of disruption. As part of the exploration of this growing problem space new tools are needed to assist with developing counter strategies towards blocking such cyber-borne industrial sabotage. This article describes one such qualitative research tool we have developed as part of ongoing research into protecting industrial processes from cyber attack.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	Cyber attack,Malware,Manufacturing,Robotics
Material Distribution and Transportation in a Norwegian Hospital: A Case Study	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018Automated Guided Vehicles have shown significant importance in material transportation and distribution in today's hospitals. The increasing trends of shorter hospital stays and increase of treatments and surgeries in clinics, present new challenges for the supply of goods. The rise in patients in hospitals, and consequently the increase of treatments and surgeries, cause a growth of material usage and goods movement. This study used the Control Model methodology to analyze the material and information flow within the case hospital. Information sharing and integration is still a major issue in the case hospital. The study aims to stimulate further research in material handling and distribution in hospitals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles Systems,Control Model,Hospital Logistics
A hormone regulation–based approach for distributed and on-line scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles	2018	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	2016,  IMechE 2016.With the continuous innovation of technology, automated guided vehicles are playing an increasingly important role on manufacturing systems. Both the scheduling of operations on machines as well as the scheduling of automated guided vehicles are essential factors contributing to the efficiency of the overall manufacturing systems. In this article, a hormone regulation–based approach for on-line scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles within a distributed system is proposed. In a real-time environment, the proposed approach assigns emergent tasks and generates feasible schedules implementing a task allocation approach based on hormonal regulation mechanism. This approach is tested on two scheduling problems in literatures. The results from the evaluation show that the proposed approach improves the scheduling quality compared with state-of-the-art on-line and off-line approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	allocation mechanism,automated guided vehicle,hormone-regulation mechanism,Manufacturing system,on-line scheduling
Fuzzy multi-objective optimization algorithms for solving multi-mode automated guided vehicles by considering machine break time and artificial neural network	2018	Neural Network World	CTU FTS 2018.In this paper, a novel model is presented for machines and automated guided vehicles' simultaneous scheduling, which addresses an extension of the blocking job shop scheduling problem. An artificial neural network approach is used to estimate machine's breakdown indexes. Since the model is strictly NP-hard and because objectives contradict each other, two developed meta-heuristic algorithms called "fuzzy multi-objective invasive weeds optimization algorithm" and "fuzzy multi-objective cuckoo search algorithm" with a new chromosome structure which guarantees the feasibility of solutions are developed to solve the proposed problem. Since there is no benchmark available on literature, three other metaheuristic algorithms are developed with a similar solution structure to validate performance of the proposed algorithms. Computational results showed that developed fuzzy multi-objective invasive weeds optimization algorithm had the best performance in terms of solving problems compared to four other algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Software,Neuroscience (all),Hardware and Architecture,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,ANN,MOCS,MOIWO,Scheduling
The (almost) completely automated 12"-lithography	2018	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2018 SPIE.A fundamental aspect for the economic success of a semiconductor production is a low level of costs per wafer. A substantial part of these costs per wafer is accounted by personnel costs. For this reason, it is desirable to reach the lowest possible level of personnel costs. Mainly this is achieved by increasing the degree of the factory automation. To increase the degree of factory automation, various approaches are conceivable and in use. We were at the time the first 12"-fab worldwide and we were equipped with an OHT (Overhead Hoist Transfer) system of the first generation to transport to and load wafer pods on process equipment and wafer stockers. That means, that the complete wafer handling took place automatically. Viewed with a certain distance, the fab as a whole showed a high level of automation. However, in the lithography it was necessary to handle reticles manually. Figure 1 shows the distribution between the automated wafer handling and the manual done parts reticle handling and necessary tool assist. The efforts for manual reticle handling and the resulting personnel costs contradicted the requirements of a highly automated manufacturing. An investigation about possible reticle automation scenarios by using AGV (Automated Guided Vehicles) or OHT to improve the lithography automation level resulted in non-acceptable investments in relation to the saved personnel costs. As a result, further activities to automate reticle handling have been avoided. But driven by the end of live situation of the used OHT system, a retrofit of the system in 2017 offered the possibility to install additionally to the lot OHT system a reticle OHT option. In conjunction with the findings of the above investigation, this new situation led to the decision to install this option to save the personnel costs of manual reticle handling. Introductory in this paper, we would like to compare briefly conceivable automation scenarios by using AGV and OHT systems. We describe the advantages and disadvantages of both systems arising from our present situation. We justify why only the use of an OHT makes sense for us. The main part of the paper is dedicated to the way from the ended OHT hardware startup to the running automated reticle handling. First of all, we introduce the machinery used. The majority of the exposure equipment was not intended for OHT loading by tool manufacturer. We explain the modifications needed to allow a reticle loading of the exposure tools by OHT. One key factor in getting the system up and running is the control of the exposure tools by host commands. These sequences are used to enable the tool operation without operator-tool interaction. Based on the reticle load and unload strategy, we explain basics of our used exposure tool control. Another key factor is the system control algorithm. The whole reticle operation is controlled by a rule based dispatching system. The rules used combine robustness and necessary performance emphasizing the robustness of the system. The limitations of this rule based dispatching system are discussed and the use of a mathematical solver system recommended. An important aspect of the introduction of the system is the fact that the exposure systems, the OHT and the reticle stockers were used to create a network of machines. This machine network requires functional monitoring approaches that are new to us. We consider possibilities to display status information of this complex network as simply as possible. The aim is to enable fast and efficient troubleshooting within the network. Furthermore, this newly created machine network entails some intrinsic risks. The main risk of complete failure due to the failure of a sub component and ways to minimize this risk are discussed. A summary of the practical experiences during the construction phase of several months completes the main part of this work. It is expected that in continuous operation the demands on the performance and the robustness of the system will increase. In conclusion, we would like to point out possibilities for future system optimization. Based on the current state of knowledge and the implementation costs we will try to evaluate these. Finally, we would like to comment on the title's restriction "almost". We explain why a completely automated lithography, which means including the additional automation of tool assists, is not possible from our current perspective.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Effectiveness evaluation of updating final-state control for automated guided vehicles motion control with collision avoidance problems	2018	IEEJ Journal of Industry Applications	2018 The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan.This paper discusses the effectiveness of using Updating Final-State Control (UFSC) for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) collision-avoidance problems, as an example of rigid body motion control problems that have time-varying states. This paper broadly comprises two parts: 1) clarification of the characteristics of the UFSC through numerical simulations in an ideal system and 2) experimental demonstrations. Regarding the former, this paper performs several numerical simulations and demonstrates the effectiveness of the UFSC through comparison with other methods: PID (Proportional-Integral-Derivative) control with a safety length constraint and MPC (Model Predictive Control). The results show the acceptable performance of the UFSC. In addition, the UFSC has some advantages with respect to the computation time, the effort required for control parameter tuning, and the performance retention of prior obstacle's information and control parameters. For the experimental demonstrations, the authors add the realistic frictions, corresponding to the controlled object, to the one-dimensional model. The experiments are performed under four different conditions, and their results show the validity of the numerical simulations. The discussion in this paper supports the acceptable performance and effectiveness of the UFSC for these types of problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	5	Automotive Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Collision avoidance,Final-state control,Model predictive control,Motion control
Flexible multi-agent system for distributed coordination, transportation & localisation	2018	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS	2018 International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (www.ifaamas.org). All rights reserved.This demonstration presents Flexonomy, a flexible autonomous system for distributed coordination, transportation and localisation in a lab-scale factory floor. It illustrates the use of multi-agent systems in manufacturing and leverages new Industry 4.0 design principles to cope with manufacturing requirements in factories of the future: rapidly changing customer needs, market volatility and shortened product life cycles. Three main contributions are identified: (i) distributed auction-based coordination allows local decision making and task allocation, (ii) distributed model predictive control-based transportation enables free space collision avoidance of automated guided vehicles (AGVs), and (iii) distributed vision-based localisation provides scalable and dynamic position information of key resources on the factory floor.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	1	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Agent cooperation,Engineering agent systems
Design of diagnostic estimators for an automated guided vehicle	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018The paper deals with the design of virtual sensors of longitudinal forces as well as torques acting onto an automated guided vehicle. These virtual sensors are based on a measurement set associated with accelerations, velocities and yaw rate sensors mounted on the robot. Subsequently, the estimated forces and torques are used for diagnostic purposes concerning their appropriate distributions. The main novelty of the proposed approach is that it eliminates the necessity of incorporating wheel models, which usually impairs the performance of the approaches proposed in the literature. The final part of the paper presents experimental results, which clearly exhibit the performance of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	1	Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicles,Fault diagnosis,force balance,input estimation,observers
Mobile robot stability for complex tasks in naval industries	2018	Procedia CIRP	2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Naval industries are looking for new ways to perform complex tasks on large and stationary parts. In this context, mobile manipulator which consists of a robot manipulator mounted on a wheeled base (Automated Guided Vehicle) is a promising solution. In order to guaranty the quality and free the workers to make dangerous or repetitive tasks, the manufacturing process is redefined where the worker supervises and collaborates with the robotic system. In this paper, the stability of such a robotic system is studied in a dynamic way for a better understanding of the stability of robotic system in order it to be a safe solution. Various representations are given to understand the influence of joint speed and joint acceleration. Finally, as a Key Performance Indicator, a map is drawn to represent the effect of the structure height on the tip-over.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Integrity,Mobile robot,Stability,Tip-over
Computational Intelligence in Control of AGV Multimodal Systems	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018The paper offers a new model for in-plant transportation control with the AGV. The controlling part is performed with the use of software constituting a hybrid information system employing fuzzy logic and genetic algorithms. Introducing the division of workspace into zones and switching stations resolved the problem of multimodality in transportation and potential collisions between AGVs. The concept model was verified by means of the developed simulation model of the production system with the transportation control system. The conducted simulation experiments confirmed high efficiency of the proposed solution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	6	Control and Systems Engineering	artificial intelligence,Automated Guided Vehicles,modelling,simulation,transportation control,transportation logistics
Iot-enabled smart AGV visibility for industry 4.0	2018	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	2018, Curran Associates Inc. All rights reserved.As small devices become internet participants, the Internet of Things (IoT) is formed. Their application in industry enables the next industrial revolution, Industry 4.0. Where manufacturing tools were previously independent, they are now synthesized into an interconnected Intelligent Manufacturing System. Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) could be viable for material transportation between these tools. A product could then be manufactured, from start to end, spanning diverse machine processes, entirely autonomously. This paper introduces an IoT-enabled smart AGV for industry 4.0 using digital twin principle for real-time visualize the status of AGVs such as location, speed, etc. A mobile touchscreen interface is developed for use by a factory worker. It displays the real time position of each of the AGVs and can be used to send an AGV to any location on the shop floor. A smart AGV system was implemented using readily available IoT enabling components and demonstrated its feasibility successfully under a manufacturing shopfloor scenario.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	0	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs),Digital twin,Industry 4.0,Internet of things,Logistics
Optimal Scheduling of AGVs in a Reentrant Blocking Job-shop	2018	Procedia CIRP	2017 The Authors.This work presents a mixed integer linear programming (MILP) formulation to find an optimal solution to a small instance of the complex scheduling problem in a make-to-order production. Minimizing the make span, the MILP generates the optimal schedule for the autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) in a blocking reentrant job shop environment with different jobs. Feasible schedules for the machines and the AGVs are generated from different sized instances to evaluate the limits of the mathematical model. These results are compared to a priority rule based dispatching system, evaluated with a discrete event simulation. The comparison leads to the insight, that on the one hand optimal solutions cannot be calculated for most real world scenarios due to the complexity and on the other hand the application of a standard dispatching rule lead to poor performances neither of the technics are satisfying the need to generate an appropriate schedule. As a result possible solutions are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agv,Blocking job shop,Make-to-order,Milp
Design and Development of Intelligent AGV Using Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence	2018	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2018, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.The main aim of this paper is to develop a smart material handling system using an AGV (automated guided vehicle). The task is to transport a container of a fixed size from a defined start point to a defined end point. There is an overhead camera located at the boundary of the arena, in such a way that complete arena can be seen in a single frame. The camera will be capturing real-time images of the vehicle to determine its position and orientation using OpenCV library. The computer will also perform the task of path planning by using various artificial intelligence algorithms like RRT (rapidly random exploring tree) and A* (A Star). The outcome of this process will be the shortest path from beginning point to finish point while avoiding the obstacles. The commands should be enough for the robot to understand where it should go next, i.e., the next pose for the robot. This process continues until the goal is reached. To achieve this, few algorithms are developed for shape detection and edge detection. They help in determining the obstacles and the free area/ path where robot can traverse. The image from overhead camera is used to make the shortest global path from start to end using image processing. The computer will do this using various packages in ROS (robot operating system). This global path will generate waypoints for robot to traverse and the image will also provide current pose for the robot. Though the orientation of the obstacles varies the path of AGV and will always follow the shortest path. Thus, AGV shows the artificial intelligent.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	A star,AGV,Artificial intelligence,OpenCV,Robot operating system (ROS),RRT
Nonlinear Vehicle Trajectory Guidance for Automated Driving on Highways	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018For highly automated driving on highways the longitudinal and lateral vehicle guidance is realized by advanced driving assistance systems (ADAS). Until now, these systems usually comprise two separate controllers - one for lateral and one for longitudinal control. This paper presents a new nonlinear control scheme for the next level of ADAS systems which perform both longitudinal and lateral control for automated driving on highways. A nonlinear model is developed taking into account the dynamic behavior of the actuators, i. e. engine, steering, and brake system and the curvature of the road as time-varying parameter. This model is used to design a feedback linearizing controller which decouples lateral and longitudinal dynamics and allows a linear control design. The model states and control design considers that all required signals can be obtained by state-of-the-art hardware of production vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering	actuators,automated guided vehicles,feedback linearization,Nonlinear control,time-varying parameter
Automated driving on steel and rubber	2018	Safety and Reliability - Safe Societies in a Changing World - Proceedings of the 28th International European Safety and Reliability Conference, ESREL 2018	2018 Taylor & Francis Group, London.In this paper, we provide a comparison between principles and experience of autonomous or automatic systems on rails and on the street. An automatic metro operates in a controlled and well-defined environment that makes automatic driving possible. Passengers are separated from moving systems, e.g. by using platform screen doors that allow access only directly into the train, which is at standstill. In addition, passengers and third persons are separated from driving trains by fences, tunnels, etc. For road vehicles, currently a large number of assistance system is available that are able to handle specific situations. This leads to the impression that these vehicles can move autonomously. However, these assistance systems are developed in such a manner that the driver must always be able to interfere. There are only some exclusions with genuine autonomously moving vehicles. In general, the environment, in which a road vehicle operates, is much more complex than that of a train, mainly caused by unforeseen situations. We describe differences regarding approval for automated metros, road vehicles and so called Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). Legal requirements for homologation of road vehicles according to the convention on road traffic are discussed and the implication for the system and the behavior of the driver. We sketch the current technical possibilities for automated driving and the existing technical solutions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Analysis on the dynamic error for optoelectronic scanning coordinate measurement network	2018	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2018 Copyright SPIE.Large-scale dynamic three-dimension coordinate measurement technique is eagerly demanded in equipment manufacturing. Noted for advantages of high accuracy, scale expandability and multitask parallel measurement, optoelectronic scanning measurement network has got close attention. It is widely used in large components jointing, spacecraft rendezvous and docking simulation, digital shipbuilding and automated guided vehicle navigation. At present, most research about optoelectronic scanning measurement network is focused on static measurement capacity and research about dynamic accuracy is insufficient. Limited by the measurement principle, the dynamic error is non-negligible and restricts the application. The workshop measurement and positioning system is a representative which can realize dynamic measurement function in theory. In this paper we conduct deep research on dynamic error resources and divide them two parts: phase error and synchronization error. Dynamic error model is constructed. Based on the theory above, simulation about dynamic error is carried out. Dynamic error is quantized and the rule of volatility and periodicity has been found. Dynamic error characteristics are shown in detail. The research result lays foundation for further accuracy improvement.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	dynamic error characteristic,dynamic three-dimension coordinate measurement,phase error,synchronization error
Further development of an AGV control system	2018	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.This paper deals with further development of an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) and its navigation method. The AGV can be found at the Logistic Institute at University of Miskolc. It was developed for a High-Tech Laboratory in 2011 by Gamma Digital Ltd. The system can perform delivering, picking and placing of materials. The AGV has a differential-drive with two caster wheels. A Mitsubishi 6-DoF industrial robot is mounted on it. A Wago PLC (Programmable Logic Controller) and a Linux-based PC handle the inputs and outputs. The PLC controls the lamps, switches and buttons. For safety reasons two SICK short range laser detectors were mounted on the front and rear side of the AGV. The navigation is performed by a SICK laser positioning sensor. The servomotors are controlled by Dugong servo drives, the signals for these drives are controlled by the PC. With the help of the PC both of the controllers are programmed to handle the navigation system and the safety sensors. The original software was corrected as regard adjusting voltage and to sophisticate, i.e., to smooth the start-stop system. A navigation method will be also described in the paper, which uses servomotors, laser pointers, microcontrollers, wireless modules and light sensors.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Hungary	1	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Mechatronics,Mobile robot,Navigation,Positioning
Application of fuzzy logic and genetic algorithms in automated works transport organization	2018	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.The paper deals with the problem of works transport organization and control by artificial intelligence with respect to path routing for an automated guided vehicle (AGV). The presented approach is based on non-changeable path during travel along a given loop. The ordered set of stations requesting transport service was determined by fuzzy logic, while the sequence of stations in a loop was optimized by genetic algorithms. A solution for both AGV’s and semi-autonomous transport vehicles wherein the control system informs the driver about optimal route was presented. The obtained solution was verified by a computer simulation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Artificial intelligence,Control,Fuzzy logic,Genetic algorithms,Path optimization,Tandem loop,Works transport
Quantum ant colony optimization algorithm for AGVs path planning based on Bloch coordinates of pheromones	2018	Natural Computing	2018, Springer Nature B.V.In this work, a novel quantum ant colony optimization algorithm for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) path planning based on Bloch coordinates of pheromones is proposed. In consideration of the difficulty in solving the AGVs path planning problem because of NP-hard computational complexity, this approach combines the advantages of quantum theory and ant colony algorithm to obtain feasible, conflict-free, and optimal paths. To expand the search space, the pheromones on paths are coded according to Bloch coordinates. To make full use of the pheromones of three-dimensional Bloch coordinates, they are chosen with certain probabilities in accordance with the paths they obtained. Repulsions among AGVs are supposed to exist to avoid conflicts. A repulsion factor is employed in the state transition rule to increase the space–time distance among AGVs as much as possible. We compare the performance of the proposed algorithm with those of the other three methods in simulation of AGVs path planning at an automated container terminal. Simulation results illustrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ip	Article in Press	China	1	Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) path planning,Bloch coordinates of pheromones,Quantum ant colony optimization,Repulsion factor
Impact Analysis of Travel Time Uncertainty on AGV Catch-Up Conflict and the Associated Dynamic Adjustment	2018	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2018 Jun-jun Li et al.In automated logistics systems, travel time uncertainty can severely affect automated guided vehicle (AGV) conflict and path planning. Insight is required into how travel time uncertainty affects catch-up conflict, the main AGV conflict in one-way road networks. Under normal circumstances, the probability formula for catch-up conflict is deduced based on an analysis of AGV catch-up conflict. The vertex, monotonicity, and symmetry of catch-up conflict probabilities are developed, for symmetrical AGV travel time distribution densities. A dynamic adjustment method based on conflict probability for AGVs is designed. The probability features of catch-up conflicts and the performance of the associated dynamic adjustment are simulated and validated for AGVs at an automated container terminal. The simulation results show that the impact analysis of travel time uncertainty on AGV catch-up conflict is correct, and the dynamic adjustment is effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Forklift Free Operation: Compensating Downtime from Bullwhip Effect and Escalating Operation Safety	2018	SAE Technical Papers	2018 SAE International. All Rights Reserved.The base of this project formed when trying to mitigate the loss due to downtime in logistic operation. This paper provides the insight about the interdependency of various variables that contribute toward the Bullwhip effect in Production Downtime and how the Forklift free operation can help tackle this problem and at the same time incur safe work environment. Findings from the optimization project led to the detection of the root cause of the loss of valuable time in operations related to the movement of material due to forklifts. This waste of precious movements rapidly scaled up as the material flowed through the facility and shipped out as finished goods. The concept of forklift-free operations on the production floor seemed to be a potent solution, but it came with its challenges. After SWOT analysis of the change in operations, the outcome favored the changes. This paper focuses on the findings related to cause of the Downtime Bullwhip effect and the stepwise progression and implementation of the automation by replacing forklift with the tugger and then eventually run fully autonomous automated guided vehicle (AGV's). The significant contribution by the simulation of the entire future state operation after the overhaul and cost-benefit related at each stage of implementation. Considering the increase in forklift-related safety incidences as per the recent data, reducing the interaction of the forklift with the production floor is an excellent way of escalating safety index for an organization. This additional benefit of safety has a significant impact on the scale of the economy when considered the overall budget of the program. This saving is giving enough room to accommodate various Collaborative robots to tackle challenging human-robot interaction work cells.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Proposing a new mathematical model and a meta-heuristic algorithm for scheduling and allocating automated guided vehicle	2018	International Journal of Mathematics in Operational Research	Copyright  2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.One of the substantial things, which has been perceived more than ever by captains of industry in recent years, is the necessity of earning competitive value. As a result, mechanisation and enhancing the level of automation of the process has become one of the most fascinating issues to researchers. In this regard one of the most appealing systems to industries is flexible manufacturing systems which contribute to achievement of higher levels of automation in business environments. Since transportation plays an essential role in flexible production systems, automated guided vehicles (AVGs) have been utilised to carry material in these systems in order to maintain the flexibility, and increase the efficiency of production and distribution throughout the system. In this paper, a mathematical model for scheduling and allocating AVGs in the manufacturing process of a specific project is proposed and in the end, a heuristic algorithm is proposed and used to solve the model problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Modeling and Simulation,Decision Sciences (all)	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Mathematical model,NSGA II,Scheduling and allocation
Delegate MASs for coordination and control of one-directional AGV systems: a proof-of-concept	2018	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2017, Springer-Verlag London Ltd.Decentralized coordination and route planning face the challenges such as scalability, dynamic changes (disturbances) in the environment, continuous planning, and coordination issues (i.e., deadlock and livelock situations). Self-organized delegate multi-agent systems (D-MASs) have proven to be effective decentralized coordination mechanisms for coordination and control (C&C) applications. However, the use of such coordination mechanisms becomes more challenging, compared to the previous studies, in which the coordinated entities are one-directional automated guided vehicles (AGVs), with restricted movement, situated in a highly dynamic production environment. To address these challenges, there were several problematic situations identified dealing with issues such as the originally proposed functionalities of D-MASs, restricted movement, priority parameter settings, and simulated failures of AGVs. Solutions (coordination rules) to these situations were proposed, also described examples were provided and, finally, the approach was verified by simulation in the 3D environment, involving five AGV agents (AGVAs). Simple indicators of such intralogistics system were proposed to outline the system performance. Simulations were performed with as well as without simulated failure states. Simulation results show that the proof-of-concept was reached, and that by the combination of the proposed coordination rules and D-MAS, one-directional AGVAs were able to generate a short-term forecast for the near future and thus anticipate and avoid coordination issues as well as to cope with simulated failures.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Coordination and control,Decentralized systems,Delegated multi-agent systems,Manufacturing planning,Optimization and simulation,Short-term forecasting
Scheduling unmanned aerial vehicle and automated guided vehicle operations in an indoor manufacturing environment using differential evolution-fused particle swarm optimization	2018	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2018.Intelligent manufacturing technologies have been pursued by the industries to establish an autonomous indoor manufacturing environment. It means that tasks, which are comprised in the desired manufacturing activities, shall be performed with exceptional human interventions. This entails the employment of automated resources (i.e. machines) and agents (i.e. robots) on the shop floor. Such an implementation requires a planning system which controls the actions of the agents and their interactions with the resources to accomplish a given set of tasks. A scheduling system which plans the task executions by scheduling the available unmanned aerial vehicles and automated guided vehicles is investigated in this study. The primary objective of the study is to optimize the schedule in a cost-efficient manner. This includes the minimization of makespan and total battery consumption; the priority is given to the schedule with the better makespan. A metaheuristic-based methodology called differential evolution-fused particle swarm optimization is proposed, whose performance is benchmarked with several data sets. Each data set possesses different weights upon characteristics such as geographical scale, number of predecessors, and number of tasks. Differential evolution-fused particle swarm optimization is compared against differential evolution and particle swarm optimization throughout the conducted numerical simulations. It is shown that differential evolution-fused particle swarm optimization is effective to tackle the addressed problem, in terms of objective values and computation time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	13	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,DE and PSO hybrid,Metaheuristic,Scheduling,Unmanned aerial vehicle
Control System Design of Four Wheeled Independent Steering Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV)	2018	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.This paper four wheeled independent steering automatic guided vehicle (4WIS-AGV) is a developed AGV that has four wheeled configuration in which each wheel is steerable. Because of this wheel configuration, 4WIS-AGV can have higher maneuverability and flexibility in narrow working space. However, controlling the four wheeled independent steering AGV is not easy. Therefore, this paper proposes a control system to steer 4WIS-AGV. To do this task, the followings are done. First, the single track vehicle model is used to represent the 4WIS-AGV model. The single track vehicle model is obtained by reducing an ordinary four wheeled vehicle model to a two wheeled vehicle model with the wheels in the centerline of the vehicle. Second, backstepping control method is applied to make the 4WIS-AGV track a given path well. Finally, simulation is carried out to verify the effectiveness of the proposed controller in tracking the given path. The simulation results show that the proposed control system is capable of tracking the reference trajectory successfully.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Backstepping,Control design,Four wheel independent steering
Modeling and Control System Design of Four Wheel Independent Steering Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV)	2018	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.This paper proposes a modeling and a control system design of Four Wheel Independent Steering Automatic Guided Vehicle (4WIS-AGV) based on optimal control method. Because of narrow working space in warehouse, 4WIS-AGV which each wheel of the vehicle is driven by a driving motor and a steering motor is developed due to its high maneuverability and flexibility. The single track vehicle model is used as the model of 4WIS-AGV. The single track vehicle model is obtained by reducing an ordinary four wheel vehicle model to two wheel vehicle model with the wheels in the centerline of the vehicle. The optimal controller is proposed to make the 4WIS-AGV able to follow the desired vehicle sideslip angle and yaw rate. The proposed model and control system are verified by simulation that shows their effectiveness in controlling the 4WIS-AGV.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Four wheel independent steering,Optimal control
A neural network-based algorithm with genetic training for a combined job and energy management for AGVs Auftragsvergabe und energieverwaltung basierend auf mit genetischen algorith-men trainierten neuronalen netzen für fahrerlose transportsysteme	2018	Logistics Journal	2018 Logistics Journal: Proceedings.Automated guided vehicles are designed for internal material transport in production and warehouse environments. To do this, transport orders must be assigned to the vehicles. In addition, the vehicles often have an electric drive. The batteries required for this are discharged during operation. Therefore, it must be decided when the vehicles must go to a charging station. This control option is often ignored and the vehicles are only sent for loading when the battery has (almost) completely discharged. In this work, a procedure that simultaneously solves the assignment of jobs and the decision when a vehicle should drive to a charging station is presented and evaluated. It is based on neural networks trained by genetic algorithms. The evaluation shows that the presented method delivers better results than a method that combines the "First-Come-First-Served" and the "Nearest-Vehicle-First" methods and in which the charging processes are controlled by a fixed battery threshold.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Automated guided vehicles,Energy management,Genetic algorithms,Job assignment,Neural networks
Automated transportation systems subject to interruptions in production and intralogistics - A survey and evaluation	2018	International Journal of Logistics Systems and Management	Copyright 2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.To increase efficiency and productivity of production and intralogistic facilities, automated transportation systems are widely used nowadays. This paper examines effects of interruptions in different transportation systems on the performance of production and intralogistic facilities by evaluating current literature with a focus on simulation-based studies. Our first contribution is a new categorisation of conveyor-based and vehicle-based transportation systems. This categorisation does not follow a technological differentiation but focuses on the abilities of the transportation system categories to deal with transportation system interruptions. Thereafter, current literature in the domains of 'manufacturing systems', 'semiconductor facilities', 'general intralogistics' (e.g., warehouses), and 'container terminals' is surveyed with respect to this categorisation. This survey is our second contribution and aims to identify research directions thus far not sufficiently considered. Finally, having surveyed different domains, the strengths and weaknesses of different transportation system categories are extracted from the literature and summarised. That summary is our final contribution, and is intended as a guideline and support for engineers planning transportation systems. Two main shortcomings in the current literature are identified: Firstly, although recognised as significantly influencing the facility's performance, transportation interruptions are not sufficiently considered. Secondly, relatively few simulation studies compare different categories of transportation systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Management Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Automated transportation systems,Container terminals,Manufacturing systems,Performance analysis,Semiconductor manufacture,Simulation,Warehousing systems
Easy i-move: Structured image recognition solution for automatic guided vehicles	2018	Smart Innovation, Systems and Technologies	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.There are many kinds of image processing application in the industry, to improve better performance of producing, Automatic Guide vehicles (AGV) solution have been driven in service, for instance, the expensive solution such as light detection and ranging (LIDAR), magnetic tape guided and RFID are used. In the industry which not only search for better delivery performance but also search for economic efficiency. Here we present an economic efficiency solution, Easy i-Move for AGVs guiding system to fulfill customers’ necessity. In this study, we focus on color tape image recognition technology based on HSI color model. The implementation of the system architecture and the technology of image recognition in the proposed system are described and validated in this paper.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Decision Sciences (all),Computer Science (all)	Automatic Guided Vehicle,Color model,Image recognition
Decentralized Cooperative Merging using Sliding Mode Control	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018This work presents a novel cooperative merging algorithm for lane reduction scenarios using decentralized control. A smart choice of a suitable formation and sliding mode techniques are used to decrease the inter-vehicle distances safely without communication between the vehicles. Simulation results confirm that the proposed topology selection and longitudinal control are capable of increasing the traffic flow without the need for communication or a centralized supervision.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Austria	2	Control and Systems Engineering	adaptive systems,Automated guided vehicles,cooperative control,decentralized control,variable-structure systems
Simultaneous Dispatching and Scheduling of Multi-Load AGVs in FMS-A Simulation Study	2018	Materials Today: Proceedings	2018 Elsevier Ltd.In this paper, investigations are carried out to evaluate the performance of dynamic job selection dispatching rules for simultaneous dispatching and scheduling of multi-load automated guided vehicles (AGVs) cruising in two different sizes of FMS. Two multi-load AGVs cruise according to machine initiated nearest vehicle (NV) dispatching rule to pick and drop materials in the reported flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Two sizes of FMS facility was considered for performance evaluation of five types of dynamic job selection dispatching rules. The dynamic job selection dispatching rules applied in FMS were evaluated by simulation experiment. Investigations revealed that the job selection dispatching rule having selection criterion based on the destination similarity between jobs outperforms all other dispatching rules. Further, it was also found that AGV speed and AGVs fleet size has a significant role in increase or decrease of throughput of the FMS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	8	Materials Science (all)	Dispatching Rules,FMS,Multi-Load AGVs,Simulation
Comparison of new multi-criteria decision making methods for material handling equipment selection	2018	Management Science Letters	2018 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.Conveyors and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are important mechanical handling equipment used to transport loads from one place to another. Selection of proper material handling equipment is an intricate process. In the present paper two material handling equipment selection problem was solved using various newly developed multi criteria decision making (MCDM) methods. First a conveyor selection problem with six conflicting criteria and four alternatives was solved using four MCDM methods, i.e. combinative distance based assessment (CODAS) method, evaluation based on distance from average solution (EDAS) method, weighted aggregated sum product assessment (WASPAS) method and multi-objective optimization on the basis of ratio analysis (MOORA) method. Second an automated guided vehicles selection problem with six conflicting criteria and eight alternatives was solved using CODAS, EDAS, WASPAS and MOORA methods. Spearman rank correlation coefficient was calculated between the ranks obtained by various methods. The ranks obtained by these methods were even compared with the ranks of other MCDM methods and it was found that the relatively new methods CODAS, EDAS and WASPAS were in good agreement with each other.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	18	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Automated guided vehicle selection,CODAS,Conveyor selection,EDAS,MCDM,MOORA,WASPAS
TOWARDS THE LEVELING OF MULTI-PRODUCT BATCH PRODUCTION FLOWS. A MULTIMODAL NETWORKS PERSPECTIVE.	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018The problem studied in this paper is a cyclic job-shop problem with multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). Job batches, which follow specific production routes, are processed, in the order of their operations, on multiple machines with standard processing times, and the fleet of AGVs perform the transportation operations of moving these job batches between the workstations. In this system, part sets of items are produced at fixed time intervals (takts). In the adopted model of the system, one can distinguish a layer of station-to-station transport, which is a network of local loops connecting subsets of workstations serviced cyclically by dedicated AGVs, and a layer of repetitive production flows which comprise job batches following a given set of production routes. The relationship between the elements of the structure of the system being modelled and its potential behavior is described by a system of integer equations. The resulting solutions enable the fast evaluation of production flow parameters including part sets, takt time, as well as repetitive-flow balancing aimed at maximization of the rate of system resource utilization. The high efficiency of the proposed approach, enabling the online prototyping of the production flow, is a consequence of omitting the time-consuming calculation of the sequencings of jobs within a cycle.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	3	Control and Systems Engineering	cyclic robotic job shop,flow time,repetitive-flow balancing,takt time
State of the art on design and management of material handling systems	2018	Proceedings of the Summer School Francesco Turco	2018 AIDI - Italian Association of Industrial Operations Professors. All Rights Reserved.The recent trends in production management have forced manufacturing and assembly systems to be more flexible and efficiency. In the last years, the attention of managers has been moved to the design and management of the material handling systems. The main reasons are the increasing of products flows intensity and the more complex requirements. As a process, Material Handling incorporates a wide range of manual, semi-automated and automated equipment and systems that support logistics. The internal movement of products and resources has been influenced considerably by the technological developments. In recent decades, researchers have developed various design models to optimize the number of vehicles required and the optimized management of these in terms of routing, scheduling and location. This literature review provides the state of the art of these arguments analyzing the gap present and showing some trends for future.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Business and International Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Waste Management and Disposal	AGVs,Fleet management,Fleet sizing problem,Forklifts
Optimizing step climbing by two connected wheeled inverted pendulum robots	2018	Procedia Manufacturing	2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.In manufacturing plants, automated guided vehicles (AGV) are in wide use. Wheeled inverted pendulum robots have advantages over the common AGV; they have high manoeuvrability on flat surfaces, and they have a self-balancing system such that height and weight of the payload do not have effect on the base size. Despite the aforementioned advantages, wheeled inverted pendulum robots have limited ability to overcome obstacles like staircases. Manufacturing floor requires a robot to have high manoeuvrability while being able to overcome obstacles. We used two wheeled inverted pendulum type robots, each with an extensible connecting arm. If there is an obstacle in its way the robot will call a nearby one, the two autonomously connect and after overcoming the obstacle separate. We investigated the effect of the distance between the two robots and different control algorithms on the required torque to climb stairs of different dimensions. We found the speed control to be most efficient.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Israel	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	cooperation,Mobile robots,optimization,stairs climbing
Using safety contracts to verify design assumptions during runtime	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.A safety case comprises evidence and argument justifying how each item of evidence supports claims about safety assurance. Supporting claims by untrustworthy or inappropriate evidence can lead to a false assurance regarding the safe performance of a system. Having sufficient confidence in safety evidence is essential to avoid any unanticipated surprise during operational phase. Sometimes, however, it is impractical to wait for high quality evidence from a system’s operational life, where developers have no choice but to rely on evidence with some uncertainty (e.g., using a generic failure rate measure from a handbook to support a claim about the reliability of a component). Runtime monitoring can reveal insightful information, which can help to verify whether the preliminary confidence was over- or underestimated. In this paper, we propose a technique which uses runtime monitoring in a novel way to detect the divergence between the failure rates (which were used in the safety analyses) and the observed failure rates in the operational life. The technique utilises safety contracts to provide prescriptive data for what should be monitored, and what parts of the safety argument should be revisited to maintain system safety when a divergence is detected. We demonstrate the technique in the context of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs).	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Confidence,Failure rate,Monitoring,Probability of failure,Runtime,Safety argument,Safety case,Safety contracts,Through-life safety assurance
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and tools considering tool transfer times in multimachine FMS using CSA	2018	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2018.This article addresses simultaneous scheduling of machines and tools considering tool transfer times between machines, to produce best optimal sequences that minimize makespan in a multimachine flexible manufacturing system (FMS). The performance of FMS is expected to improve by effective usage of resources, proper amalgamation and synchronization of their scheduling. Crow search algorithm (CSA) is a potent tool which is a better choice to solve optimization problems like scheduling. The proposed heuristic is tested on various problems with makespan as objective, and the results are compared with results of existing methods. The results show that CSA has outperformed.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Crow search algorithm,Flexible manufacturing systems,Priority dispatching rules,Simultaneous scheduling of tools and machines,Tool transporter
Controlling a single transport robot in a flexible job shop environment by hybrid metaheuristics	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018.In robotic systems, the control of some elements such as transport robot has some difficulties when planning operations dynamically. The Flexible Job Shop scheduling Problem with Transportation times and a Single Robot (FJSPT-SR) is a generalization of the classical Job Shop scheduling Problem (JSP) where a set of jobs additionally have to be transported between machines by a single transport robot. Hence, the FJSPT-SR is more computationally difficult than the JSP presenting two NP-hard problems simultaneously: the flexible job shop scheduling problem and the robot routing problem. This paper proposes a hybrid metaheuristic approach based on clustered holonic multiagent model for the FJSPT-SR. Firstly, a scheduler agent applies a Neighborhood-based Genetic Algorithm (NGA) for a global exploration of the search space. Secondly, a set of cluster agents uses a tabu search technique to guide the research in promising regions. Computational results are presented using benchmark data instances from the literature of FJSPT-SR. New upper bounds are found, showing the effectiveness of the presented approach.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Tunisia	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Genetic algorithm,Holonic multiagent,Robot,Scheduling,Tabu search,Transport
Route estimation by network voronoi diagram in taxi-type AGV control	2018	Proceedings of 2018 ISFA - 2018 International Symposium on Flexible Automation	Copyright  2018 by ISCIEIn flexible manufacturing systems, the importance of automated guided vehicles is increasing because they can respond flexibly to changes in facilities and factory layouts. We propose an autonomous conveyance system for automated guided vehicles based on the operation of a taxi transportation system to solve indefinite and accidental problems. The system focuses on applying traffic engineering knowledge regarding a flexible taxi transportation system. A taxi is a transport unit in a traffic system involving high flexibility in traveling routes and at arrival/departure points. In this report, we suggest quantifying a driving course shape using a network Voronoi diagram. As a result, by using the weighted network Voronoi diagram and the coefficient of variation CV, a correlation is obtained between the variation coefficient CV and the average matching time Ta, and an appropriate path can be arranged to determine the course shape.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Modelling of Rail Guided Vehicles serving an automated parts-to-picker system	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018An automated parts-to-picker picking system usually consists of an automated warehouse, with Automatic Storage and Retrieval Systems (AS/RS) that retrieve the Stock Keeping Units (SKUs) of the various needed products from their stocking locations, and of a picking area, with human operators or robots that pick the needed items in order to create a mixed shipping unit. The automated warehouse and the picking area are connected by an automated transportation system, which moves the SKUs from the warehouse to the picking stations and vice versa. The transportation system can be, for example, a ring rail conveyor on which various Rail Guided Vehicles (RGVs) are able to carry one SKU at a time. The present paper proposes a preliminary simulative analysis and, then, a mathematical formulation for this transportation system, useful to properly estimate the number of RGVs that are required to fulfill a certain picking throughput. In fact, it is shown that the picking throughput does not increase linearly with the number of vehicles employed, due to congestion issues.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	4	Control and Systems Engineering	parts-to-picker,picking throughput,rail guided vehicles,warehouse picking
Simultaneous scheduling of jobs, machines and tools considering tool transfer times in multi-machine FMS using new nature-inspired algorithms	2018	International Journal of Intelligent Systems Technologies and Applications	2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper addresses simultaneous scheduling of jobs, machines and tools considering tool transfer times (TTTs) between machines, to generate best optimal sequences that minimise makespan in a multi-machine flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Performance of FMS is expected to improve by effective utilisation of its resources, by proper integration and synchronisation of their scheduling. Aim of this paper is to address joint scheduling of jobs, machine and tools in an FMS consisting of machines, central tool magazine and tool transporter considering TTTs. Three nature-inspired algorithms namely Symbiotic Organisms Search algorithm, Crow search algorithm and Flower pollination algorithm, are proposed for solving joint jobs, machine and tool scheduling problems considering TTTs between machines with minimum makespan as objective. The proposed algorithms are numerically tested on various problems and results are compared. The results show that FPA algorithm yields better results for simultaneous scheduling of jobs, machines and tools considering TTTs between machines.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Computer Science (all)	Crow search algorithm,Flexible manufacturing systems,Flower pollination algorithm,Simultaneous scheduling of jobs,Symbiotic organisms search algorithm,Tool transporter,Tools and machines
Toward semantic loop closure in simultaneous localization and mapping systems	2018	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2018 SPIE.Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is a problem in robotics aiming to model the environment and estimate the pose of a device within it at the same time. Developed solution is the core technology for emerging applications such as self-driving cars, automated guided vehicles (AGV), and domestic robots. Inevitably, the performance of SLAM algorithms relies highly on input signals from optical equipment ranging from cameras, laser rangefinders, and LIDAR. Loop closure, the function detecting visited locations to correct accumulated errors, is a crucial element in a SLAM system. Conventionally, geometric features are used to interpret the scenes for similarity estimation. In scenarios with nearly identical scenes existing, the feature-based approaches remain ineffective. Semantic objects and the comparison of multi-frame, therefore, can be integrated into the process and present a new level of environmental information. In this article, we first provide an overview of the SLAM system. Then the semantic object-assisted and the time and spatial sequence comparison approach are proposed to improve the similarity measurement in the SLAM process. By integrating recognized objects like landmarks and signs, we can classify similar scenes better and significantly improve building-scale indoor mapping results. The performance of systems adopting various optical technologies is also compared in this work.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	bag-of-words approach,place recognition,semantic based localization and mapping,SLAM
Multi-agv path planning for indoor factory by using prioritized planning and improved ant algorithm	2018	Journal of Engineering and Technological Sciences	2018 Published by ITB Journal Publisher.Multiple automated guided vehicle (multi-AGV) path planning in manufacturing workshops has always been technically difficult for industrial applications. This paper presents a multi-AGV path planning method based on prioritized planning and improved ant colony algorithms. Firstly, in dealing with the problem of path coordination between AGVs, an improved priority algorithm is introduced, where priority is assigned based on the remaining battery charge of the AGVs, which improves the power usage efficiency of the AGVs. Secondly, an improved ant colony algorithm (IAC) is proposed to calculate the optimal path for the AGVs. In the algorithm, a random amount of pheromone is distributed in the map and the amount of pheromone is updated according to a fitness value. As a result, the computational efficiency of the ant colony algorithm is improved. Moreover, a mutation operation is introduced to mutate the amount of pheromone in randomly selected locations of the map, by which the problem of local optimum is well overcome. Simulation results and a comparative analysis showed the validity of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Engineering (all)	Ant algorithm,Collision avoidance,Decentralized algorithm,Path planning
Smartness Versus Embeddability: A Tradeoff for the Deployment of Smart AGVs in Industry	2018	Studies in Computational Intelligence	2018, Springer International Publishing AG.In order to deploy AGVs in industry, it is mandatory to consider the tradeoff between smartness and embeddability. This paper aims at making the manufacturing research community more sensitive about this tradeoff and its consequences. Nowadays, AGVs are widely chosen by manufacturers to implement flexible material-handling systems which are necessary to cover the industrial requirements. However, many issues, presented in this paper, must be tackled to deploy these AGVs. A tradeoff-oriented procedure is proposed by considering these issues in flexible manufacturing system applications. Then, an approach is proposed to illustrate this procedure by providing simulation and experimental results. This approach is also used to roughly describe the smartness/embeddability tradeoff.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicles,Embeddability,Flexible manufacturing systems,Smartness
Survey on design and development of hexapod walking robot, automated guided vehicle and drone	2018	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.This paper presents scope of work performed by Students in R&D Group “Mechatron”, where student can develop own ideas under supervision of experienced tutors. The work carried out mostly on autonomous machines and issues related with their control. In recent years, few interesting designs have been developed by Students, three chosen are presented in this paper. In the first section, two designs were presented and it means automated guided vehicle and drone. Presented line follower and its designer participate successfully in nationwide competitions. This vehicle is a result of three years of learning and gaining experience, which allowed for fabrication such complex design. Next described project is a drone, where students prepared 3D printed reinforced lightweight frame. The purpose of this drone is to carriage, e.g., first aid or rescue equipment like ropes. The following and the biggest part of the paper is focused on walking robot. Authors analyzed different kinematics for movement generation and finally, it was decided to perform legs like a cockroach. Based on a kinematic chain, inverse kinematic approach and oscillators Authors successfully evaluated control algorithm which was used for walking generation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	1	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Design,Hexapod walking robot,Line follower,Modeling,UAV,UGV
Modelling and scheduling of flexible manufacturing system	2018	International Journal of Engineering and Advanced Technology	2018, Blue Eyes Intelligence Engineering and Sciences Publication. All rights reserved.Production scheduling of an FMS is formulated as a multi-level integer program. The structure proposed includes machine loading, part input sequence and operation scheduling. Flexible manufacturing system is the better option to meet the effective utilization of resources, for which scheduling is the only solution. A simple numerical problem approach is proposed, and some computational results of simulation are analyzed and an attempt is made in arriving general conclusions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Environmental Engineering,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	The structure proposed includes machine loading
Situation-based estimation of part transfer times for hierarchical scheduling and dispatching	2018	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	2018, Curran Associates Inc. All rights reserved.This paper focuses on a production scheduling problem in a multi-stage job shop environment where customer orders continuously arrive over time. Before the start of each operation, the transfer or parts (and/or raw materials) is required from the preceding operation and this is done using the autonomous intelligent vehicle (AIV) via dispatching. This incurs deadheading and loaded time, which adds up to be the part transfer time and contributes to production lead time. In addition, the AIV can decide and plan its own path towards its target, meaning that the path is not guided and creating uncertainty in part transfer time. Given at any one point of time, there may be parallel operations being scheduled, i.e. more than one operation processing at the same time. Depending on the number of AIVs available, the amount of part transfer time incurred at the start of each operation varies. An algorithm to estimate part transfer times is developed and presented in this paper. Results of experiments using an industry case study with varying number of concurrent operations and AIVs shows that the planned production schedule with part transfer times performs better than that without taking into account varying number of concurrent operations and AIVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	AIV,Concurrent,Deadheading,Loaded,Production Schedule
Virtual Prototyping Technologies Enabling Resource-Efficient and Human-Centered Product Development	2018	Procedia Manufacturing	2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.In modern production environments employees work progressively closer together with autonomous robots and vehicles. Besides the technical specifications, the development of these products focuses on the human-machine interaction. Within the federally funded Project FOLLOWme an automated guided vehicle (AGV) for intralogistics that follows and interacts with the user is developed using virtual reality based prototypes. The benefits in comparison to using only physical prototypes are on the one hand specific user feedback regarding ergonomics and trust. On the other hand the validation of navigation and collision avoidance algorithms and optimization of technical parameters is achieved considering complex environmental conditions. This paper focuses on the latter in detail and deals with the optimization of a fuzzy logic controller using the game engine Unity3D to create the required virtual setup. This approach saves valuable time at early project stages and allows the optimization of a larger number of parameters compared to just physical tests. Furthermore it reduces resources like occupied physical infrastructure and improves the comprehension by using virtual reality.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicle,Fuzzy Logic Controller,Human Factors,Obstacle Avoidance,Resource Efficiency,Unity3D,Virtual Prototype
Design of a counterbalance forklift based on a predictive anti-tip-over controller	2018	Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering	2018 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.This paper presents the modelling and simulation of an anti-tip-over control designed for a counterbalance forklift, a highly unstable vehicle in relation with roll and pith angles. The studied forklift is an automated guided vehicle and it does not depend on the human factor, being possible to enhance safety by improving stability. Therefore, the main purpose of this work is to design a control system that improves forklifts' stability and, at the same time, reduces the transportation times with the subsequent operating cost savings. Firstly, an analytical study is developed, focused on the pitch movement, in order to analyze the stability conditions of the vehicle. Based on this analysis, an anti-tip-over control is designed. This control is based on Model Predictive Control, a robust control technique that is being successfully used in the design of autonomous vehicles. Therefore, the main contribution of this paper is to show the feasibility of the MPC control in this type of vehicles. Several simulations have been done in order to analyze the feasibility of concluding that with the proposed control, it is possible to guaranty the forklift stability without the risk of tip-over, obtaining also better operational results with faster maneuvers than when no control is used.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	2	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Counterbalance forklift,model predictive control,pitch controller,scaled prototyping,stability controller
A smart universal solution for optimizing part delivering routing	2018	FISITA World Automotive Congress 2018	2018 FISITA. All rights reserved.SPS system caters to delivering Right Part to Right Place at Right time in other words it is a tool for JIT concept. This paper evaluates conventional kitting system and proposes a novel universal kitting system. In conventional kitting process discrete kitting cells specific to assembly lines are utilized. In order to achieve benefits in terms of lean process and reduced initial investment, this novel Universal SPS system is proposed. After evaluating the conventional SPS process, towing equipment route observed had long empty return. This long route was considered as a waste in material handling process. By keeping this objective at focus, shorter and efficient supply routes were considered for Universal Kitting solution. Comparing developed universal kitting methodology to traditional approach, reduction of route length by approximately 40% was observed. With the reduced length, optimization of time in terms of material movement, process operation and cycle completion were observed. The shortened kitting trolley route resulted in minimized use of mobile equipment and reduced the PIV (Pedestrian Interface with Vehicle) exposure safety hazard. Minimizing PIV exposure hazard was an additional benefit achieved through this approach. This paper explores the shop floor layout pre requisites, constraints, limitations and economic factors of deploying the Universal SPS system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated Guided Cart (AGC),Layout optimization,Lean manufacturing,Set Part Supply (SPS),Supply chain
Pose Estimation of Mobile Robots with Quantized Measurements using EFIR Filtering: Experimental comparison with the EKF	2018	50th International Symposium on Robotics, ISR 2018	VDE VERLAG GMBH · Berlin · OffenbachThe unbiased finite impulse response (UFIR) filter is a universal estimator for linear systems. The extended UFIR (EFIR) is the counterpart of the UFIR for nonlinear systems and operates similarly to the well known extended Kalman filter (EKF). Pose estimation of mobile robots with quantized position measurements is an application, where the EKF leads to suboptimal accuracy. In this paper a pose estimator for quantized measurements based on the EFIR algorithm is developed. Experimental results conducted with a mobile robot on an array of floor installed RFID tags show that the proposed algorithm outperforms the quantized EKF in many cases.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Implementation of heuristic algorithms to synchronized planning of machines and AGVs in FMS	2018	Management Science Letters	2018 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) is a compound system containing essentials like workplaces, computerized storing and recovery systems, and material control devices such as automatons and automated guided vehicles (AGVs). In this paper, an attempt is made to study concurrently the machine and vehicle planning features in an FMS for minimization of the makespan. Planning is concerned with the distribution of partial resources to tasks over time and it is a resolution making procedure. It associates the processes, time, cost and overall purposes of the company. In this work, Nawaz-Enscore-Ham (NEH) heuristic algorithm is implemented to solve the scheduling problems in FMS. Eighty two problems and their existing solutions with different approaches are examined. The preliminary results indicate that the NEH heuristic algorithm provides better solutions with less computational time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AGVs,Flexible manufacturing system,Heuristic algorithms,Makespan
Landmark-Based Visual Positioning System for Automatic Guided Vehicle	2018	CICTP 2018: Intelligence, Connectivity, and Mobility - Proceedings of the 18th COTA International Conference of Transportation Professionals	2018 American Society of Civil Engineers.With the advent of the internet of things, intelligent robots and automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) have developed rapidly. This paper proposes a landmark-based visual positioning system for an AGV used for transporting goods in large warehouses. The AGV runs along a route that consists of artificial landmarks, with a camera capturing images of the ground. Every time the AGV passes through a landmark, the position and orientation deviations between the AGV and the landmark can be calculated based on the local features, including edges and corners. To maintain accuracy, we improve the edge extraction method based on Prewitt operator. We do not estimate the edges by just roughly setting a gradient threshold, but focus on the gradient direction of each pixel. The accuracy of position deviation is 3 mm with an orientation deviation is 1°.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Transportation	None
Implementing Fuzzy Logic Controller and PID Controller to a DC Encoder Motor - "a case of an Automated Guided Vehicle"	2018	Procedia Manufacturing	2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.It becomes essential to run AGV at a constant speed or RPM in the plant to reduce downtime and lead time. Fuzzy logic controller and PID controller are applied to achieve constant RPM in AGV. AGV contains DC brushed motor with encoder, motor driver, microcontroller and battery. Encoder gives feedback to microcontroller in the form of shaft position. Microcontroller reduces error in the system based on the parameters defined by the algorithms. The first phase of the paper gives brief information about the hardware, software and the algorithms. In the second phase of the paper, methodology for implementing the algorithm to the system is shown. In the final phase of the paper, results and discussions are mentioned based on the applied algorithms. Comparison between PID controller and fuzzy PID controller is also shown. Ziegler-Nichols Algorithms is used to find PID parameters. MATLAB simulink and fuzzy logic tool box are used for simulation. Arduino Microcontroller is used to accept the feedback given by the encoder and to control the speed of motor. In a nut shell, these control strategies help AGV to run at a constant RPM with reduced settling time, steady state error and overshooting.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	India	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,Arduino controller,down time,Encoder,Fuzzy logic controlle,MATLAB Simulink,overshooting,PID controller,settling time
Transport trolley control in a manufacturing system using simulation with the FSAW, FWASPAS and FTOPSIS methods	2018	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.The paper is a case study of the application of fuzzy MCDM methods to transport trolley control in a manufacturing system. For this purpose, three methods (FSAW, FWASPAS and FTOPSIS) are applied and compared with their non-fuzzy versions using discrete simulation in Matlab Simulink with SimEvents. The aim of the control is the suboptimal selection of the transport trolley’s destination (the appropriate production line), which depends on time efficiency and equal workload of machines. The application of MCDM methods is compatible with flexible automation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	FMCDM method,FSAW method,FTOPSIS method,FWASPAS method,Manufacturing system,Production line
An algorithm based on the bacterial swarm and its application in autonomous navigation problems	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018.Path planning is a very important problem in robotics, especially in the development of Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs). These problems are usually formulated as search problems, so many search algorithms with a high level of intelligence are evaluated to solve them. We propose a navigation algorithm based on bacterial swarming from a simplified model of bacterium that promises simple designs both at the system level and at the agent level. The most important feature of the algorithm is the inclusion of bacterial Quorum Sensing (QS), which reduces the convergence time, which is the major disadvantage of the scheme. The results in both simulation and real prototypes show not only stability but higher performance in convergence speed, showing that the strategy is feasible and valid for decentralized autonomous navigation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Colombia	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Artificial bacterium,Autonomous,Path planning,Quorum Sensing
Smart automated guided vehicles for manufacturing in the context of Industry 4.0	2018	Procedia Manufacturing	2018 The Author(s).Industry 4.0 is the next step for the manufacturing industry by adding internet technologies to optimized automation system. This paper demonstrates automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a real factory scenario which utilized radio frequency identification (RFID) tags for identification and motion control purposes. The AGVs were tested in a real factory scenario, focusing mainly on two types of AGVs, Karl and Jimmy. They were equipped with RFID readers to detect tags placed on the ground or inside objects. The internal logistics of a smart factory's manufacturing environment were demonstrated using the two types of AGVs. It highlighted three aspects which are seldom talked about in order to effectively implement a smart AGV system: reconfigurability, flexibility, and customizability.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	15	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,Industry 4.0,RFID,Smart Factory
A flexible cell scheduling problem with automated guided vehicles and robots under energy-conscious policy	2018	Scientia Iranica	2018 Sharif University of Technology. All rights reserved.A flexible Cell Scheduling Problem (CSP) under Time-Of-Use (TOU) electricity tariffs is developed in this study. To apply a kind of energy-conscious policy, overconsumption cost of on-peak period electricity, limitations on total energy consumption by all facilities, setup time available on each cell, part defect (pert) percentage, and the total number of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) were considered. Additionally, an Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm was employed to find a near-optimum solution to the proposed Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) model with the objective of minimizing the total cost of CSP model. Since no benchmark is available in the literature, a lower bound was implemented as well to validate the result achieved. Moreover, to improve the quality of the results obtained by meta-heuristic algorithms, two hybrid algorithms (HGA and HACO) were proposed to solve the model. For parameter tuning of algorithms, Taguchi experimental design method was applied. Then, numerical examples were presented to prove the application of the proposed methodology. Our results were compared with the lower bound, confirming consequently that HACO is capable of finding better and near-optimum solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Engineering (all)	Ant Colony Optimization (ACO),Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV),Cell-scheduling,Energy-conscious policy,Genetic Algorithm (GA),Robots,Taguchi experimental design method
An approach to modeling and simulation of a complex conveyor system using delmia quest—a case study	2018	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.In this paper an appropriate method for modeling and simulation of a, complex conveyor system based on Delmia Quest is presented. The described model is similar to a real system in which work-pieces are transported on pallets. The transportation subsystem consists of linked conveyors. In this system, pallets are moved between many conveyors. The presented method of modeling prevents collisions between pallets and can be used to perform simulation experiment. Using this solution, the efficiency of the transportation subsystem based on simulation experiment was examined.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	2	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Complex conveyor system,Delmia quest,Modeling,Simulation
Contactless Power Transfer System for AGVs	2018	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	2017 IEEE.This paper presents a contactless power transfer system for automatic-guided vehicles (AGVs). The system can replace batteries and, therefore, can improve the operation ratio and load capacity of an AGV. The contactless power transformer in this system was designed to enhance the mutual inductance between the primary and secondary. The secondary involving a diode rectifier was modeled to an equivalent circuit, which takes voltage drops across the diodes into account. Based on the model, an optimal primary current control technique maximizing the transfer efficiency was derived. Contactless power transfer tests to the AGV using a prototype of the contactless power transformer were conducted. It is confirmed that the power transfer over 100 W with transfer efficiencies of 80% can be achieved. Furthermore, it is confirmed that the proposed control technique can improve the system efficiency during AGV drive operation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic-guided vehicle (AGV),contactless power transfer system,power transfer efficiency
Flexible Wi-Fi Communication among Mobile Robots in Indoor Industrial Environments	2018	Mobile Information Systems	2018 Jetmir Haxhibeqiri et al.In order to speed up industrial processes and to improve logistics, mobile robots are getting important in industry. In this paper, we propose a flexible and configurable architecture for the mobile node that is able to operate in different network topology scenarios. The proposed solution is able to operate in presence of network infrastructure, in ad hoc mode only, or to use both possibilities. In case of mixed architecture, mesh capabilities will enable coverage problem detection and overcoming. The solution is based on real requirements from an automated guided vehicle producer. First, we evaluate the overhead introduced by our solution. Since the mobile robot communication relies in broadcast traffic, the broadcast scalability in mesh network is evaluated too. Finally, through experiments on a wireless testbed for a variety of scenarios, we analyze the impact of roaming, mobility and traffic separation, and demonstrate the advantage of our approach in handling coverage problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	4	Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Research and application of LIN bus converter	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.In order to improve the performance of vehicle communication system and reduce the cost of testing, a LIN bus converter has been designed. This paper discusses the design and implementation of interface converter based on LIN bus and USB bus.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	BCM,LIN bus,USB bus
Ultra-wideband time of flight based localization system and odometry fusion for a scanning 3 DoF magnetic field autonomous robot	2018	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.Solving the robot localization problem is one of the most necessary requirements for autonomous robots. Several methodologies can be used to determine its location as accurately as possible. What makes this difficult is the existence of uncertainty in the sensing of the robot. The uncertain information needs to be combined in an optimal way. This paper stresses a Kalman filter to combine information from the odometry and Ultra Wide Band Time of Flight distance modules, which lacks the orientation. The proposed system validated in a real developed platform performs the fusion task which outputs position and orientation of the robot. It is used to localize the robot and make a 3 DoF scanning of magnetic field in a room. Other examples can be pointed out with the same localization techniques in service and industrial autonomous robots.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Portugal	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous mobile robot,Localization,Ultra wideband time of flight
An Indoor Positioning System Based on Wireless Range and Angle Measurements Assisted by Multi-Modal Sensor Fusion for Service Robot Applications	2018	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The current trend for automation is expected to a strongly growth in the area of service robotics. One of the main challenges for reliable operation of such systems is the measurement of the mobile robot pose in a given coordinate system. We present an alternative approach to indoor localization of mobile robots based on the sensor fusion of secondary radar data with an ultrasonic sensor and odometry. The main advantage of the proposed system is that it requires only minimum infrastructure and provides an absolute localization reference to increase the accuracy and reliability. Measurement campaigns in a university building, a hospital, and an office building demonstrate a very good localization performance and prove the advantage of this approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	7	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Secondary radar,sensor fusion,service robots,wireless local positioning
Dynamic weight configuration of dispatching rule using machine learning	2018	IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology	2018, IFIP International Federation for Information Processing.The manufacturing execution systems (MES) is one of the key elements consisting smart factory. It is responsible for shop floor control by performing managing resources, dispatching production orders, executing production orders, collecting production data, analyzing production performances, and so on. Through these functionalities, the MES aims high productivity. The dispatching in the MES helps these aims. The selection of job in manufacturing execution systems (MES) is performed by dispatching rule. The dispatching rule is composed of several factors affecting scheduling objective and constraint. In most cases, the dispatching rule is expressed as the weighted sum of factors and the weight moderates the relative importance among factors. To find optimal weight configuration requires heavy calculation burden so that it cannot adapt dynamic order changes. To solve this problem, one of machine learning algorithms is used in this study. The multi-layer perceptron learns the best weight configuration according to orders and predict the best weight configuration for new orders. The proposed method is tested by field data and proved its usefulness.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management	Dispatching rule,Multi-layer perceptron,Weight configuration
A novel design of an augmented reality based navigation system & its industrial applications	2018	Acta IMEKO	2018 IMEKO.This paper proposes a design of an augmented reality based navigation system, as well as investigate its potential areas of application within the industry. With the ascent of Industry 4.0 (IoT), systems such as Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality benefit from the availability of bulk sensory data.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	1	Instrumentation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Augmented reality,Automated guided vehicle,KUKA robotics,Virtual reality
Development of path planning approach based on improved A-star algorithm in AGV system	2018	Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering, LNICST	ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering 2018.Automate guide vehicle (AGV) has been widely applied in industry. Therefore, it is important to design a highly efficient AGV. The path planning is known as one of the key factor for AGV operation. Although typical A-star algorithm with a heuristic mechanism can be used in the shortest path searching, it may suffer from broken lines and redundant nodes. In this paper, an improved A-star algorithm is presented. Based on the initial path planned by A-star algorithm, traversing all the nodes on an initial path and deleting unnecessary nodes and connections, the proposed model can remove the superfluous inflection points and redundant nodes effectively so that no obstacles exist during AGV moving. The performance results reveal that the proposed method can provide more efficient path planning with a shorter route and less turn times.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications	A-star algorithm,Automate guide vehicle (AGV),Floyd algorithm,Path planning
Scheduling and control of parts in FMS industry	2018	International Journal of Engineering and Technology(UAE)	2018 Authors.This paper introduces scheduling of parts in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) environment by means of discrete-event simulation method. Modeling of FMS layout with 3 distinct part type, route and interval for each part is developed using Arena simulation. The ranking criterion is considered only for First-in-first-out (FIFO). Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV) is used as a Material Handling System (MTH). In this paper a case study has been presented for effective utilization of machines and AGV in given FMS. Based on processing time for variety of parts according to their route priority the jobs are scheduled. The scheduling of the considered layout are evaluated and compared to 6 output measures which are avg. work in process (WIP), avg. queue time, avg. number of parts waiting, resource seized, machine instantaneous utilization and scheduled utilization for different replication length. The simulation outcomes are discussed in detail and conclusion has been drawn for various mentioned output measures.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Biotechnology,Computer Science (miscellaneous),Environmental Engineering,Chemical Engineering (all),Engineering (all),Hardware and Architecture	Discrete-event simulation,FIFO,Flexible Manufacturing system (FMS),Material handling system (MTH),Scheduling
Simulation and scheduling of AGV based robotic assembly systems	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018The paper presents a general discrete event simulation model developed in Siemens Plant Simulation software that controls AGVs in robotic assembly systems. All product assembly operations are inputs as graphs (trees). A methodology has been created that schedules the assembly operations on each workstation and schedules AGVs so that the overall manufacturing time is to be as short as possible. The system can control AGVs in real-time, handle arbitrary number and type of products and is prepared for stochastic events.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	4	Control and Systems Engineering	AGVs,assembly,discrete event simulation,heuristic algorithm,robots,scheduling
Fuzzy heuristic algorithm for simultaneous scheduling problems in flexible manufacturing system	2018	Management Science Letters	2018 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.This paper addresses the flexible manufacturing system (FMS) problems considering both machines and automated guided vehicles (AGVs), simultaneously. A new fuzzy heuristic (FH) is proposed for solving the simultaneous scheduling problem, in order to minimize the makespan by considering the available resources. For increasing the performance of FMS one of the important factors is scheduling AGV with an integral part of the machine scheduling activity. The algorithm is tested based on 82 benchmark problems and the achieved makespan are compared with other algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing system and makespan,Fuzzy heuristic,Scheduling
An extended Kalman filter based object tracking algorithm for autonomous guided truck using 1-layer laser scanner	2018	ASME-JSME 2018 Joint International Conference on Information Storage and Processing Systems and Micromechatronics for Information and Precision Equipment, ISPS-MIPE 2018	Copyright  2018 ASME.This paper describes an extended Kalman filter based object tracking algorithm for autonomous guided truck using 1-layer laser scanner. The 1-layer laser scanner has been used to obtain 2D cloud point data to detect the preceding object for tracking control. The object tracking algorithm proposed in this study consists of perception, decision, and control stages. In the perception stage, object’s information such as relative coordinate and yaw angle has been derived based on coordinate transformation, clustering, and state estimation algorithm using the obtained point data from laser scanner. In order to estimate object’s states such as coordinate and velocity, the extended Kalman filter has been used in this study. Based on the estimated states of the object, the desired path has been derived for calculation of steering angle. The simplified mathematical model of the truck has been derived to design optimal controller. The optimal controller designed in this study is based on the linear quadratic regulator for computing the optimal angle of steering module used for tracking. In order for reasonable performance evaluation, actual data from laser scanner and the derived mathematical model of truck have been used. The developed tracking algorithm and performance evaluation have been designed and conducted on Matlab/Simulink environment. Results of the performance evaluation show that the developed object tracking algorithm has been able to track the preceding object using 1-layer laser scanner.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture	None
GTA-based framework for evaluating the effectiveness of material handling equipment's in FMS environment	2018	International Journal of Operational Research	Copyright  2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.In this paper, a methodology to evaluate the effectiveness of material handling equipments variables using graph theoretic approach (GTA) is presented. Variables affecting the effectiveness of material handling equipments and their interactions are analysed by developing a mathematical model using GTA. Permanent function performance index is obtained from the matrix model developed from the digraph. This permanent function value ranks the equipment variables which help in selection of optimum process parameters during flexible and automated material handling system adoption.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Management Science and Operations Research	Digraph,Effectiveness,Equipment,Graph theoretic approach,GTA,Material handling,Variables
Provider recommendation in heterogeneous transportation fleets	2018	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.Nowadays, transportation is a critical sector of our lives, not only for the movement of people, but also to be capable to move goods around the world. Although providing such services can be seen as a very tiny problem in our society, behind it, there is a complex sector that requires sophisticated models and specific software to analyse a vast amount of information coming from different sources in order to provide a sustainable and efficient service. Given such a complex field, various issues have come up like the search of optimised routes, efficient assignment of vehicles, reduction of gas emissions, cost optimization problems, etc. In most cases, the provided approaches are focused on addressing the optimization problem considering fleets with identical features. In this work, we present HVSRec, a heterogeneous fleet semantic recommender system that integrates mechanisms to manage vehicles of different nature and characteristics efficiently. The platform is aimed to connect customers that request a transportation of a certain good with drivers that are offering transportation services with their own vehicle.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	1	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Fleet management systems,Heterogeneous fleets,Semantic recommendation systems
Autonomous ice protection combining ultrasonic guided waves and electrothermal systems	2018	NDT 2018 - 57th Annual Conference of the British Institute of Non-Destructive Testing	2018 NDT 2018 - 57th Annual Conference of the British Institute of Non-Destructive Testing. All rights reserved.Ice accretion on wind turbine blades can have implications both on the energy produced as well as the lifetime of the asset. The build-up of ice on the surface of wind turbine blades contributes to the wear and tear of the components leading to increased operation and maintenance (O&M) costs and decreased turbine lifetime. This paper reports progress in development of a hybrid ice-protection system that integrates ultrasonic anti-icing and electrothermal de-icing capabilities to optimise performance across a wide range of environmental conditions. Firstly, we have modelled propagation of ultrasonic waves in different composites that are used to construct wind turbine blades. The three main observations are: (i) ultrasonic waves propagate along the fibre direction, (ii) generated sound field is strongly influenced by the transducer position and (iii) different frequencies can be used to cover the complete composite area (20-70 kHz). Secondly, we have coupled an ultrasonic transducer to a number of composite panels and then have scanned them using a Laser Scanning Vibrometre. The experiments support the modelling and it is clear that we can achieve uniform distribution of waves on the surface of the composites. The results are encouraging for proceeding with the development of the hybrid system to achieve maximum protection at minimum energy cost, improve energy generation efficiency (up to 50%) and significantly further reduce the cost of energy from offshore wind.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Preliminary Study of LIDAR Scanner-Based Collision Avoidance and Automated Guided Systems for Autonomous Power Equipment Products	2018	SAE Technical Papers	2018 SAE International. All Rights Reserved.Technology is continuously being developed to prevent self-driving vehicles from crashing. That technology could also be considered for other autonomous products. Collision avoidance in automated, guided systems using a light detection and ranging (LIDAR) scanner has been studied for application in low-speed autonomous Honda Power Equipment products, such as self-driving lawn mowers. The automotive application of a LIDAR scanner for autonomous driving is used for obstacle detection and offline local area. Such delineations do not exist in areas where power equipment is used, such as grass fields; therefore, identifying object height and distance, is a relatively new area. For this study, a small LIDAR scanner with a resolution of 0.01 m and a measurement range of 0.05 m to 40.00 m was used on a Honda self-driving lawn mower. The measurement distance data was directly processed in the scanner, enabling the drive unit to obtain distance information during actual operation. Based on real-time data, collision avoidance and automated operation guidance could be achieved. Simplified object detection and an automated guided decision-making system were developed. System parameters were considered to optimize collision avoidance and the structure of the automated guided system. Field testing was performed at a dedicated test field facility, and the test condition was determined. Fences, tall grass, and ground-levels were successfully classified during testing operation. Collision avoidance, running, and stop modes were identified by on-board LIDAR scan data. Based on the field test analysis, a developed autonomous system structure is suitable for lawn, snow, and future power equipment applications.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
An assisted forklift pallet detection with adaptive structure feature algorithm for automated storage and retrieval systems	2018	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2018.This paper is about automatically guided vehicle (AGV) system in the automated-storage-and-retrieval-system (ASRS). In ASRS, it usually uses AGV system to transport materials, because it not only efficient but can cost down logistic cost. However, the major problem of the application about AGV is how to find the position of the pallets due to the difficulties to locating the pallet position on a complicated factory environment. In this work, Haar like-based Adaboost scheme with adaptive structure feature of pallets algorithm to detect pallets is presented, and by combining direction weighted overlapping (DWO) ratio, it can avoid those non-optimal candidates in object tracking. The experimental result shows this method can remove most of the non-stationary background and can increase the average pallet detection rate by 95%.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaboost,Automated storage and retrieval systems,Forklift,Industry 4.0,Pallet detection
The performance analysis of material handling systems for a layout with different speeds	2018	International Journal of Mechanical and Production Engineering Research and Development	TJPRC Pvt. Ltd.Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) are a group of machines most preferably CNC which is coordinated by a common control centre which has the ability to deal with the variety of products. It is a manufacturing system which possesses the flexibility of adopting its machines and factory environments according to the product to be produced. In this paper performance of AGV, CART for U Layout with different speeds were studied and suggested different material handling devices for different processes for different layouts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	6	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automated guided vehicle,CART’s,Flexible manufacturing system
Research of dynamic path planning of feeding-pushing robot based on A Star algorithm	2018	ASABE 2018 Annual International Meeting	2018 American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers. All rights reserved.With the modernization of agriculture, the automation equipment has been widely used in agriculture and animal husbandry. As an independent robot system, feeding-push robot can be flexibly applied to various dairy farms, pushing forage for cows all day, which can reduce labor and costs and improve feeding efficiency and milk production. During the feed pushing process, if there are a large amount of forage, it would affect the stability of the robot motion and push effect. To deal with these kinds of problems, the path planning method based on A*(A Star) algorithm for dynamic pushing was proposed. Firstly, a dairy farm grid-map was constructed. Secondly, the map was divided into different regions and the terrain cost factor was evaluated based on the characteristics of the region. The robot indirectly estimated the forage amount in the pushing process by collecting the current of the rotary motor. Then, the robot updated the terrain cost factor of corresponding regions and used A * search algorithm to find the path with the minimum cost of movement as the optimal path. Finally, a pushing experiment was conducted in the dairy farm. The experimental results showed that when the robot encountered a large amount of forage,the robot could actively move away from the feeding fences to reduce the phenomenon of out-of-control motion, which verified the effectiveness of the path planning algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Bioengineering,Agronomy and Crop Science	A algorithm,Dynamic pushing,Feeding-pushing robot,Path planning,Robot applications
Decentralized Intelligence: The Key for an Energy Efficient and Sustainable Intralogistics	2018	Procedia Manufacturing	2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.Today's material flow in factories is realized by different concepts of transport. Each of those specific conveyors has pros and cons due to its concept. In general, the "state of art" transport systems have a low flexibility of the path planning and are not suitable for dynamic transport requirements, wherefore they are designed for a specific application. Therefore, the object of the research is a cyber-physical material flow system with flexible, autonomous and collaborative vehicles combined with centralized sensors to digitalize the workspace. Furthermore, the number of vehicles in the system can be adjusted to the volume of the transport requirement, wherefore the system is suitable for different tasks in the intralogistics. The sustainability of this concept is given by two aspects. On the one hand by the individual path planning of each task also of small parts. On the other hand by the re-use of the system at changing transport volumes or requirements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Decentralized intelligence,Energy efficiency,Sustainalbe intralogistics,Transport system
Investigating the influences of automated material handling system (AMHS) and effect of layout changing in automotive assembly process	2018	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2018, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.The material handling equipment adds utilization to the performance level of the manufacturing process. Thus, by investigating the influences of AMHS and at the same time seeing the effect of changing its layout in automotive assembly process help the research in improvising the system easier and guaranteed to be success. A case study focus at the material flow of warehouse to assembly shop is done and the result show the work is done manually and has a lot of time are wasted. From the case study, an approach tool are used to simulate the system by using Delmia Quest simulation software. 4 models are simulated which consist of AGV and tugger train as transportation system, 2 layouts which are the current used layout in case study and new layout, and the supply order system which are picking list and pick-to-light system. The result shows the number of part deliveries highly increase by the changed of layout in the system in model 4. The deliveries able to achieve 3 times value from the current old system in the factory. As the system improves with the change of supply order system and layout in model 3 and 4, the idle time reduce to below 0.5 h and maintain linearly in the system. Lastly, it can be summarized that the improvement shows the influences of automated material handling system and facility layout in increasing the performance of the automotive assembly factory.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Malaysia	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	AMHS,Delmia quest,Factory layout
Scheduling of multiple autonomous guided vehicles for an assembly line using minimum cost network flow	2018	Journal of Optimization in Industrial Engineering	2018 Qazvin Islamic Azad University. All Rights Reserved.This paper proposed a parallel automated assembly line system to produce multiple products having multiple autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs). Several assembly lines are configured to produce multiple products in which the technologies of machines are shared among the assembly lines when required. The transportation between the stations in an assembly line (intra-assembly line) and that among stations in different assembly lines (inter assembly line) are performed using AGVs. Scheduling of AGVs to service the assembly lines and the corresponding stations are proposed. In the proposed problem, the assignment of multiple AGVs to different assembly lines and stations is performed using minimum-cost network flow (MCF). It optimizes weighted completion time of tasks for each short-term window by formulating the task and resource assignment problem as MCF problem during each short-term scheduling window. The novelties of the paper are as follows: to configure an autonomous assembly line, to model a minimum cost network flow, and to develop a heuristic solution approach. The results and comparisons show the effectiveness and efficiency of the model and solution algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous guided vehicle (AGV),Minimum cost network flow,Parallel assembly line,Scheduling
Research on PAGV path planning based on artificial immune ant colony fusion algorithm	2018	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2018-IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.With the rapid development of modern science and technology, more and more high-tech has appeared in front of the common people, in particular, the recent rise of artificial intelligent robots and other supernova scientific developments. In order to move the robot according to the direction of the system design, it is necessary to plan the robot's walking path to a certain extent; this requires the use of specific algorithms to achieve. This paper was based on the application of path planning at the present stage, the artificial immune and ant colony fusion algorithm were used to plan and analyze the AGV path, the ant colony algorithm based on the artificial immune algorithm to enhance the recognition function of the immune system and the ant searching for food secretion pheromone as the optimal path finding method was the basic algorithm developed in this paper, the path planning of AGV was analyzed and studied.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	ant colony algorithm,Immune algorithm,path planning
Alternative weibull analysis for road markings: An EM approach	2018	Safety and Reliability - Safe Societies in a Changing World - Proceedings of the 28th International European Safety and Reliability Conference, ESREL 2018	2018 Taylor & Francis Group, London.The quality and reliability of road infrastructure and its equipment play a major role in road safety. This is especially true for autonomous car traffic guided mainly by a GPS system that is, unfortunately, neither precise nor reliable. In order to improve the guidance systems, one option could be to equip the vehicle with a camera reading road markings. Such solution require maintenance strategies guaranteeing markings’ perceptibility to the human eye or the autonomous car camera. Currently, the retroreflection luminance of markings is measured for evaluating marking degradation. An important remaining step is a life time analysis depending on the inspection strategy. Since the exact failure time isn’t generally observed, feedback database contain many censured data: the left-censure corresponding to a marking failing before the first inspection, the interval-censure that corresponds to markings failing between two inspections, and the right-censure corresponding to a marking that never fails. In the literature, a Weibull analysis was proposed to estimate the markings reliable distributions using the Maximum Likelihood through the Newton-Raphson method. Facing with censored data, this approach couldn’t be computed without introducing strong bias in the reliability estimation. For generic interval-censored data, Pradhan and Kundu proposed an alternative, based on the EM algorithm. In our study an extension of the EM algorithm processing left and right censures is proposed. Finally, this algorithm is applicable for all kind of observations, whatever the censure nature. After introducing this EM extension, the paper focuses on the fact that computations are simpler than the Newton-Raphson methods and censored-data are directly estimated. The French National Road 4 markings case is considered to illustrate the proposed approach. Moreover, the proposed algorithm being generic, its application is, of course, not limited to our road marking case study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	2	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Integrating digitization technologies into resource efficiency driven industrial learning environments	2018	Procedia Manufacturing	2018 The Author(s).Extending the traditional scope of industrial lean management oriented learning factories led to the creation of numerous sustainability driven learning environments in Europe in general and especially in German. We focus in this paper on integrating digitization technologies and methodologies in existing learning labs. Deriving the actual specific local need in an enquiry amongst industry decision makers led us to the conclusion to exemplarily highlight the topics of autonomous intralogistics and machine tools as showcases in this contribution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	4	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Digitalized Learning factories,Manufacturing Excellence,Resource Efficiency,Sustainable Manufacturing
A software tool for optimizing intra-logistic activities	2018	Computer Aided Chemical Engineering	2018 Elsevier B.V.Digital manufacturing promotes the use of innovative technologies in the global market landscape and provides effective and efficient Supply Chain Management Systems. The purpose of this research is to contribute to the automation of an industrial warehouse by elaborating a novel software simulation tool for solving a classical NP-hard optimization problem, the Capacitated Vehicle Routing Problem with Multiple Trips (CVRPMT). The software tool promotes the use of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in industrial facility layouts and is based on an existing software framework, developed in the C# programming language. At this study we first formulate the mathematical model for the CVRPMT, we implement a hybrid metaheuristic Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm and develop a friendly Graphical User Interface (GUI) for scheduling and monitoring the AGVs’ activities.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Greece	1	Chemical Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	Ant Colony Optimization (ACO),C#,CVRP,Metaheuristic,Software Tool
Cyclic steady state behavior subject to grid-like network constraints	2018	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG 2018.The paper’s objective concerns assessing a structure constraints of a grid-like network of periodically acting local cyclic processes interacting via shared resources from the perspective of Cyclic steady States Space (CSS) reachability. Interaction of concurrently flowing local processes follows a mutual exclusion protocol determined by a set of priority dispatching rules determining an order in which competing processes can access to common shared resources. The main problem is in essence to identify conditions deciding about the scale and amount of cyclic steady states reachable in such networks. Such conditions allows one to replace the exhaustive search for the admissible deadlock-free control of the whole network by focusing on its small size parts. The proposed methodology behind fast assessment of cyclic steady states reachable in grid-like structure of cyclic process is clarified through multiple illustrative examples.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Cyclic scheduling,Declarative modelling,Fleet of AGVs,Multimodal process,Periodic vehicle routing problem,Re-scheduling
Adaptation and experimental analysis of the universal asynchronous receiver-transmitter based communication in autonomous ground vehicle	2018	Transport Means - Proceedings of the International Conference	Transport Means - Proceedings of the International Conference. All rights reserved.Autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) are a complex and interdisciplinary research object which combines such areas as vehicle dynamics, automatic control theory, policy framework, etc. Correspondingly, various AGVs control issues, which are combined in the majority of cases, are solved in research works. The control signal formed by the AGVs lateral / longitudinal controller has to be transmitted and executed in real time without any delays or other disturbances. To achieve this goal various serial communication protocols and other communication systems are used. In this work an adaptation of the universal asynchronous receiver-transmitter based communication system (UART) for the use in AGVs is described and analyzed. Proposed adaptation of the UART based communication system was developed in the software package MATLAB/Simulink. The analysis was done based on the results of the experimental research using the AGV with the UART based communication system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Lithuania	0	Transportation	Autonomous ground vehicle,Communication,Experimental analysis,UART
Understanding of final-state control technique in motion control problems from the viewpoint of model predictive control theory	2018	ASME-JSME 2018 Joint International Conference on Information Storage and Processing Systems and Micromechatronics for Information and Precision Equipment, ISPS-MIPE 2018	Copyright  2018 ASME.In many motion control problems of mechatronic equipment, the control performance of the final-state of the control period is strictly important for positioning or settling issues. Totani and Nishimura proposed a final-state control (FSC) method using compensation input for such a purpose in 1994. The FSC technique has been improved and applied to various kinds of actual mechanical motion control problems. The FSC technique looks similar to the Mode Predictive Control (MPC). However, the difference of FSC and MPC has not been fully addressed yet. This paper shows the understanding of FSC technique from the viewpoint of the MPC theory. An updating-type FSC (UFSC) proposed by a part of the authors is introduced. Then, this paper shows analytically that the control input in UFSC can be obtained by the theory of MPC under some conditions. This analysis makes clear the meaning of “updating” in the FSC technique for actual mechanical motion control applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture	None
Performance analysis of different material handling devices in flexible manufacturing system	2018	International Journal of Mechanical and Production Engineering Research and Development	TJPRC Pvt. Ltd.A Flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is the group of machines that are most preferably CNC, which will coordinate by a common control center capable of dealing with a variety of the products. It is a manufacturing system, which possesses the flexibility of adopting their machines and factory layouts that are according to the product to be produced. In this paper, performance of AGV, CART for different Layouts like Line Layout, U Layout with different speeds are studied by using flexsim software and suggested different material handling devices for different processes for different layouts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automated Guided Vehicle & CART’s,Flexible Manufacturing System
Deep-Learning-Based Storage-Allocation Approach to Improve the AMHS Throughput Capacity in a Semiconductor Fabrication Facility	2018	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2018, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.Recently, automated material handling systems (AMHSs) in semiconductor fabrication plants (FABs) in South Korea have become a new and major bottleneck. This is mainly because the number of long-distance transportation requests has increased as the FAB area has widened. This paper presents a deep-learning-based adaptive method for the storage-allocation problem to improve the AMHS throughput capacity. The AMHS in this research consists of overhead hoist transfer transports (OHTs), a unified rail for the OHTs, etc. The main problem involves scheduling (or designating) an intermediate buffer, e.g., a stocker or a side track buffer, for a single lot. Thus far, a static optimization approach has been widely applied to the problem. This research shows that a learning-based adaptive storage-allocation strategy can increase the AMHS capacity in terms of throughput. The deep-learning model considers various production conditions, including processing time, transportation time, and the distribution of works in process (WIP).	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Deep learning,Dispatching,Machine targeting,Scheduling,Storage allocation,WIP allocation
Design and Control of Two Degree of Freedom Powered Caster Wheels Based Omni-Directional Robot	2018	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd 2018.Omni-directional robot has the ability of 0–360° motions are received much attention in recent years. They have locomotive advantages and are widely deployed in larger range of application fields especially in constrained narrow space. This paper introduce a novel omni-directional robot with four powered caster wheels, each caster wheel has two degree of freedom (DOF) and made by two outer rotor motors connected mechanically. The kinematics of the system are analyzed, the prototype has been developed. The developed omni-directional robot is able to realize the moving motions along x and y axis and rotate about z-axis. All of the software are implemented on Robot Operation Systems (ROS) and the velocity trajectory planner is employed and embedded in the software. The squared position curve is given and tested by using lase tracker, the result is analyzed, and it shown that the following error of the system is about 2.5Â cm while the width of the square is 70Â cm.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Control,Direct motor,Kinematics,Omni-directional robot,Powered caster wheels
Material Flow Optimisation of Flexible Manufacturing System using Real Coded Genetic Algorithm (RCGA)	2018	Materials Today: Proceedings	2017 Elsevier Ltd.In flexible jobshop manufacturing system 'n' number of jobs are manufactured on 'm' machines in the's' stages. Each product has its predefined sequence. Material processing is scheduled by following alternate process plans. Material flow consists of the total completion time which comprises of travel time, waiting time and processing time, etc. Material flow optimisation is the part of production planning stage. So, it is a crucial part in the flexible manufacturing system of decision making to optimise a material flow in the system.In this paper, a mathematical model is modified to optimise material flow optimisation of a flexible manufacturing system. Waiting time due to unavailability of machines is considered for the modification of this mathematical model. A real coded Genetic Algorithm (RCGA) has implemented on flexible jobshop manufacturing system problem to optimise material flow of the system. The results shows that RCGA can be applied to solve problems of flexible jobshop manufacturing system and better as compared to Genetic Algorithm (GA).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	4	Materials Science (all)	Flexible Manufacturing system,Material flow,Real Coded Genetic Algorithm (RCGA),waiting time
A revisit of three-dimensional linear-tangent guidance law for payload maximization	2018	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences	2018 KASHYAP.Early applications of the complicated guidance and control laws were strongly limited by the capacity and speed of onboard computer. Modern electronic and computer technologies have eliminated most of the difficulties. The launch vehicle guidance and control technologies have been developed for more than one half of a century. Development of launch vehicle technology has been mature and the accuracy of guidance and control is getting better and better. Among the various launch vehicle guidance laws, the linear-tangent guidance (LTG) was developed in the 1960s. Basically it is a parameterized guidance law for launch vehicles. This paper revisited and investigated the design and simulation of a three-dimensional LTG for payload (PL) maximization. A nominal trajectory without any disturbance was generated at first. Then a normal disturbance force with 45-degree offset angle is added to calculate a three-dimensional perturbed trajectory. And then the LTG was imposed to guide the launch vehicle back to the nominal trajectory for PL maximization by adjusting the LTG parameters. For simulation purposes, a typical launch vehicle model was used. Under nominal condition, the satellite mass was assumed to be 1,000 kg with a circular orbit altitude at 646 km. After maximization, the maximum PL obtained was 1,170 kg even under normal force disturbance, an increase of 17%. Precise orbit insertion could be achieved with the maximized PL.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Aerospace Engineering,Space and Planetary Science	None
Development of an automatically guided rice transplanter using RTK-GNSS and IMU	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018The objective of this research was to develop an automatically guided rice transplanter by using RTK-GNSS and IMU as navigation sensors. The rice transplanter used in this research was commercially available and manually-operated. Automatic operation mechanisms were developed instead of manual functions including turning, stop, going forward and reverse. Sensor fusion was used to integrate measurements by sensors and calculate the absolute heading direction of the rice transplanter. A headland turning method was proposed to ensure the turning process in considering that a relatively large slip rate at extreme steering angles. Experiments were conducted to verify the performance of the automatically guided rice transplanter. Results showed that lateral and heading errors were less than 10 cm and 5 degrees, respectively, in terms of straight paths. And headland turns were automatically executed according to the desired pattern.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering	headland turning,navigation,rice transplanter,sensor fusion
Cross-border shipment route selection utilizing analytic hierarchy process (AHP) method	2018	Songklanakarin Journal of Science and Technology	2018, Prince of Songkla University. All rights reserved.Becoming a member of ASEAN Economic Community (AEC), Thailand expects a growth of cross-border trade with neighboring countries, especially the agricultural products shipment. To facilitate this, a number of strategies are set, such as the utilization of single check point, the Asian Highway (AH) route development, and the truck lane initiation. However, majority of agricultural products traded through the borders are transported using the rural roads, from growing area to the factory, before continuing to the borders using different highways. It is, therefore, necessary for the Department of Rural Roads (DRR) to plan for rural road improvement to accommodate the growth of the cross-border trades in the near future. This research, thus, aims to select potential rural roads to support cross-border shipment utilizing the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) method. Seven key factors affecting rural roads selection, with references from transport and other related literatures, are extracted. They include:1) cross-border trade value, 2) distance from border to rural road, 3) agriculture and processed agriculture goods transported across the border, 4) compatibility with national strategies, 5) area characteristics around the rural road, 6) truck volume, and 7) number of rural roads in the radius of 50 kilometers from the border. Interviews are conducted with the experts based on seven key factors to collect data for the AHP analysis. The results identify the weight of each factor with an acceptable consistency ratio. It shows that the cross-border trade value is the most important factor as it achieves the highest weight. The distance from border to rural road and the compatibility with national strategies are also found crucial when making rural road selection decision. The Department of Rural Roads could use the results to select suitable roads, and plan for road improvement to support the cross-border shipment when the AEC is fully implemented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Thailand	1	Multidisciplinary	Analytic hierarchy process,Cross-border shipment,Cross-border trade,Route selection,Rural roads
Identification of performance variables which affect the FMS: A state-of-the-art review	2018	International Journal of Process Management and Benchmarking	Copyright  2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The aim of this research is the identification of performance variables which affect the flexible manufacturing system (FMS). The study was performed to find the variables especially for performance, productivity and flexibility of FMS. Recognition of variables took place from the literature and experts opinions from the manufacturing industry. The 15 performance variables were identified and three factors, i.e., quality, productivity and flexibility, were extracted, which involves the performance of FMS. The 20 productivity variables were identified and four factors, i.e., people, quality, machine, and flexibility, were extracted, which involves the productivity of FMS. Fifteen variables were identified and four factors, i.e., production flexibility, machine flexibility, product flexibility, and volume flexibility, were extracted, which affect the flexibility of FMS. This research provides the opportunity to management for understanding the factors or variables for enhancement of performance of their manufacturing firms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Factors,Flexibility,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,Performance,Productivity,Variables
A fuzzy-based clustering model for MRI image	2018	Proceedings of International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, CIE	2018, Curran Associates Inc. All rights reserved.Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique which is used in radiology for forming pictures of the anatomy and the physiological process of the body in both health and disease. Image clustering and categorization refers to a method for high-level description of image content to find a mapping of the archive images into classes (clusters) which provide essentially the same information about the image archive as the entire image set collection. This paper introduces a fuzzy-based clustering approach for MRI image. This approach is based on a model that categorizes the objects into different classes in the image. Experiment results show the feasibility and practicality of using the proposed approach for clustering the MRI images. It is possible to implement that in the future.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Cluster,Fuzzy theory,Image processing,MRI
Designing a No-Wait Cyclic Schedule for a Class of Concurrent Repetitive Production Processes	2018	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2018The concurrent repetitive manufacturing processes sharing resources according to a mutual exclusion protocol are considered. A system of the processes is a composition of subsystems that consist of n cyclic processes sharing one resource. In case of resource conflicts between the processes regarding access to the resources a certain priority is used (e.g. FIFO rule) which guarantees starvation-free access of the processes to the shared resources. A class of systems which are structurally deadlock-free is considered, i.e. resource requests of repetitive processes can't create closed loop. For this class of systems is searched conflict-free, cyclic schedule for which the processes never wait for the resources, i.e. resource conflicts are avoided and a priority rule is not in the operation. A structure of production processes sharing resources and the operation times are defined. The problem of computing the starting times of the processes for which a no-wait cyclic schedule exists is formulated in a declarative way using constraint programming (CP) method. The necessary and sufficient conditions for existence of a no-wait schedule in the n-process system are given and used to compute the possible schedules of the processes. An illustrative example is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	4	Control and Systems Engineering	constraint programming,constraint satisfaction problem,cyclic scheduling,declarative modeling,manufacturing systems,no-wait cycle schedule,Repetitive processes,resource conflicts resolution
Design of a Petri net supervisor for multi-cluster tools to improve scheduling performance	2018	Journal of Advanced Mechanical Design, Systems and Manufacturing	2018 The Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers.Cluster tools are widely used for semiconductor manufacturing. A multi-cluster tool consists of several single cluster tools which are interconnected with each other. The multi-cluster tool causes a deadlock due to nonexistence of intermediate buffer. Deadlock is a serious problem leading decrease of throughput and deterioration of wafers. In this paper, the optimal supervisor proposed by Chen et al. (2011) is applied to a Petri net model of the multi-cluster tools. From the comparison of performance with the conventional deadlock prevention policies, we find that the maximally permissive supervisor does not always produce a better scheduling performance. We propose a design method of a Petri net supervisor to improve the scheduling performance. Our main idea is to eliminate legal markings that may eventually cause the increase of makespan. The proposed method is applied to the two-connected multi-cluster tool. The results indicate that the scheduling performance can be improved by the proposed method without lowering maximal permissivity.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cluster tools,Deadlock,Flexible manufacturing system,Petri net,Reachability graph
PID based design and development of a mobile robot using microcontroller	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018.Human labor work has been increasingly being replaced by robots to do works for decades, especially those that are tedious and risky. Moreover, works done by robotics have less error prone and higher efficiency. This paper presents a design and develops microcontroller based mobile robot (MR). The robot is based on a microcontroller, acting as the brain, which contain a series of programs that interpret its surrounding through input data from the sensors and maneuver through the limited data obtained while avoiding obstacle. The prototype was able to differentiate surrounding and maneuver to desired location smoothly according to predefined path while simultaneously sensing for obstacle to avoid. The Proportional–Integral–Derivative (PID) based program on the microcontroller was critical because it needs to handle the sensitive sensors feedback and sent correct command to respond to the surrounding while at the same time having the correct arrangement and format. The developed MR can be controlled autonomously, following the path by varying the current fed to the motor through error correction, towards desired location while simultaneously sensing for obstacle as far as 400 cm ahead. Through decision making the speed of the MR will adjust itself and will put stop moving when the obstacle was 5 cm ahead. Based on the experiment the advantage and disadvantage of the current development were realized for further development.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Nigeria	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Microcontroller,Mobile robot,PID controller,Sensor
Advanced materials handling processes and devices in the automotive industry	2018	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2018, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.Automotive industry is one of the biggest sectors of economy, so any task related to it has also large significance. It is especially valid for the handling solutions used in production procedures of the automotive area. However there are many different handling processes applied suited for the individual production elements. In this paper authors give an overview about the materials handling solutions used in automotive production processes. As the application of different handling methods and equipment is principally based on the characteristics of the production processes, so authors also present the relations among the process and device parameters. Types and relations of the different parameters mean the base of the selection process of equipment for all of the handling procedures of the automotive industry and give ideas to develop new devices to fulfil the special requirement.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Hungary	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automotive industry,Equipment,Materials handling processes,Parameters
Novel Rough Range of Value Method (R-ROV) for selecting automatically guided vehicles (AGVs)	2018	Studies in Informatics and Control	2012-2018.Material Handling Equipment is a set of different tools, devices, applications that aim to facilitate the handling of materials and products. It is used inside the warehouse, but also between warehouses and production facilities. As an important type of material handling equipment, automatically guided vehicles (AGVs) play one of the key roles in warehouse automation. The benefits of applying the AGVs in the warehouse automation process include: reducing labor costs, increasing reliability and productivity, reducing the damage of goods, safety improving, managing and controlling the complete system, etc. In this paper, a Novel Rough Range of Value Method (R-ROV) for evaluating and selecting AGVs in the warehouse has been developed, which is one of the main contributions. In addition, the Full Consistency Method (FUCOM) was used to determine the weight values of the criteria. The model was formed through nine AGVs and 7 criteria. In the framework of checking the stability of the obtained results and the developed model, the comparison was performed using: Rough WASPAS (Weighted Aggregated Sum Product ASsessment), Rough SAW (Simple Additive Weighting) and Rough MABAC (Multi-Attributive Border Approximation area Comparison). Sensitivity analysis showed high correlation of ranks with all the applied methods by employing the Spearman's Correlation Coefficient (SCC).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Lithuania	11	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatically guided vehicles (AGVs),Full Consistency Method (FUCOM),Logistics,Multi-Criteria decision-making (MCDM),Rough Range Of Value (R-ROV)
Deep Adversarial Context-Aware Landmark Detection for Ultrasound Imaging	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2018, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Real-time prostate gland localization in trans-rectal ultrasound images is required for automated ultrasound guided prostate biopsy procedures. We propose a new deep learning based approach aimed at localizing several prostate landmarks efficiently and robustly. Our multitask learning approach primarily makes the overall algorithm more contextually aware. In this approach, we not only consider the explicit learning of landmark locations, but also build-in a mechanism to learn the contour of the prostate. This multitask learning is further coupled with an adversarial arm to promote the generation of feasible structures. We have trained this network using ~4000 labeled trans-rectal ultrasound images and tested on an independent set of images with ground truth landmark locations. We have achieved an overall Dice score of 92.6% for the adversarially trained multitask approach, which is significantly better than the Dice score of 88.3% obtained by only learning of landmark locations. The overall mean distance error using the adversarial multitask approach has also improved by 20% while reducing the standard deviation of the error compared to learning landmark locations only. In terms of computational complexity both approaches can process the images in real-time using a standard computer with a CUDA enabled GPU.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Construction enterprise material stocks management economic and mathematical model creating	2018	International Journal of Engineering and Technology(UAE)	2018 Authors.Material stock management modern economic and mathematical models are studied. Materials stock formation system at one of Poltava construction enterprises was analyzed by the author. It is proposed to use a deterministic and probabilistic model for determining the optimal size and time of placing an order depending on the group of building materials. It will increase financial resources usage efficiency to hold stocks and increase construction enterprise profit.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Ukraine	0	Biotechnology,Computer Science (miscellaneous),Environmental Engineering,Chemical Engineering (all),Engineering (all),Hardware and Architecture	Construction enterprise,Economic and mathematical model,Stock management
AGW for efficient freight transport in container yard: Models and costs	2018	Transportation Research Procedia	2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Different modes of transport are frequently used to transfer goods from origin to destination, especially on medium-long distances, in relation to the network supply, the available services, the costs. The transfer from one carrier to another, in an interchange node such as a port, a rail station, a logistics terminal, often implicates an increase of monetary and temporal costs, connected to material and immaterial operations. The principal aim is to minimize the overall cost of transport, but the freight interchange node can represent critical steps in logistics chain and for this reason much attention is now committed to actions to make efficient the functional organization of the terminal. In the last years an increasing interest is directed to the use of vehicles technologically advanced with automation of functions. The paper focuses on a particular technology, conceived recently, otherwise an intelligent rail wagon called AGW (Automated Guided Wagon) for handling of containers in a port. The use of intelligent system AGW as handling unit of containers in the yard, would allow the overcoming of diseconomies of scale and the reduction of the handling times and costs through a flexible management in relation to the characteristics of the transport supply and demand, the latter subject to a high variability. In the paper, after a brief description of the AGW technology and the advantages connected to the use of this handling system in a freight interchange node, the attention is focused on a comparative analysis between the handling system now operating in the container port (RTG, Straddle Carrier, AVG, etc.) and the system that involves the use of AGW. This analysis is made on the operational characteristics of the different handling systems, through the use of: functional schemes, with the aim to carry out evaluations related to the spatial, organizational and relational structure of container yard equipped with different handling unit; network models (graphical representation of links and paths; basic cost parameters) for the schematization and simulation of container handling in the yard; cost models for quantitative evaluation of monetary and temporal impacts, that derive from the use of different handling unit in the yard.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Transportation	Automated Guided Wagon,Comparative Cost analysis,container handling system
On the V2X speed synchronization at intersections: Rule based System for extended virtual platooning	2018	Procedia Computer Science	2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.Autonomous vehicles that are able to communicate together allowed the emergence of a new way of controlling intersections. Recently an active research community stakes on cooperative intersection management. Vehicles and intersection are able to communicate together in order to improve traffic condition at intersections. Many simulations have shown that the cooperative intersection management outperforms traffic lights because there are no limited stages as within traffic light and authorized movements are adapted to the current situation. This paper focusses on speed synchronization at intersections. More precisely, a virtual platoon is formed by vehicles coming from different lanes. When traffic rate is low this allows avoiding useless stops and thus the speed synchronization saves energy and increases the average speed. However, experiments showed that some parameters need to be considered. Hence, as the traffic rate grows, vehicles need to stop and speed synchronization is no more efficient. The main reason of this drawback is that the studied concepts are limited to First Come First Served or to First Out First-Served. This paper extends the virtual platooning, where new rules form new virtual platoon able to adjust dynamically the whole behavior according to the traffic flow growth under safety conditions. Simulations based on real-world experiences show that the proposed approach is very efficient by increasing the average speed while keeping a high capacity of the intersection.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Computer Science (all)	Cooperative Intersection Management,Rules based System,V2X,Virtual Platoon
Generalized public transportation scheduling using max-plus algebra	2018	Kybernetika	2018 Institute of Information Theory and Automation of The Czech Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.In this paper, we discuss the scheduling of a wide class of transportation systems. In particular, we derive an algorithm to generate a regular schedule by using max-plus algebra. Inputs of this algorithm are a graph representing the road network of public transportation systems and the number of public vehicles in each route. The graph has to be strongly connected, which means there is a path from any vertex to every vertex. Let us remark that the algorithm is general in the sense that we can allocate any number of vehicles in each route. The algorithm itself consists of two main steps. In the first step, we use a novel procedure to construct the model. Then in the second step, we compute a regular schedule by using the power algorithm. We describe our proposed framework for an example.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Indonesia	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Max-plus algebra,Scheduling,Strongly connected road network
A decentralized control strategy for the coordination of AGV systems	2018	Control Engineering Practice	2017 Elsevier LtdThis paper deals with the complex problem of controlling and coordinating Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGV) by a decentralized approach. Each AGV selects its route by a consensus algorithm based on some Integer Linear Programming problem solutions. Moreover, the AGVs move inside a zone-controlled guidepath network and coordinate their movements by a decentralized protocol based on a zone-controlled approach, which guarantees the avoidance of deadlocks and collisions. The proposed decentralized strategy is applied to a guidepath network by means of a simulation software.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	19	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous guided vehicles,Consensus algorithms,Deadlock avoidance,Decentralized control,Integer linear programming
Two strategies of two-level facility network design for autonomous ground vehicle operations	2018	Production and Manufacturing Research	2018,  2018 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.We compare two models of two-level facility location problems for network design in autonomous ground vehicle (AGV) operations. The two-level model consists of locations for charging stations (main facilities), as well as for storage locations (substations). Demand points will represent processing locations. In both formulations, demands are assigned to substations and substations are assigned to main facilities. The formulations differ in whether each connection between a facility and a substation is counted once in absolute terms, or once per demand. These represent two different views, in which transfer between a main facility and substation is carried out either in bulk, e.g. using a shuttle, or by each AGV independently. Selected experimental results are presented for geometric networks and networks consisting of uniformly distributed points on a regular mesh. These results indicate that the two formulations lead to vastly different network designs in terms of the number of facilities and connectivity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	autonomous ground vehicles,cyber-physical systems,facility location problems,Logistics networks,network design
Research on the method of auto-recharging of a forage-pushing robot based on fuzzy control	2018	ASABE 2018 Annual International Meeting	2018 American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers. All rights reserved.In order to deal with the drawbacks of auto-recharging methods of existing robots such as low-docking stability, this paper proposes an auto-charging method using route guidance. The magnetic stripes for navigation were laid in the segments of the charging path to be a reference path. The magnetic navigation sensors detected the signal of the magnetic stripes to obtain the deviation of the robot motion against the reference path. A 16-bit microcontroller was used to correct the deviation to ensure the robot was able to move in right directions. The algorithm of the controller was double-closed loop for tracking, including the position-closed loop and the robot-dynamic-closed loop. The position-closed loop adopted fuzzy control and the robot-dynamic-closed loop adopted PID control. The robot simulation tests and the auto-recharging experiments of path tracking demonstrated that this method was effective. The proposed auto-charging technology had a good adaptability in both cattle farms and other complex agricultural environments and it can widely deal with to the auto-recharging issues of agricultural robots.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Bioengineering,Agronomy and Crop Science	Auto-recharging,Dynamics,Fuzzy Control,Path tracking,PID Control
Fisheye image rectification using spherical and digital distortion models	2018	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2018 SPIE.Fisheye cameras have been widely used in many applications including close range visual navigation and observation and cyber city reconstruction because its field of view is much larger than that of a common pinhole camera. This means that a fisheye camera can capture more information than a pinhole camera in the same scenario. However, the fisheye image contains serious distortion, which may cause trouble for human observers in recognizing the objects within. Therefore, in most practical applications, the fisheye image should be rectified to a pinhole perspective projection image to conform to human cognitive habits. The traditional mathematical model-based methods cannot effectively remove the distortion, but the digital distortion model can reduce the image resolution to some extent. Considering these defects, this paper proposes a new method that combines the physical spherical model and the digital distortion model. The distortion of fisheye images can be effectively removed according to the proposed approach. Many experiments validate its feasibility and effectiveness.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Digital distortion model,Direct linear transformation,Fisheye lens,Reconstruction,Spherical perspective model
A cooperative coevolutionary algorithm for real-time underground mine scheduling	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2018.We apply a cooperative coevolutionary algorithm for the real-time evolution of schedules in underground mines. The algorithm evolves simultaneously both truck dispatching and traffic light schedules for one-lane roads. The coevolutionary approach achieves high production with fewer trucks than both the widely-used DISPATCH algorithm, and commonly-used greedy heuristics.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Coevolution,Evolutionary algorithms,Mine scheduling
Safety for automated warehouse exhibiting collaborative robots	2018	Safety and Reliability - Safe Societies in a Changing World - Proceedings of the 28th International European Safety and Reliability Conference, ESREL 2018	2018 Taylor & Francis Group, London.The trend of automation in industrial production has led to massive use of autonomous robots. In classical approaches, safety is usually guaranteed by isolating robots from humans. Collaborative robots, i.e., humans and robots working together, are expected to increase both productivity and performance. However, removing fences and putting the robot working in collaboration with humans causes new hazardous situations. Therefore, proper risk assessment should be performed to avoid those hazardous situations without compromising the productivity. We present an automated warehouse where autonomous robots load trucks with products while sharing the same environment with human workers. In this position paper we propose a safety strategy that is modeled based on dynamic safety fields around the robot, which is consistent with important guidelines in collaborative robotics (i.e., ISO15066). We propose three different safety levels of dynamic fields: red (critical), yellow (warning) and green (clear). Instead of completely stopping the robot in the presence of humans it can keep performing its operations with some enforced constrains for safety reasons. We also propose a risk assessment of hazardous situations based on proprioceptive and exteroceptive data. This evaluation generates different warnings or actions to be performed based on those safety levels and is responsible for changing the size of the dynamic fields.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	4	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Tabu temporal difference learning for robot path planning in uncertain environments	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2018.This paper addresses the robot path planning problem in uncertain environments, where the robot has to avoid potential collisions with other agents or obstacles, as well as rectify actuation errors caused by environmental disturbances. This problem is motivated by many practical applications, such as ocean exploration by underwater vehicles, and package transportation in a warehouse by mobile robots. The novel feature of this paper is that we propose a Tabu methodology consisting of an Adaptive Action Selection Rule and a Tabu Action Elimination Strategy to improve the classic Temporal Difference (TD) learning approach. Furthermore, two classic TD learning algorithms (i.e., Q-learning and SASRA) are revised by the proposed Tabu methodology for optimizing learning performance. We use a simulated environment to evaluate the proposed algorithms. The results show that the proposed approach can provide an effective solution for generating collision-free and safety paths for robots in uncertain environments.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Path planning,Performance,Reinforcement learning,Uncertain environments
Integrated quay crane and yard truck schedule for the dual-cycling strategies	2018	CICTP 2017: Transportation Reform and Change - Equity, Inclusiveness, Sharing, and Innovation - Proceedings of the 17th COTA International Conference of Transportation Professionals	2017 ASCE.Quay crane scheduling and yard truck scheduling are two highly interrelated important problems in container terminals. Most studies have attempted to optimize each of these two problems independently. However, there exists delay in quay crane or yard truck that would decrease handling efficiency; so, this paper studies quay crane scheduling and yard truck scheduling in an integrated manner. To increase the utilization rate of resources and to reduce the rate of yard truck empty running, this problem uses the dual-cycling strategies. Due to the intractability of this problem, we design a genetic algorithm to acquire the near-optimal solutions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Transportation	Container terminal operations,Dual-cycling strategies,Genetic algorithm,Quay crane scheduling,Yard truck scheduling
Analysis and Evaluation of Control Action End-State Impact on Manufacturing System Future Production	2018	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Some control actions (e.g., scheduling overtime production during breaks to catch up throughput) in a serial production line will drive the system to different states at the end time of the actions (defined as the action end-state), and influence the system production in future time. In this paper, we analyze how a selected control action and its end-state will impact system future production. The concept of end-state recovery time and its properties are proposed to describe the pattern of this system future behavior change, and to identify the time it takes to achieve such future production impact. Analytical methods are established to calculate this end-state production impact and recovery time in clean case scenario. In addition, we investigate the end-state production impact in stochastic scenario, and obtain a closed-form solution to evaluate the robustness of the end-state with respect to disruption events. The end-state analysis and evaluation results are critical for assessing and selecting control actions to more quickly and effectively improve system future production, and to deliver robust performance against disruption events.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	End-state,future production impact,manufacturing system control action,recovery time,robustness against disruption events
Speedup techniques for multiobjective integer programs in designing optimal and structurally simple supervisors of AMS	2018	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2016 IEEE. Personal use is permitted.This paper investigates several speedup techniques for a multiobjective integer linear program (ILP) used to obtain an optimal Petri net supervisor with a compressed structure for automated manufacturing systems (AMSs). An optimal supervisor can be obtained by forbidding all first-met bad markings and no legal markings of a plant net via place invariants. An iterative method to perform lexicographic multiobjective ILP is proposed to design such supervisor with a simple structure in terms of the numbers of control places and added arcs. Instead of a single ILP, several much smaller ILPs are formulated in the iterative method, and they can be solved much faster. To further reduce the ILP solution time, an efficient redundancy identification method is used. Finally, some AMS examples are provided to demonstrate the proposed speedup techniques and approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	17	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system (AMS),Deadlock revention,Discrete event system,Linear programming problem,Optimization,Petri net (PN).
A simulation-based multi-objective optimisation approach in flexible manufacturing system planning	2018	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.In this paper, an attempt has been made to address the optimum set of queues capacity, queues discipline, conveyors and transporter's speed and operational setup times in a common flexible manufacturing system (FMS) with objectives of minimisation of average stay time in queues and maximisation of throughput simultaneously. Analysis of such issues, especially when the objective functions cannot be described in mathematical terms is a complex task is focused in this paper. Here the mean of five objective functions estimated by fitness functions extracted experimentally using 36 scenarios on a valid computer simulation model. Under equal weights, the exact solution attained by the Lingo software and optimum process setting was achieved. The applicability of the new approach is ascertained through a case study involving the optimisation of real engineering system and presented using the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Design of experiment,DOE,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,MOP,Multi-objective optimisation problem,Response surface modelling,RSM,Simulation
Automatic simultaneous extrinsic-odometric calibration for camera-odometry system	2018	IEEE Sensors Journal	2017 IEEE.This paper focuses on the simultaneous extrinsicodometric calibration of a mobile robot system equipped with odometric devices and a monocular camera. Most current approaches are based on either optimization or Gaussian filter, which depends on a manually provided initial guess. In this paper, we propose a two-step fully automatic calibration algorithm, which does not require any prior knowledge of the un-calibrated parameters. In the first step, both the odometric parameters and the extrinsic ones are estimated through a non-iterative auto initialization process. In the second step, a joint optimization problem is solved iteratively to obtain a refined calibration result. By exploiting the planar motion constraints of the landmark measurements, our auto initialization method outperforms a comparison approach in robustness against the image noise. Experiments are conducted with data sets collected from both simulation and an autonomous guided vehicle system, which validates the improvement.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	5	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Calibration,Mobile robot
Position Locationing for Millimeter Wave Systems	2018	2018 IEEE Global Communications Conference, GLOBECOM 2018 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.The vast amount of spectrum available for millimeter wave (mmWave) wireless communication systems will support accurate real-time positioning concurrent with communication signaling. This paper demonstrates that accurate estimates of the position of an unknown node can be determined using estimates of time of arrival (ToA), angle of arrival (AoA), as well as data fusion or machine learning. Real-world data at 28 GHz and 73 GHz is used to show that AoA-based localization techniques will need to be augmented with other positioning techniques. The fusion of AoA-based positioning with received power measurements for RXs in an office which has dimensions of 35 m by 65.5 m is shown to provide location accuracies ranging from 16 cm to 3.25 m, indicating promise for accurate positioning capabilities in future networks. Received signal strength intensity (RSSI) based positioning techniques that exploit the ordering of the received power can be used to determine rough estimates of user position. Prediction of received signal characteristics is done using 2-D ray tracing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	11	Information Systems and Management,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Signal Processing,Modeling and Simulation,Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications	5G,mm Wave,navigation,position location,positioning,ray tracing,site-specific propagation
Noise reduction with fuzzy inference based on generalized mean and singleton input–output rules: A feasibility study	2018	ISCIIA and ITCA 2018 - 8th International Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Industrial Applications and 12th China-Japan International Workshop on Information Technology and Control Applications	ISCIIA and ITCA 2018 - 8th International Symposium on Computational Intelligence and Industrial Applications and 12th China-Japan International Workshop on Information Technology and Control Application.A method is proposed for reducing noise in learning data on the basis of fuzzy inference methods called α-GEMII (α-level-set and generalized-mean-based inference with the proof of two-sided symmetry of consequences) and α-GEMINAS (α-level-set and generalized-mean-based inference with fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points). It is especially effective to reduce noise in randomly-sampled data, given by singleton input–output pairs, for fuzzy rule optimization. In the proposed method, α-GEMII and α-GEMINAS are performed with singleton input–output rules and facts defined by fuzzy sets (non-singletons). The rules are initially determined by the input–output pairs of the learning data. They are arranged with consequences deduced by α-GEMII and α-GEMINAS. Then, they are updated with consequences obtained in iteratively performing α-GEMINAS. The noise reduction in each iteration is a decisive process and thus the proposed method is expected to improve the robustness to noise in fuzzy rule optimization, relying less on trial-and-error-based progress. Simulation results show that noise is properly reduced in each iteration and the deviation in the learning data is suppressed to a great extent.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy inference,Generalized mean,Noise reduction,Sparse fuzzy rules,Α-cut
Design of crucial elements for industrial plants, offshore platforms and underwater facilities	2018	20th International Conference on Harbor, Maritime and Multimodal Logistics Modeling and Simulation, HMS 2018	2018 CURRAN-CONFERENCE. All rights reserved.The paper proposes some specific models to be used in design of crucial elements for Industrial Plants that previously were not easy to be addressed by simulation due their functional complexity. As examples of these kinds of elements are proposed autonomous systems for fire fighting and/or emergencies for on-shore and off shore plants as well as equipment for underwater operations. The paper proposes use of MS2G Simulation Paradigm (Modeling, interoperable Simulation and Serious Games) as solution in these specific cases to test concepts and capabilities.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Modeling and Simulation	Industrial Plant,Off-Shore Platforms,On-Shore Infrastructures,Simulation,Underwater System
Overview of a scripting language for JADE - Based multi-agent systems	2018	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	Copyright 2018 for the individual papers by the papers' authors.This paper outlines the major features of Jadescript, a scripting language designed to support agent-oriented programming. The core abstractions that Jadescript provides are those related to event-driven agents and message passing, and the view of multi-agent systems that it promotes is closely related to that offered by JADE. Programmers using Jadescript are granted a dedicated syntax largely inspired by modern scripting languages, and major programming activities are supported in the scope of the language with a marked raise of the level of abstraction with respect to the direct use of JADE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	4	Computer Science (all)	None
A Location-Sharing Technology for Traffic Organization at Un-Signalized Intersection	2018	CICTP 2018: Intelligence, Connectivity, and Mobility - Proceedings of the 18th COTA International Conference of Transportation Professionals	2018 American Society of Civil Engineers.With the technical development of the GNSS (such as GPS, BDS, GLONASS), wireless communication, and intelligent vehicle, connected/autonomous vehicles (C/AVs) have become an effective means to solve traffic problems, especially in unsignalized intersections. C/AVs can provide a series of proper intersection "sight" distance for uncontrolled and stop/yield-controlled intersections. Under the (C/AVs) environment, information sharing and interactivity can be achieved via V2V (vehicle to vehicle communication) and V2I (vehicle to infrastructure communication). The traffic conditions of two different organization ways are simulated analysis by comparing with the actual traffic investigation data. The simulation results showed that the traffic control method proposed in this paper is 0.635 seconds less than the existing-signal-control traffic organization mode, and the traffic efficiency has been improved 27.7% under the same traffic volume. C/AVs have been the research focus in intelligent traffic, leading the development of this field, and greatly improving the traffic safety.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Transportation	None
Combining physical simulation and discrete-event material flow simulation	2018	Procedia CIRP	2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Manufacturing customized products leads to increased complexity within the material flows of a manufacturing system. Discrete-event material flow simulations are established models that help to cope with this complexity. A promising way to extend these models is their enhancement with the physical behavior of moving objects. Disturbances in the material flow, which were previously not covered by simulations, could be detected by considering physical effects like friction or acceleration. This paper determines the challenges and potentials of combining discrete-event material flow simulation and physical simulation. A conceptual approach is presented, using a material flow simulation based on an event-driven production control.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Event-driven production control,Material Flow Simulation,Physical Simulation,Physics engine,Simulation
Synthesis of logical controllers and discrete-event systems supervisory control theory	2018	Kongzhi Lilun Yu Yingyong/Control Theory and Applications	2018, Editorial Department of Control Theory & Applications South China University of Technology. All right reserved.More and more control elements are incorporated into a single system by the information technology such as internet of things. Consequently, the scale of a control system increases quickly, and the control specification becomes more and more complicated. Any logic mistake that violates a given control specification may lead to a serious industrial failure and even security issue. Besides, there is a"state space explosion"for discrete event systems. These make a challenge for designing and debugging programs running in programmable logic controllers (PLCs) or field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). The supervisory control theory of discrete event systems is to implement a given complicated logic specification by formal methods. The specification such as interlock, sequence, mutual exclusion, and language is expressed by a Petri net or automata. It is in turn translated into codes that can be executed by a PLC or FPGA. This paper surveys these formal methods for synthesis of logical controller, which are to shorten the costed time for control programs, to ease the reuse of them, and to increase the safety and reliability of them.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete event systems,Field programmable gate array,Programmable logic controller,Supervisory control
A Simulation Platform for Combined Rail/Road Transport in Multiyards Intermodal Terminals	2018	Journal of Advanced Transportation	2018 Xuchao Chen et al.With the rapid development of multiyards railway intermodal terminal (MYRIT) construction in China, performance evaluation has become an important issue for terminal design and management departments. Due to the complexity of the multiyards terminal and the associated rail network, the train moving process and related terminal operations have become more complicated compared with the traditional intermodal container terminal. However, in general simulation platforms, the train moving process is simplified and train route scheduling rules are not considered in existing simulation models. In order to provide an accurate and comprehensive quantitative evaluation tool for MYRIT, a simulation platform based on the Timed Petri Net model has been developed, which can offer decision support for terminal design and management departments. In this platform, a yards and facilities layout module has been created to give simulation users access to designing the railway network on this platform. And a train route dispatching simulation method has been integrated to provide an accurate simulation of the train moving process. Based on a real case of Qianchang railway intermodal terminal that is located in Fujian Province, China, the platform is thoroughly validated against historical data. And the test scenarios show that train routes arrangement and handling equipment configuration both have a significant influence on overall terminal performance, which need to be carefully considered during terminal design and management.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Automotive Engineering,Economics and Econometrics,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management	None
CNLoc: Channel state information assisted indoor WLAN localization using nomadic access points	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	IFIP International Federation for Information Processing 2018.Wireless local area network (WLAN) based indoor localization is expanding its fast-paced adoption to facilitate a variety of indoor location-based services (ILBS). Unfortunately, the performance of current WLAN localization systems relying on fixed access points (APs) deployment is constrained by the spatial localizability variance (SLV) problem that different locations may exhibit significantly distinct localization resolution. Prior approaches tackle this problem through nomadic APs with favorable mobility to dynamically adjust the network topology. However, the lack of prior knowledge of nomadic AP’s position has been a challenge for location distinction and will lead to prohibitive performance degradation. In this paper, we propose and develop CNLoc, a novel CSI-based (Channel State Information) indoor WLAN localization framework to overcome the location uncertainty of nomadic APs. Our implementation and evaluation show that CNLoc can improve the accuracy with unknown location information of nomadic APs. We also discuss some open issues and new possibilities in future nomadic AP based indoor localization.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	CSI,Mobility,RSS,WLAN
Real-time path planning module for autonomous vehicles in cluttered environment using a 3D camera	2018	International Journal of Vehicle Autonomous Systems	Copyright  2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper is concerned with the real-time path planning of AGVs in a cluttered environment. In order to perform real-time operations with limited processing resources, an efficient path-planning algorithm and identification of the obstacles by a single sensor are presented. For an AGV, path planning in a cluttered environment is a challenging task owing to its lack of information about the surroundings and its need to re-plan its path quickly whenever it senses obstacles nearby. Therefore, an efficient path-planning algorithm that offers an AGV sufficient time to re-plan its path to avoid moving obstacles is proposed and, to measure its computational efficacy, its time complexity is considered. In real-time experimentation of autonomous path-planning, AGV relies completely on perception system to sense the immediate environment and avoid obstacles when it traverses towards the goal. As the Time-of-Flight (ToF)-based PMD (Photonic Mixer Device) three dimensional (3D) sensor can provide range and intensity data at low computational cost, it is utilised as a single proprioceptive sensor to detect static and dynamic obstacles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	2	Automotive Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3D ToF camera,Graph search algorithm,Path planning,PMD camera,Scene flow
Development of electrohydraulic steering control system for tractor automatic navigation	2018	Journal of Electrical and Computer Engineering	2018 Chengqiang Yin et al.The most of tractors employed in agriculture are equipped with an electrohydraulic actuator to implement steering control to realize automatic navigation. Electrohydraulic steering system plays an important role in realizing accurate steering control for an automatic navigation tractor because of its complicated characteristics. The objective of this paper is to develop an electrohydraulic steering control system used for automatically guided agricultural tractors. As for the identified electrohydraulic steering system model, a modified Smith control structure was discussed. Based on the structure, an improved design method for voltage servo controller and disturbance rejection controller was proposed to enhance the performance of the steering control subsystem. The effectiveness and the superiority of the proposed method were verified by simulation under Matlab. Simulation results demonstrated the efficiency of the proposed method by showing fast response, control accuracy, and robust performance for the steering control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Signal Processing,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Shipborne anti-collision sounding system optimization based on ACT algorithm and Internet of things	2018	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2018 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.For the current shipborne anti-collision sounding system, when multiple detection signals are transmitted, it is difficult to avoid collision with each other. In addition, there are shortcomings of insufficient energy consumption, low sounding precision, and slow response. To address this problem, a shipborne anti-collision sounding system based on ACT algorithm and Internet of things is designed in this paper. With ZigBee wireless communication technology and embedded technology, the function of anti-collision and sounding is realized by modular design. For the problem of the signal collision of each node of the wireless network, the ACT algorithm is introduced for system optimization to prevent signals from conflict when receiving, and ensure the synchronization and accuracy of the whole system. STM32F103 VET6 embedded chip is used as the control core of the system. CC2530 is responsible for the implementation of ZigBee wireless network communication. Experimental results show that the designed system has the advantages of low energy consumption, fast response, and high precision.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	ACT algorithm,anti-collision system,internet of things,shipborne,sounding optimization
Safety Interlocking as a Distributed Mutual Exclusion Problem	2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2018, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In several large scale systems (e.g. robotic plants or transportation systems) safety is guaranteed by granting to some process or physical object an exclusive access to a particular set of physical areas or objects before starting its own action: some mechanism should in this case interlock the action of the former with the availability of the latter. A typical example is the railway interlocking problem, in which a train is granted the authorisation to move only if the tracks in front of the train are free. Although centralised control solutions have been implemented since decades, the current quest for autonomy and the possibility of distributing computational elements without wired connection for communication or energy supply has raised the interest in distributed solutions, that have to take into account the physical topology of the controlled areas and guarantee the same level of safety. In this paper the interlocking problem is formalised as a particular class of distributed mutual exclusion problems, addressing simultaneous locking of a pool of distributed objects, focusing on the formalisation and verification of the required safety properties. A family of distributed algorithms solving this problem is envisioned, with variants related to where the data defining the pool’s topology reside, and to how such data rules the communication between nodes. The different variants are exemplified with references to different distributed railway interlocking algorithms proposed in the literature. A final discussion is devoted to the steps needed to convert the proposed definitions into a generic plug-and-play safety-certified solution.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Sensor Fusion for Tour-Guide Robot Localization	2018	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Doris, the social robot girl, is under development to be employed in museums and trade fairs as a tour guide. External sensorial information must be inputted so that Doris moves around each new location by using landmark identification points that can improve the real localization of the robot in combination with an extended Kalman filter. Doris is equipped with a semantic map that contains several information points such as the building structure, sites that the robot must pass, features (obstacles) of the built environment, and landmark locations. Three additional sensors were installed on Doris: A laser range finder LMS-200, an omnidirectional Mobotix C25 camera, and an RFID system Speedway Revolution 220 by Impinj. The use of these sensors implies the use of different types of landmarks: 35-cm-high circular landmarks, placed on the ground and covered with a reflective laser-detectable material; markers similar to QR codes placed at 250 cm above the ground level that the omnidirectional camera can identify; and RFID detectable dogbone antennas. One contribution is to prove a simple methodology of localization by using sensor fusion with a semantic map, without mapping the whole environment by creating a point cloud map and without using the SLAM technique. Additionally, another contribution for the research is to define a good methodology for a precise sensors calibration. The initial results showed that each sensor functions efficiently, when using only the laser and the camera, due to the low accuracy of the RFID system alone. The final results show the behavior of the robot localization in the presence of people and different objects when both sensors are working at the same time. Occlusions may affect the reflective landmarks or visual markers. Therefore, the sensor fusion is implemented to achieve better robustness in the location estimation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	4	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	extended Kalman filter,indoor localization,laser localization,RFID localization,sensor fusion,social robotics,State estimation,visual localization
Coupling-independent capacitive wireless power transfer using frequency bifurcation	2018	Energies	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Capacitive wireless power transfer can be realized by mutually coupled capacitors operating at a common resonant frequency. An optimal load exists that maximizes either the efficiency or the power transfer to the load. In this work, we utilize the frequency bifurcation effect to propose a frequency agile mode that allows for a nearly coupling-independent regime. We analytically determine the operating conditions of the coupling-independent mode based on the different system gains. In this way, we obtain a solution that achieves nearly constant efficiency and power transfer, even at varying coupling. We compare our results to inductive wireless power transfer where a perfect coupling-independent mode is achievable.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	1	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Capacitive wireless power transfer,Coupling factor,Frequency bifurcation,Resonance,Wireless power transfer
FPGA implementation of improved ant colony optimization algorithm based on pheromone diffusion mechanism for path planning	2018	Journal of Marine Science and Technology (Taiwan)	National Taiwan Ocean University. All rights reserved.An improved ant colony optimization (ACO) algorithm is proposed in this paper for improving the accuracy of path planning. The main idea of this paper is to avoid local minima by continuously tuning a setting parameter and the establishment of novel mechanisms by means of partial pheromone updating and opposite pheromone updating. As a result, the global search of the proposed ACO algorithm can be significantly enhanced to derive an optimal path compared to the conventional ACO algorithm. The simulation results of the proposed approach perform better in terms of the short distance, mean distance, and success rate towards optimal paths. To further reduce the computation time, the proposed ACO algorithm for path planning is realized on a FPGA chip to verify its practicalities. Experimental results indicate that the efficiency of the path planning is considerably improved by the hardware design for embedded applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Oceanography,Ocean Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Ant colony optimization (ACO),Field-programmable gate array (FPGA),Global path planning,Pheromone diffusion mechanism
Autonomous robot-guided inspection system based on offline programming and RGB-D model	2018	Sensors (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors.Automatic optical inspection (AOI) is a control process for precisely evaluating the completeness and quality of manufactured products with the help of visual information. Automatic optical inspection systems include cameras, light sources, and objects; AOI requires expert operators and time-consuming setup processes. In this study, a novel autonomous industrial robot-guided inspection system was hypothesized and developed to expedite and ease inspection process development. The developed platform is an intuitive and interactive system that does not require a physical object to test or an industrial robot; this allows nonexpert operators to perform object inspection planning by only using scanned data. The proposed system comprises an offline programming (OLP) platform and three-dimensional/two-dimensional (3D/2D) vision module. A robot program generated from the OLP platform is mapped to an industrial manipulator to scan a 3D point-cloud model of an object by using a laser triangulation sensor. After a reconstructed 3D model is aligned with a computer-aided design model on a common coordinate system, the OLP platform allows users to efficiently fine-tune the required inspection positions on the basis of the rendered images. The arranged inspection positions can be directed to an industrial manipulator on a production line to capture real images by using the corresponding 2D camera/lens setup for AOI tasks. This innovative system can be implemented in smart factories, which are easily manageable from multiple locations. Workers can save scanned data when new inspection positions are included based on cloud data. The present system provides a new direction to cloud-based manufacturing industries and maximizes the flexibility and efficiency of the AOI setup process to increase productivity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3D reconstruction,Automatic optical inspection (AOI),Autonomous inspection system,Image rendering,Manipulator,Offline programming (OLP),RGB-D model
Virtual power plant communication system architecture	2018	Smart Power Distribution Systems: Control, Communication, and Optimization	2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.Virtual power plant (VPP) technology aggregates geographically distributed energy resources enabling the management of flexible capacity in the power network on a large scale while implementing local grid constrains. In the smart grid concept, electricity generation and consumption requires the efficient, reliable, and real-time coordination of demand and supply using modern information and communication technologies (ICTs). VPPs enable the inclusion of distributed energy resources into ancillary service provision, typically for load-frequency control. Ancillary services demand reliable communication systems for the exchange of relevant information. This chapter investigates the communication system architecture of VPPs, giving an overview of current communication technologies and communication protocols, which are illustrated with relevant information from selected pilot studies and real deployments. We focus on downstream communication between the VPP and distributed energy resources, and on upstream communication between the VPP, transmission system operator, distribution system operator, electricity market, and retailers. Monitoring quality of service (QoS) parameters enable insights into communication system performance and enable VPP optimization by selecting the most reliable resources for particular services.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Slovenia	7	Engineering (all)	Ancillary services,Communication system architecture,Information and communication technologies,Quality of service,Smart grid,Virtual power plant
Cyber-Physical Production Testbed: Literature Review and Concept Development	2018	Procedia Manufacturing	2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.Many researchers use virtual and simulation-based testbed technology for research in production and maintenance optimization. Although, the virtual environment produces good results, it cannot imitate the unexpected changes that occur in actual production. There are very few physical testbeds emulating actual production environment. The aim of this paper is to present a concept of a cyber-physical production testbed based on review of Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) testbeds in research. The testbed consists of a semi-automatic production line equipped with system monitoring tools, data analysis capabilities and commercial software. This testbed will be used for demonstration of data acquisition for production and maintenance prioritization. Additionally, the testbed will be used for research in IoT platforms for production optimization.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	4	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	CPPS-Testbed,Cyber-Physical Systems,Industry 40,Production,Smart Manufacturing
Exploiting the use of cooperation in self-organizing reliable multiagent systems	2018	Computing and Informatics	2018 Slovak Academy of Sciences. Ltd.All Rights Reserved.In this paper, a novel and cooperative approach is exploited introducing a self-organizing engine to achieve high reliability and availability in multiagent systems. The Adaptive Multiagent Systems theory is applied to design adaptive groups of agents in order to build reliable multiagent systems. According to this theory, adaptiveness is achieved via the cooperative behaviors of agents and their ability to change the communication links autonomously. In this approach, there is not a centralized control mechanism in the multiagent system and there is no need of global knowledge of the system to achieve reliability. This approach was implemented to demonstrate its performance gain in a set of experiments performed under different operating conditions. The experimental results illustrate the effectiveness of this approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Adaptive systems,Autonomous agents,Availability,Redundancy,Software reliability
A state-of-the-art study of cloud manufacturing	2018	International Journal of Engineering and Technology(UAE)	2018 Authors.There is a considerable industrial standard transfer. This will drive to the adaptable usage of various globally shared, emerging within the manufacturing field by Combining advanced manufacturing models such as the Internet of things, cloud computing, service-oriented technologies, big data, and recently Cloud Manufacturing. Cloud manufacturing a program is a combined program that empowers manufacturers to distribute sources contribute manufacturing services and including supports compatible cooperation. Economically significantources, such as the manufacture of software tools, importance, knowledge, and manufacturing capacity, and material, then become available to supposed users on a global basis, the principal benefits and difficulties of achieving cloud manufacturing are analyzed. the key New technologies for manufacturing model, is cloud manufacturing, cloud manufacturing aims to achieve full participation, free of charge, And easy for utilization of various sources and manufacturing abilities in the form of manufacturing setting. This paper contributes an overview of the cloud manufacturing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Biotechnology,Computer Science (miscellaneous),Environmental Engineering,Chemical Engineering (all),Engineering (all),Hardware and Architecture	Cloud computing,Cloud manufacturing,Distributed resources,Manufacturing cloud service
Adaptability analysis of complex supply chain networks	2018	Proceedings of the 31st International Business Information Management Association Conference, IBIMA 2018: Innovation Management and Education Excellence through Vision 2020	2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Uncertainty and fluctuation of operating environments are known in affecting supply chain operational performance. Factories and suppliers are encouraged to make their supply chain more flexible and adaptive to cope with varying operating environments, potential demand, and source fluctuation. Supply chain networks are often interconnected in a dimensional way inherently from raw material to customer satisfaction. This poses a grand challenge for supply chain managers to analyze and evaluate the adaptability and flexibility of such a complex supply chain network. The primary objective of this paper is to gain an understanding of the issues surrounding adaptability in supply chain management. This paper presents a novel model to quantify and measure the adaptability of supply chain networks. The model would help managers in adaptability analysis for dynamic supply chain network.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Saudi Arabia	0	Information Systems and Management,Management Information Systems	SCN Evaluation,SCN performance,Uncertainty
Advances in CMOS SPAD sensors for LIDAR applications	2018	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2018 SPIE.Single-Photon Avalanche Diode (SPAD) sensors are one of the detectors of choice in LIDAR applications, due to their high sensitivity and time resolution. Traditionally, single-point SPAD detectors have been used, necessitating optical scanning, and hence leading to slower acquisition times. However, recent advances in SPAD technology have yielded high pixel count imagers. In these sensors, high sensitivity is ensured by maximising the photo-sensitive area of the device, whilst time-resolved capability is offered by the time stamping of photon detections and/or a programmable timegate synced to the laser source. The resulting sensors show an exciting promise for LIDAR, especially in challenging, low-light, high-speed applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	LIDAR,Photon counting image sensor,Single-photon avalanche diode,Time-of-flight imaging
Non-dominated sorting biogeography-based optimization for bi-objective reentrant flexible manufacturing system scheduling	2018	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2017Scheduling in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) is described as an NP-Hard problem. Its complexity has increased significantly in line with the development of FMS over the past years. This paper presents a non-dominated sorting biogeography-based optimization (NSBBO) for scheduling problem of FMS having multi loading-unloading and shortcuts infused in the reentrant characteristics. This model is formulated to identify the near optimal trade-off solutions capable of addressing the bi-objectives of minimization of makespan and total earliness. The goal is to simultaneously determine the best machine assignment and job sequencing to satisfy both objectives. We propose the development of NSBBO by substituting the standard linear function of emigration-immigration rate with three approaches based on sinusoidal, quadratic and trapezoidal models. A selection of test problems was examined to analyze the effectiveness, efficiency and diversity levels of the proposed approaches as compared to standard NSBBO and NSGA-II. The results have shown that the NSBBO-trapezoidal model performed favorably and is comparable to current existing models. We conclude that the developed NSBBO and its variants are suitable alternative methods to achieve the bi-objective satisfaction of reentrant FMS scheduling problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	9	Software	Bi-objective FMS scheduling,Earliness,Makespan,Migration models,Non-dominated sorting biogeography-based optimization (NSBBO)
Distributed approaches to motion control of multiple robots via discrete event systems	2018	Kongzhi Lilun Yu Yingyong/Control Theory and Applications	2018, Editorial Department of Control Theory & Applications South China University of Technology. All right reserved.Classical motion control of multi-robot systems is dependent on the dynamic or kinematic equations, where the input control signals for robots are obtained by solving a set of differential equations. With the increase of the number of robots in a system and the more complexity of environment, it is hard to describe the behavior of robots exactly by only applying the dynamic equations and cannot deal well with some logical problems, such as deadlocks. This paper summarizes the state-of-the-art motion control technologies, especially emphasizes our research work with regard to the application of discrete event systems (DESs) on the motion control of multi-robot systems. The motivations are as follows. 1) DES-based motion control can deal with the logical problems, such as deadlocks, during the evolution of the system. First, use the DES models to formalize the motion of a multi-robot system; this can reduce the computation complexity. Second, based on the DES models, design distributed safe control algorithms for robots to avoid collisions and deadlocks, as well as guarantee that they can move independently; design distributed robust control algorithms such that the failures of robots have the least detrimental effect on the system. 2) DES-based motion control can be combined with the kinematic equation-based motion control such that the system can not only resolve high-level logical problems but also determine the input signals of the actuators of robots.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete event systems,Distributed algorithms,Motion control,Multi-robot systems
Energy recovery strategy numerical simulation for dual axle drive pure electric vehicle based on motor loss model and big data calculation	2018	Complexity	Copyright  2018 Huiyuan Xiong et al.Aiming at the braking energy feedback control in the optimal energy recovery of the two-motor dual-axis drive electric vehicle (EV), the efficiency numerical simulation model based on the permanent magnet synchronous motor loss was established. At the same time, under different speed and braking conditions, based on maximum recovery efficiency and data calculation of motor system, the optimization motor braking torque distribution model was established. Thus, the distribution rule of the power optimization for the front and rear electric mechanism was obtained. This paper takes the Economic Commission of Europe (ECE) braking safety regulation as the constraint condition, and finally, a new regenerative braking torque distribution strategy numerical simulation was developed. The simulation model of Simulink and CarSim was established based on the simulation object. The numerical simulation results show that under the proposed strategy, the average utilization efficiency of the motor system is increased by 3.24% compared with the I based braking force distribution strategy. Moreover, it is 9.95% higher than the maximum braking energy recovery strategy of the front axle. Finally, through the driving behavior of the driver obtained from the big data platform, we analyze how the automobile braking force matches with the driver’s driving behavior. It also analyzes how the automobile braking force matches the energy recovery efficiency. The research results in this paper provide a reference for the future calculation of braking force feedback control system based on big data of new energy vehicles. It also provides a reference for the modeling of brake feedback control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	80	Computer Science (all),Multidisciplinary	None
Modeling and Analysis for Mobile Computing Systems Based on Petri Nets: A Survey	2018	IEEE Access	2018 IEEE.Mobile computing systems have generated many concerns. Numerous studies have been performed to model and analyze these systems. This paper focuses on the existing modeling and corresponding analyses methods for mobile computing systems based on formal methods, particularly Petri nets. First, this paper refines the characteristics of mobile computing systems into the three dimensions of concurrency, interaction, and mobility and presents several existing formal methods for each dimension. Second, the existing methods for mobile computing systems based on Petri nets are investigated and divided into two categories: models with fixed structures and models with variable structures. To reflect the mobility and dynamic interactions in systems, the former introduces the hierarchy and some special labels, whereas the latter introduces the dynamic structure (concept) to Petri nets. A model of each method is constructed for a single example system, and a detailed discussion and comparison of all discussed methods are provided in terms of their capabilities and related analysis techniques. Finally, ideas are introduced for future directions of modeling and analysis research of mobile computing systems based on Petri nets. This paper provides a comprehensive review of models and analysis techniques for mobile computing systems based on formal methods, especially Petri nets.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Formal modeling,mobile computing system,mobility,Petri nets
Sensors for mechatronics	2018	Sensors for Mechatronics	2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.Sensors for Mechatronics, Second Edition, offers an overview of the sensors and sensor systems required and applied in mechatronics. Emphasis lies on the physical background of the operating principles that is illustrated with examples of commercially available sensors and recent developments. Chapters discuss the general aspects of sensors, with a special section on quantities, notations and relations. In addition, the book includes a section devoted to sensor errors and error minimization that apply to most of the sensors discussed. Each subsequent chapter deals with one class of sensors, pursuing a classification according to physical principles rather than measurands. Categories discussed include resistive, capacitive, inductive and magnetic, optical, piezoelectric and acoustic sensors. For each category of sensors, a number of applications is given. Where appropriate, a section is added on the interfacing of the sensor.	Book	b	bk	Book	Netherlands	4	Engineering (all)	None
Planning of truck platoons: A literature review and directions for future research	2018	Transportation Research Part B: Methodological	2017 Elsevier LtdA truck platoon is a set of virtually linked trucks that drive closely behind one another using automated driving technology. Benefits of truck platooning include cost savings, reduced emissions, and more efficient use of road capacity. To fully reap these benefits in the initial phases of technology deployment, careful planning of platoons based on trucks’ itineraries and time schedules is required. This paper provides a framework to classify various new transportation planning problems that arise in truck platooning, surveys relevant operations research models for these problems in the literature and identifies directions for future research.	Journal	j	re	Review	Netherlands	46	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Automated driving,Optimization,Review paper,Transportation,Truck platooning
Internet of things enabled manufacturing: A review	2018	International Journal of Agile Systems and Management	Copyright  2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Internet of things (IoT) plays an important role in the manufacturing sector, allowing objects to be sensed and/or controlled remotely across existing network infrastructure, creating opportunities for more direct integration of the physical world into computer-based systems, and therefore resulting in improved efficiency, accuracy and economic benefit in addition to reduced human intervention. With the world-wide spread of Industry 4.0, IoT-enabled manufacturing is now one of the key supports to smart factory, intelligent automation, and real-time adaptive decision-makings. This paper comprehensively reviews related technologies and world-wide movements so that insights and lessons could be useful for academia and practitioners when contemplating IoT technologies for upgrading and transforming traditional manufacturing into an new future in the context of Industry 4.0.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	16	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Multidisciplinary	CPS,Cyber-physical systems,Industry 4.0,Internet of things,IoT,Manufacturing,Review
Recent Research Trends in Genetic Algorithm Based Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problems	2018	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2018 Muhammad Kamal Amjad et al.Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problem (FJSSP) is an extension of the classical Job Shop Scheduling Problem (JSSP). The FJSSP is known to be NP-hard problem with regard to optimization and it is very difficult to find reasonably accurate solutions of the problem instances in a rational time. Extensive research has been carried out in this area especially over the span of the last 20 years in which the hybrid approaches involving Genetic Algorithm (GA) have gained the most popularity. Keeping in view this aspect, this article presents a comprehensive literature review of the FJSSPs solved using the GA. The survey is further extended by the inclusion of the hybrid GA (hGA) techniques used in the solution of the problem. This review will give readers an insight into use of certain parameters in their future research along with future research directions.	Journal	j	re	Review	Pakistan	22	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Research and development in agricultural robotics: A perspective of digital farming	2018	International Journal of Agricultural and Biological Engineering	2018, Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All rights reserved.Digital farming is the practice of modern technologies such as sensors, robotics, and data analysis for shifting from tedious operations to continuously automated processes. This paper reviews some of the latest achievements in agricultural robotics, specifically those that are used for autonomous weed control, field scouting, and harvesting. Object identification, task planning algorithms, digitalization and optimization of sensors are highlighted as some of the facing challenges in the context of digital farming. The concepts of multi-robots, human-robot collaboration, and environment reconstruction from aerial images and ground-based sensors for the creation of virtual farms were highlighted as some of the gateways of digital farming. It was shown that one of the trends and research focuses in agricultural field robotics is towards building a swarm of small scale robots and drones that collaborate together to optimize farming inputs and reveal denied or concealed information. For the case of robotic harvesting, an autonomous framework with several simple axis manipulators can be faster and more efficient than the currently adapted professional expensive manipulators. While robots are becoming the inseparable parts of the modern farms, our conclusion is that it is not realistic to expect an entirely automated farming system in the future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	49	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Engineering (all)	Agricultural robotics,Digital agriculture,Multi-robots,Precision agriculture,Simulation software,Virtual orchards
