Model-based cell clustering and population tracking for time-series flow cytometry data	2019	BMC Bioinformatics	2019 The Author(s).Background: Modern flow cytometry technology has enabled the simultaneous analysis of multiple cell markers at the single-cell level, and it is widely used in a broad field of research. The detection of cell populations in flow cytometry data has long been dependent on "manual gating" by visual inspection. Recently, numerous software have been developed for automatic, computationally guided detection of cell populations; however, they are not designed for time-series flow cytometry data. Time-series flow cytometry data are indispensable for investigating the dynamics of cell populations that could not be elucidated by static time-point analysis. Therefore, there is a great need for tools to systematically analyze time-series flow cytometry data. Results: We propose a simple and efficient statistical framework, named CYBERTRACK (CYtometry-Based Estimation and Reasoning for TRACKing cell populations), to perform clustering and cell population tracking for time-series flow cytometry data. CYBERTRACK assumes that flow cytometry data are generated from a multivariate Gaussian mixture distribution with its mixture proportion at the current time dependent on that at a previous timepoint. Using simulation data, we evaluate the performance of CYBERTRACK when estimating parameters for a multivariate Gaussian mixture distribution, tracking time-dependent transitions of mixture proportions, and detecting change-points in the overall mixture proportion. The CYBERTRACK performance is validated using two real flow cytometry datasets, which demonstrate that the population dynamics detected by CYBERTRACK are consistent with our prior knowledge of lymphocyte behavior. Conclusions: Our results indicate that CYBERTRACK offers better understandings of time-dependent cell population dynamics to cytometry users by systematically analyzing time-series flow cytometry data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Structural Biology,Biochemistry,Molecular Biology,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Baysian inference,Flow cytometry,Time-series,Topic model
Wheel design and motion analysis of a new heavy-duty AGV in aircraft assembly lines	2019	Assembly Automation	2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: The flexible automatic transportation and manual assembly jobs for large aircraft components demand an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system with heavy-duty capacity and omnidirectional movability. This paper aims to propose a four driving-steering wheels-four supporting-steering wheels (4DSW-4SSW) layout plan to enhance the controllability and moving stability of AGV. Design/methodology/approach: The anti-vibration structure of DS wheels and high-torque steering mechanism of SS wheels with tapered rolling bearings are rigorously designed to meet the functional requirements. Based on the specific wheel layout and vehicle dynamics, the rotational kinematic model as well as the straight and rotational dynamic models of AGV are established by the authors. To well verify the motion characteristics of wheels under heavy load in three motion states including straight motion, self-rotation and rotation around a certain point, the simulations in ADAMS and factory experiments have all been conducted. Findings: Simulation results indicate that normal and friction forces of DS wheels and SS wheels are very stable except for some small oscillations, which are caused by non-center load distribution on AGV. Experimental results on driving speed of AGV have directly demonstrated that its positioning accuracy is enough for use in real aircraft assembly lines. Practical implications: The designed AGV system has been applied to the final assembly line of a certain aircraft in Aviation Industry Corporation of China, Ltd, whose assembly efficiency and flexibility have been significantly improved. Originality/value: A new layout plan of wheels for an omnidirectional heavy-duty AGV is proposed, which enhances the operating and moving capacity of AGV. A function of human-machine collaboration is also offered by the AGV for transporting large workpieces intelligently and economically in aerospace and other heavy industries.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	4DSW-4SSW design,Aircraft assembly line,Heavy-duty AGV,Motion characteristic modelling,Multi-body dynamics simulation,Omnidirectional movement
Straddle carrier routing at seaport container terminals in the presence of short term quay crane buffer areas	2019	European Journal of Operational Research	2019 Elsevier B.V.We address an optimization problem that arises at seaports where containers are transported between stacking areas and small buffer areas of restricted capacity that are located within the reach of quay cranes. The containers are transported by straddle carriers that have to be routed such that given unloading and loading sequences of the containers at the quay cranes are respected. The objective is to minimize the turnaround times of the vessels. We analyze the problem's computational complexity, present an integer program, and propose a heuristic framework that is based on decomposing the problem into its routing component and a component that handles the time variables and buffer capacities. The framework is analyzed in computational tests that are based on real-world data. Based on these tests, we analyze the question of whether or not it pays off to deviate from the approach of permanently assigning a fixed number of straddle carriers to each quay crane, which is the strategy that is currently implemented at the port.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Container logistics,Scheduling,Seaport logistics,Vehicle dispatching,Vehicle routing
The design of AGV's dynamic wireless power transmission power supply based on Adaptive Weight Value Multi-objective Genetic Algorithm	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.AGV is the application of modern factory intelligence and automation. With the development of wireless power transmission (WPT), its transmission efficiency and stability are getting higher and higher. However, from static charging to dynamic power supply, the cost of technology implementation has increased significantly. This paper proposed a method to supply power to logistics AGV by intermittent segment, established the binary coverage model according to the power coverage distance, and designed an Adaptive Weight Value Multi-objective Genetic Algorithm (AWVMOGA) for this model to Optimizing the path design of sectional power supply. The influence of three weight value adaptive methods on the optimization results is analyzed, the effectiveness of the proposed method is analyzed and verified through case simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Adaptive binarization of QR code images for fast automatic sorting in warehouse systems	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.As the fundamental element of the Internet of Things, the QR code has become increasingly crucial for connecting online and offline services. Concerning e-commerce and logistics, we mainly focus on how to identify QR codes quickly and accurately. An adaptive binarization approach is proposed to solve the problem of uneven illumination in warehouse automatic sorting systems. Guided by cognitive modeling, we adaptively select the block window of the QR code for robust binarization under uneven illumination. The proposed method can eliminate the impact of uneven illumination of QR codes effectively whilst meeting the real-time needs in the automatic warehouse sorting. Experimental results have demonstrated the superiority of the proposed approach when benchmarked with several state-of-the-art methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive binarization,Automatic sorting system,QR code,Uneven illumination
Dynamic scheduling model of intelligent rail-guided vehicles based on dynamic programming	2019	Proceedings - 2019 International Conference on Intelligent Computing, Automation and Systems, ICICAS 2019	2019 IEEE.Rail-guided vehicles (RGVs) is widely used in logistics production processes to process Computer number controllers (CNCs). How to use RGV with maximum efficiency is an urgent problem to be solved. The objective of this paper is to establish and evaluate the RGVs scheduling strategies of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). To tackle this problem, this paper comprehensively uses the enumeration method, traversal search, state transition judgment, global optimization and computer simulation, based on dynamic programming model, to establish an RGV dynamic scheduling model. Then we establish an algorithm to solve the model. Data-based computer simulations are used to test the proposed model. The experimental results show that the model has good practicability and the algorithm is effective.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization	Dynamic programming model,Global optimization,RGV scheduling
AGV multi-objective path planning method based on improved cuckoo algorithm	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 4th Advanced Information Technology, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IAEAC 2019	2019 IEEE.In order to save time and reduce the energy loss of the AGV when transporting the objects, the discrete cuckoo algorithm is used to solve the path planning problem of multi targets points. Firstly, the cuckoo algorithm is applied to the path planning of the AGV single target point based on the grip map, and the optimal path of the AGV to each object and the optimal path of each object to the specified position are obtained. Secondly, discretizing the cuckoo algorithm, and in the process of discretization, multiple operators such as reverse sequence, insertion, substitution and double bridge are combined into different neighborhood structures, which will used to find the optimal solution through Levi flight mechanism. Finally, the discrete cuckoo algorithm is used to generate the global optimal path for AGV to transport multiple objects. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm successfully solves the multi-target point path planning problem of AGV. Compared with other algorithms, the proposed algorithm can avoid partial optimality and achieve fast convergence speed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	automated guided vehicle,cuckoo algorithm,grid map,path planning
A Reusable Scheduling Problem Decomposition Framework for Smart Factories	2019	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2019 IEEE.In most scheduling problems, such as plant and supply chain problems, the linkages between resources, and operations are often clearly demarcated due to their lateral, sequential nature. In comparison, the combinatorial nature, arising from the inherent network structure of a flexible manufacturing system problem causes the associated jobs, automated guided vehicles and job shops to be intermeshed topologically and temporally. The temporal and spatial network structure impedes direct application of conventional decomposition approaches. In this study, a reusable scheduling problem decomposition framework for Industry 4.0 that facilitates agent embedded optimization is being proposed. Modularity is enabled when each agent and its respective governed resource or resource group is replaceable by one that is similar in functionality, but possibly of a different layout. This schema is attractive to potential schedulers as the plug-and-play nature of resources, via modularity, optimizes user friendliness via minimal customizations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Agent embedded optimization,FMS,Industry 4.0,Integer programming,Problem decomposition,Scheduling
Task Selection by Autonomous Mobile Robots in A Warehouse Using Deep Reinforcement Learning	2019	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2019 IEEE.We introduce a deep Q-network (DQN) based model that addresses the dispatching and routing problems for autonomous mobile robots. The DQN model is trained to dispatch a small fleet of robots to perform material handling tasks in a virtual, as well as, in an actual warehouse environment. Specifically, the DQN model is trained to dispatch an available robot to the closest task that will avoid or minimize encounters with other robots. Based on a discrete event simulation experiment, the DQN model outperforms the shortest travel distance rule in terms of avoiding traffic conflicts, improving the makespan for completing a set of tasks, and reducing the mean time in system for tasks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
A quantitative study of tuning ROS adaptive monte carlo localization parameters and their effect on an AGV localization	2019	2019 19th International Conference on Advanced Robotics, ICAR 2019	2019 IEEE.One key aspect of the use of Automated Guided Vehicles in an industrial environment is its localization effectiveness. Among the existing techniques, the use of a laser scanner stands out. Besides, the Adaptive Monte Carlo Localization algorithm has become a reference in academic research. Despite many works use the AMCL package, they do not fully discuss the effect of the parameters change on the algorithm response and its tuning. This work aims to examine the distinct influence of each tested parameter in AGV localization. We performed the experiments in the same environment, and the AGV ran the same path to enable comparison against the parameters variation. For the 7 parameters tested, the results show the relationship between the package parameters and the localization response behavior. Although the article does not aim to propose the best parameter tuning, the results show the direction to follow in values adjusting.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	None
Multi-robot Task Planning Based on Improved Distributed Auction Algorithms	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 4th Advanced Information Technology, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IAEAC 2019	2019 IEEE.Distributed decision-making is one of the key methods to improve the autonomy of multi-robots. Based on Automated guided vehicle (AGV) task allocation, this paper establishes a distributed task allocation model considering local communication, AGV power consumption and path conflict-free. The continuous and discrete task space is quantitatively described by Bayesian theorem. Finally, numerical simulation is carried out to verify the feasibility of the proposed algorithm in solving multi-task allocation problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	Auction algorithm,coherence and coordination,distributed decision making,multi-robot system
Industrial application based on edge computing: AGV control system 基于边缘计算的工业应用: 自动导引小车控制系统	2019	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2019, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.Nowadays, most of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems adopt cloud computing-based network framework, which has a poor performance in real time. The tasks requiring high real-time such as obstacle avoidance, path planning and obstacle identification cannot response timely cause of the large time delay. For this reason, a multi-AGV control system including cloud, edge, and device three layers was developed based on edge computing. To reduce the latency of task process and improve real-time performance, the real time tasks were deployed in edge nodes that near the AGVs. Experiments showed that the system based on edge computing reduced the latency by 46.4%~58.8% compared with that based on cloud computing framework when performing the same tasks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Edge computing,Internet of things,Logistics system
An agent-based simulation approach to model hospital logistics	2019	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	2019, DAAAM International Vienna. All rights reserved.The increasing rate of hospital admissions has resulted in a commensurate increase in the number of treatments and surgeries performed, as well as resource and material usage, and requires planners to improve hospitals’ internal logistics. Logistics modelling of internal goods and corresponding material handling systems and simulating future scenarios can provide planners with necessary decision support. Introducing an agent-based simulation model using historical data generated by an automated guided vehicle (AGV) in a case hospital facilitates analysing the goods delivery system’s current status and potential countermeasures to improve internal logistics. In comparison with other industries, such as manufacturing, AGVs utilised in hospitals have to interact with persons, patients and elevators, transport several different types of goods and cover a sizeable multi-floor area. By including these factors, the simulation model represents an appropriate method to test different scenarios and improve delivery performance and AGV utilisation. The study highlights the constraints related to operating AGVs in dynamic environments, such as those encountered in hospitals. (Received in August 2019, accepted in October 2019. This paper was with the authors 1 month for 1 revision.).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	2	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Agent-based simulation,Automated guided vehicle,Hospital logistics,Logistics,Performance analysis
The impact of load on the wheel rolling radius and slip in a small mobile platform	2019	Autonomous Robots	2019, The Author(s).Automated guided vehicles are used in a variety of applications. Their major purpose is to replace humans in onerous, monotonous and sometimes dangerous operations. Such vehicles are controlled and navigated by application-specific software. In the case of vehicles used in multiple environments and operating conditions, such as the vehicles which are the subject of this study, a reasonable approach is required when selecting the navigation system. The vehicle may travel around an enclosed hall and around an open yard. The pavement surface may be smooth or uneven. Vehicle wheels should be flexible and facilitate the isolation and absorption of vibrations in order to reduce the effect of surface unevenness to the load. Another important factor affecting the operating conditions are changes to vehicle load resulting from the distribution of the load and the weight carried. Considering all of the factors previously mentioned, the vehicle’s navigation and control system is required to meet two opposing criteria. One of them is low price and simplicity, the other is ensuring the required accuracy when following the preset route. In the course of this study, a methodology was developed and tested which aims to obtain a satisfactory compromise between those two conflicting criteria. During the study a vehicle made in Technical University of Rzeszow was used. The results of the experimental research have been analysed. The results of the analysis provided a foundation for the development of a methodology leading to a reduction in navigation errors. Movement simulations for the proposed vehicle system demonstrated the potential for a significant reduction in the number of positioning errors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	1	Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Odometry,Positioning errors,Wheel slip
Multi-objective AGV scheduling in an automatic sorting system of an unmanned (intelligent) warehouse by using two adaptive genetic algorithms and a multi-adaptive genetic algorithm	2019	PLoS ONE	2019 Liu et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.Automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a logistics transport vehicle with high safety performance and excellent availability, which can genuinely achieve unmanned operation. The use of AGV in intelligent warehouses or unmanned warehouses for sorting can improve the efficiency of warehouses and enhance the competitiveness of enterprises. In this paper, a multi-objective mathematical model was developed and integrated with two adaptive genetic algorithms (AGA) and a multi-adaptive genetic algorithm (MAGA) to optimize the task scheduling of AGVs by taking the charging task and the changeable speed of the AGV into consideration to minimize makespan, the number of AGVs used, and the amount of electricity consumption. The numerical experiments showed that MAGA is the best of the three algorithms. The value of objectives before and after optimization changed by about 30%, which proved the rationality and validity of the model and MAGA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Multidisciplinary	None
Designing flexible loop-based material handling AGV paths with cell-adjacency priorities: an efficient cutting-plane algorithm	2019	4OR	2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.Automated Guide Vehicles (AGVs) are widely used in material handling systems. In practice, to achieve more space utilization, safety, cost reduction, and increased flexibility, only a limited number of manufacturing cells may be preferred to have direct access to AGV travel paths, and the other cells are chosen to have no or indirect access to them. This paper investigates the problem of determining a single loop in a block layout with two criteria: loop length and loop-adjacency desirability. Unlike the traditional single shortest loop design problem, where all cells must be located next to the loop, the proposed problem considers a more realistic assumption that each cell in the block layout has a different preference with regard to being adjacent to the loop: some cells must be located adjacent to the loop, some must not be adjacent to the loop, and others can be located next to the loop but with different positive or negative priorities. The problem is formulated as a bi-objective integer linear programming model with two exponential-size constraint sets. A cutting-plane algorithm is proposed to solve the model under important methods commonly used to deal with a bi-objective model. The numerical results show the high efficiency of the proposed algorithm in large scales.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Management Information Systems,Theoretical Computer Science,Management Science and Operations Research,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Automated Guide Vehicles (AGVs),Facilities planning and design,Material handling,Multi-objective mathematical programming,Path planning for mobile robots,Single loop design problem
A New Mathematical Model for the Traveling Repairman Problem	2019	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2019 IEEE.We propose a new mixed-integer program for the traveling repairman problem (TRP). The model benefits from the position-based variables. We aim to utilize only available solvers for optimizing the model. We test the proposed model by solving 70 randomly generated instances, ranging from 10 to 50 vertices, from the literature by CPLEX, and comparing its solutions with those of available models from the literature. We show that our model delivers the largest number of best solutions and that in a shorter time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	cumulative cost,customer-centric routing,minimum latency problem,Mixed-integer program,routing,traveling deliveryman problem
Transfer Robot Task Scheduling in Semiconductor Manufacturing	2019	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2019 IEEE.This paper studies a simultaneous scheduling of production and material transfer in a semiconductor manufacturing. The simultaneous scheduling approach has been recently adopted by warehouse operations, wherein transbots pick up jobs and deliver to pick-machines for processing that requires a simultaneous scheduling of jobs, transbots, and machines. However, both a large proportion of literature and real-world scheduling systems in semiconductor manufacturing consider only one side of the problem. We propose the most efficient solution for job shop scheduling problem (JSP) with transbots, significantly outperforming all other benchmark approaches in the literature.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
The Marked-line Recognition Based on Network Topology Diagram Points Clustering	2019	2019 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence, SSCI 2019	2019 IEEE.Marked-line recognition is one of the important methods to realize the patrol Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) autonomous navigation. This paper will focus on a new method in marked-line recognition and it has good robustness in outdoor environment which the illumination is variation, the marked-line is partially-occluded, and the objects on the load are similar to the marked-line. Firstly, the feature points of the marked-line are extracted by using the color and contour features, and the feature points are used as vertexes to construct the network topological diagram G = (V, E). Secondly, the vertexes are clustered by using the slope and the slope change rate of the network edges, and the vertexes of each clustering are connected by polylines. Lastly, the subclasses are clustered again if the average slope and the average slope change rate of each subclass are similar. The class with the most vertexes is used to recognize marked-line. The experimental result demonstrates that the recognition accuracy is almost 100% under the variant illumination intensity and even if the marked-line with partial occlusion the recognition accuracy is about 98.5%, the experimental results show that the method has good robustness in complex outdoor environment. In addition, the method takes about 45ms and it has good real time performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation	AGV,feature point clustering,image processing,marked-line recognition
Flexible layouts for the mixed-model assembly of heterogeneous vehicles	2019	OR Spectrum	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.The increasing vehicle heterogeneity is pushing the widespread mixed-model assembly line to its limit. The paced, serial design is incapable of coping with the diversity in workloads and task requirements. As an alternative, the automotive industry has started to introduce flexible layouts for segments of the assembly. In flexible layouts, the stations are no longer arranged serially and no longer linked by a paced transportation system but by automated guided vehicles. This paper investigates the initial configuration of such systems. The flexible layout design problem (FLDP) is the problem of designing a flexible layout for a segment of the assembly of heterogeneous vehicles. It comprises an integrated station formation and station location problem. Moreover, the FLDP anticipates the operational flow allocation of the automated guided vehicles. We formalize the FLDP in a mixed-integer linear program and develop a decomposition-based solution approach that can optimally solve small- to mid-sized instances. In addition, we transform this solution approach to a matheuristic that generates high-quality solutions in acceptable time for large-sized instances. We compare the efficiency of flexible layouts to mixed-model assembly lines and quantify the benefits of flexible layouts which increase with vehicle heterogeneity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Management Science and Operations Research	Automotive industry,Cellular design,Classification of decision problems,Job shop configuration,Product variety
Idle Vehicle Rebalancing in Semiconductor Fabrication Using Factorized Graph Neural Network Reinforcement Learning	2019	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	2019 IEEE.With the advancement in the semiconductor industry, the size of fab becomes larger and thus more overhead hoist transportation (OHT) vehicles need to be operated, which necessitate efficient operation strategies for a large number of OHTs. In this study, we propose a cooperative rebalancing strategy of OHTs to increase the overall productivity of the material handling process in the fab. We discretize the fab into a number of zones and derives decentralized rebalancing strategies for each zone by applying a graph neural network (GNN) based multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL). The proposed algorithm first represents the overall state of the fab into a directed graph and uses the graph representation to construct embedding values for each zone. The node embedding values are then used to determine the rebalancing action from each zone in a decentralized manner but to induce cooperation among zones. Simulation studies have shown that the proposed algorithm is effective in increasing various system-level key performance metrics compared to other heuristic and learning-based rebalancing strategies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	None
A fuzzy bi-objective flexible cell scheduling optimization model under green and energy-efficient strategy using Pareto-based algorithms: SATPSPGA, SANRGA, and NSGA-II	2019	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2019, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.A bi-objective flexible cell scheduling problem (CSP) under time-of-use (TOU) electricity tariffs in both deterministic and fuzzy environments are developed with the following objectives: (1) total cost of production system and (2) total delivery tardiness of jobs. To create a form of green and energy-conscious strategy, cost of produced emission and consumed power and some limitations on entire energy consumption, total manufactured emission, setup time, part defect (pert) percentage, system productivity, total number of tool slots, operations, and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are respected. Besides, a self-adaptive two-phase subpopulation genetic algorithm (SATPSPGA) is taken to find a near-optimum solution of suggested bi-objective fuzzy mixed integer linear programming (FMILP) model. In view of the fact that no benchmark is existing in the literature, a self-adaptive non-dominated ranked genetic algorithm (SANRGA) and a non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II) were employed to solve the model. To validate the result, a GAMS model of problem is utilized and compared with algorithm outcomes as well. Lastly, several numerical examples are offered to show the utility of the proposed methodology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Bi-objective,Cell scheduling,Energy-efficient policy,NSGA-II,SANRGA,SATPSPGA
Prediction of QoS Outage Probability for Wireless Communication in Factory Environments	2019	2019 International Conference on Internet of Things, Embedded Systems and Communications, IINTEC 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.In manufacturing and logistics, various applications exploiting IoT devices are started to be used. Although there is a demand for wireless connection between the IoT devices to networks, obstacles such as radio frequency interference, multipath-rich propagation, and movement of objects make communication unstable. The instability can cause a system failure of IoT applications. Since the QoS outage does not occur frequently in actual systems, the training of QoS outage events may be insufficient to accurately predict future QoS values. Therefore, we propose a method to estimate QoS outage probability from the predicted future QoS, distribution of prediction error, and required QoS. The proposed method can achieve high estimation accuracy by obtaining and using different error distributions according to the rarity of the observed sequence. Simulation results based on a theoretical throughput analysis of wireless LAN show that the proposed method can appropriately predict the QoS outage probability.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Computer Science Applications,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Instrumentation,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications	probabilistic neural network,probability prediction,QoS outage,smart factory
Obstacle avoidance system of substation inspection robot based on the dual-mode controller of bumpless switching	2019	Proceedings - 2019 4th International Conference on Communication and Information Systems, ICCIS 2019	2019 IEEE.The design of obstacle avoidance system for substation inspection robot is widely known as a challenging task. This paper addresses this issue by exploiting a novel approach to combine the fuzzy logic control and fuzzy PID control into the controller design with bumpless switching between these two control modes. Such dual-mode design approach can significantly promote the real-time performance of the obstacle avoidance system and effectively eliminate the blind spots and enables the system to reach the equilibrium points faster. The moving velocity and rotation angle of robots are proactively controlled via the fuzzy-PID dual-mode controller to avoid obstacles with graceful path and velocity changes. The suggested design approach is evaluated through a set of simulation experiments for realistic scenarios. The numerical results have demonstrated its effectiveness which can be adopted in the practical deployment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Instrumentation	Bumpless switching,Fuzzy-PID dual-mode controller,Obstacle avoidance,Robot
Self-adaptive Monte Carlo method for indoor localization of smart AGVs using LIDAR data	2019	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2019 Elsevier B.V.The vehicles used for transportation and logistics in the factories usually perceive their surroundings with range sensors. Today, 2D LIDARs are used as range sensors, and 3D LIDARs are becoming widespread with the developments of autonomous vehicle technology. Therefore, Self Adaptive Monte Carlo Localization, abbreviated as SA-MCL, is improved in this study to make the algorithm suitable for autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) equipped with 2D or 3D LIDARs. Moreover, the traditional SA-MCL algorithm has a constraint that the range sensors on the robot are uniformly placed, and ellipse based energy model is proposed in this study to remove the constraint. This model can compute the energy value regardless of the robot orientation since it considers offsets due to the asymmetric placement of range sensors on the robot. The importance of localization increases since it is aimed that AGVs to be used in smart factories are able to use entire free space on the map in order to provide energy efficiency and time saving, and perform tasks that can vary at anytime instead of routine. SA-MCL algorithm is preferred in this study since traditional SA-MCL can overcome global localization, position tracking and kidnapping sub-problems of localization. The algorithm proposed in this study is verified to demonstrate its performance and effectiveness both in simulation and experimental studies using MATLAB and robot operating system (ROS).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	2D and 3D LIDARs,AGV,Localization,SA-MCL
Simplified Electrical Circuit of Inductive Coupled Power Transfer System Based on the Reflected Input Impedance	2019	2019 International Conference on Signal, Control and Communication, SCC 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper has been focused in analyzing the influence of the resonance frequency to the performance of wireless power transfer (WPT) system applied to electrical vehicle, special the output power of the system. In addition, a novel procedure to evaluate the input impedance of inductive coupled power transfer circuit is presented in this work. The input impedance of inductive coupled power transfer (ICPT) circuit, their phases and the power factor of WPT system are calculated and plotted by using Matlab scripts programming for different air gap between the transmitter coil and receiver coil. Finally, a novel block of the WPT system is developed in Matlab/Simulink and the obtained results are presented and discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Electrical vehicle,inductive coupled power transfer circuit,Reflected input impedance,Resonance frequency,Wireless power transfer
Some similarity measures for interval-valued picture fuzzy sets and their applications in decision making	2019	Information (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Similarity measures, distance measures and entropy measures are some common tools considered to be applied to some interesting real-life phenomena including pattern recognition, decision making, medical diagnosis and clustering. Further, interval-valued picture fuzzy sets (IVPFSs) are effective and useful to describe the fuzzy information. Therefore, this manuscript aims to develop some similarity measures for IVPFSs due to the significance of describing the membership grades of picture fuzzy set in terms of intervals. Several types cosine similarity measures, cotangent similarity measures, set-theoretic and grey similarity measures, four types of dice similarity measures and generalized dice similarity measures are developed. All the developed similarity measures are validated, and their properties are demonstrated. Two well-known problems, including mineral field recognition problems and multi-attribute decision making problems, are solved using the newly developed similarity measures. The superiorities of developed similarity measures over the similarity measures of picture fuzzy sets, interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy sets and intuitionistic fuzzy sets are demonstrated through a comparison and numerical examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Information Systems	Interval-valued picture fuzzy sets,Multiattribute decision making,Pattern recognition,Similarity measures
An Improved Scan Matching Method Based on Laser Reflection Intensity	2019	10th International Conference on Intelligent Control and Information Processing, ICICIP 2019	2019 IEEE.High-precision localization performance of mobile robots in featureless environments plays an important role in the field of navigation. This paper describes an effective localization solution using a landmark whose surface is covered with two different materials resulting in different laser reflection intensities. Based on the landmark, a feature extraction algorithm is proposed and an improved scan matching method for mobile robot localization in featureless environments is described. Unlike traditional scan matching methods which only use geometric features, the proposed method mixes geometric information extracted from environment and laser reflection intensity extracted from the landmark to achieve accurate pose estimation. Experiments show that our method has higher precision than previous methods.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	featureless environment,high-precision localization,laser reflection intensity,scan matching
SPRINTER: A discrete locomotion robot for precision swarm printing	2019	2019 19th International Conference on Advanced Robotics, ICAR 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper presents SPRINTER, a system and method for multi-robot printing. In this paper, we discuss the design of a quasi-holonomic mobile robot and present a method which uses a group of such robots to distributively print a large graphical image. In the distributive printing method, we introduce the concept of image cellularization for segmenting the graphic into a group of smaller printing tasks. We then discuss a centralized method to allocate these tasks to each robot and execute the printing process. In summary, we present a multi-robot printing system which enhances the printing speed and maximizes the printing area of traditional industrial printers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	None
Automatic Threshold Selection Guided by Maximizing Cross-Region Shannon Entropy Under Edge Guidance and Contour Constraints 边缘引导和轮廓约束下的跨域香农熵最大化导向的自动阈值选取方法	2019	Tien Tzu Hsueh Pao/Acta Electronica Sinica	2019, Chinese Institute of Electronics. All right reserved.When the basic distribution constituting one gray level histogram is presented as a non-Gaussian distribution, such as gamma, extreme value, Rayleigh, uniform or beta distribution, how to automatically select the best possible segmentation threshold is still quite challenging.To deal with the issue of threshold selection in the above-mentioned different gray level distributions, we propose an automatic method of threshold selection that is guided by maximizing cross-region Shannon entropy under edge guidance and contour constraints.This method utilizes constant guiding edges and dynamically changing contours to construct a series of continuously changing one-dimensional gray level histograms, and adopts Shannon entropy as the entropy calculation model.Therefore, it can calculate the cross-region Shannon entropy across several local regions in the image, and it takes the threshold corresponding to the maximum cross-region Shannon entropy as the final segmentation threshold.The proposed method is compared with Masi entropy thresholding, Tsallis entropy thresholding, Shannon entropy thresholding, and iterative triclass thresholding on 40 synthetic images and 50 real-world images.The results show that the proposed method is not superior to the 4 compared methods in computational efficiency, but it has significant enhancement in segmentation adaptability and a significant decrease in the mis-segmentation rate.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cross-region Shannon entropy,Global entropy method,Image thresholding,Local entropy method,Maximum entropy principle,Shannon entropy difference
Trolley line picking: storage assignment and order sequencing to increase picking performance	2019	OR Spectrum	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.Trolley line picking is a special warehousing system particularly suited to fulfill high-volume demands for heavy stock keeping units (SKUs). In such a system, unit loads of SKUs are positioned along a given path passed by automated trolleys, i.e., carriers hanging from a monorail or automated guided vehicles. Once a trolley reaches a requested SKU, it automatically stops and announces the requested items on a display. This is the signal for an accompanying human picker to put the demanded items onto the trolley. In this way, picking continues until, at the end of the path, the current picking order is complete and the trolley moves onward to the shipping area. Meanwhile, the picker rushes back to meet the subsequent trolley associated with the next picking order. The picking performance of the trolley line system is mainly influenced by the picker’s unproductive walking from SKU to SKU during order processing and back to the next trolley when switching to the next order. In this paper, we investigate how the storage assignment of SKUs along the path and the order sequence influence picking performance. Specifically, we explore the positive effect of duplicating SKUs and storing them at multiple positions along the path. We formulate the interdependent storage assignment and order sequencing problems and introduce a decomposition heuristic. Our computational study investigates the solution performance of this procedure and shows that SKU duplication can considerably improve picking performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Management Science and Operations Research	Order fulfillment,Scheduling,Trolley line picking,Warehousing
Proactive scheduling for job-shop based on abnormal event monitoring ofworkpieces and remaining useful life prediction of tools in wisdom manufacturing workshop	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The job-shop scheduling is an important approach to manufacturing enterprises to improve response speed, reduce cost, and improve service. Proactive scheduling for job-shop based on abnormal event monitoring of workpieces and remaining useful life prediction of tools is proposed with radio frequency identification (RFID) and wireless accelerometer in this paper. Firstly, the perception environment of machining job is constructed, the mathematical model of job-shop scheduling is built, the framework of proactive scheduling is put forward, and the hybrid rescheduling strategy based on real-time events and predicted events is adopted. Then, the multi-objective, double-encoding, double-evolving, and double-decoding genetic algorithm (MD3GA) is used to reschedule. Finally, an actual prototype platform to machine job is built to verify the proposed scheduling method. It is shown that the proposed method solves the integration problem of dynamic scheduling and proactive scheduling of processing workpieces, reduces the waste of redundant time for the scheduling, and avoids the adverse impact on abnormal disturbances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Abnormal event monitoring,Proactive scheduling,Remaining useful life,RFID,Wireless accelerometer,Wisdom manufacturing
Real-time predictive sliding mode control method for AGV with actuator delay	2019	Advances in Manufacturing	2019, Shanghai University and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.In this paper, a predictive sliding mode control method based on multi-sensor fusion is proposed to solve the problem of insufficient accuracy in trajectory tracking caused by actuator delay. The controller, based on the kinematics model, uses an inner and outer two-layer structure to achieve decoupling of position control and heading control. A reference positional change rate is introduced into the design of controller, making the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) capable of real-time predictive control ability. A stability analysis and a proof of predictive sliding mode control theory are provided. The experimental results show that the new control algorithm can improve the performance of the AGV controller by referring to the positional change rate, thereby improving the AGV operation without derailing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Polymers and Plastics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Multi-sensor fusion,Predictive sliding mode control,Real-time decoupling,Trajectory tracking
A genetic-algorithm based method for storage location assignments in mobile rack warehouses	2019	2019 IEEE Global Communications Conference, GLOBECOM 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.In recent years, mobile racks or auto robots have been widely used in e-commerce warehouses where storage location assignment is a fundamental problem in the order picking process. The present storage location assignment strategies mainly allocate stocks into various racks according to a specific objective function or the relationships between stocks. These strategies include the random storage assignment strategy (RAS) and the good- clustering storage location assignment strategy (GCAS). In this paper, we first analyze the key factors that affect the efficiency of the order picking system.The results show that the rack- moved-number (RMN) is a significant factor in the order picking process. Then, we propose a genetic- algorithm (GA) based method for the storage location assignment problem which adopts RMN as its fitness function. To find a better solution, we take the natural deduplicated stock sequence of history orders (NDSSHO) as a seed to initialize the population of chromosomes. We also define a specific cross mutation strategy to avoid checking the validity of chromosomes by exchanging selected genes and adjusting new generated chromosomes. At last, we compare the RMN of our proposed method with RAS and GCAS. The experimental results show that the RMN of our proposed method is about 50% less than RAS and GCAS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Media Technology,Health Informatics	Genetic algorithm,Mobile rack warehouse,Order picking system,Rack-moved-number
Object Detection from a Few LIDAR Scanning Planes	2019	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Vehicles	2016 IEEE.LIDAR sensors enable object and free-space detection for intelligent transportation systems and vehicles. This paper proposes a recognition method for LIDARs based on only a few detection planes. This method is useful especially in the case when the angular resolution of the scan is sufficient, but in the vertical direction the planes are far from each other. We use Fourier descriptor to characterize a scan plane and Convolutional Neural Network for classification. Our method exploits both time varying shape information and contours from multiple scan planes if available. The method performs at least as well as the state of the art algorithms in case of near field, and it also expands the detection range. It was evaluated on tens of thousands of samples from large public datasets and we did separate evaluation for far field objects as well.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	2	Artificial Intelligence,Automotive Engineering,Control and Optimization	autonomous vehicle,LIDAR,object classification,remote sensing
Human-Machine Information Extraction Simulator for Biological Collections	2019	Proceedings - 2019 IEEE International Conference on Big Data, Big Data 2019	2019 IEEE.In the last decade, institutions from around the world have implemented initiatives for digitizing biological collections (biocollections) and sharing their information online. The transcription of the metadata from photographs of specimens' labels is performed through human-centered approaches (e.g., crowdsourcing) because fully automated Information Extraction (IE) methods still generate a significant number of errors. The integration of human and machine tasks has been proposed to accelerate the IE from the billions of specimens waiting to be digitized. Nevertheless, in order to conduct research and trying new techniques, IE practitioners need to prepare sets of images, crowdsourcing experiments, recruit volunteers, process the transcriptions, generate ground truth values, program automated methods, etc. These research resources and processes require time and effort to be developed and architected into a functional system. In this paper, we present a simulator intended to accelerate the ability to experiment with workflows for extracting Darwin Core (DC) terms from images of specimens. The so-called HuMaIN Simulator includes the engine, the human-machine IE workflows for three DC terms, the code of the automated IE methods, crowdsourced and ground truth transcriptions of the DC terms of three biocollections, and several experiments that exemplify its potential use. The simulator adds Human-in-the-loop capabilities, for iterative IE and research on optimal methods. Its practical design permits the quick definition, customization, and implementation of experimental IE scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	crowdsourcing,human-in-the-loop,human-machine,Information extraction,natural language processing,optical character recognition,simulator
A Real-Time and Fully Distributed Approach to Motion Planning for Multirobot Systems	2019	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.Motion planning is one of the most critical problems in multirobot systems. The basic target is to generate a collision-free trajectory for each robot from its initial position to the target position. In this paper, we study the trajectory planning for the multirobot systems operating in unstructured and changing environments. Each robot is equipped with some sensors of limited sensing ranges. We propose a fully distributed approach to planning trajectories for such systems. It combines the model predictive control (MPC) strategy and the incremental sequential convex programming (iSCP) method. The MPC framework is applied to detect the local running environment real-timely with the concept of receding horizon. For each robot, a nonlinear programming is built in its current prediction horizon. To construct its own optimization problem, a robot first needs to communicate with its neighbors to retrieve their current states. Then, the robot predicts the neighbors' future positions in the current horizon and constructs the problem without waiting for the prediction information from its neighbors. At last, each robot solves its problem independently via the iSCP method such that the robot can move autonomously. The proposed method is polynomial in its computational complexity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed algorithms,motion planning,multi-robot systems,trajectory optimization
Integration of routing into a resource-constrained project scheduling problem	2019	EURO Journal on Computational Optimization	2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature and EURO - The Association of European Operational Research Societies.The resource-constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP), one of the most challenging combinatorial optimization scheduling problems, has been the focus of a great deal of research, resulting in numerous publications in the last decade. Previous publications focused on the RCPSP, including several extensions with different objectives to be minimized and constraints to be checked. The present work investigates the integration of the routing, i.e., the transport of the resources between activities into the RCPSP, and provides a new resolution scheme. The two subproblems are solved using an integrated approach that draws on both a disjunctive graph model and an explicit modeling of the routing. The resolution scheme takes advantage of an indirect representation of the solution to define both the schedule of activities and the routing of vehicles. The routing solution is modeled by a set of trips that define the loaded transport operations of vehicles that are induced by the flow in the graph. The numerical experiments prove that the models and the methods introduced in this paper are promising for solving the RCPSP with routing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Optimization,Computational Mathematics	RCPSP,Routing,Scheduling
A dynamic order acceptance and scheduling approach for additive manufacturing on-demand production	2019	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2019, The Author(s).Additive manufacturing (AM), also known as 3D printing, has been called a disruptive technology as it enables the direct production of physical objects from digital designs and allows private and industrial users to design and produce their own goods enhancing the idea of the rise of the “prosumer”. It has been predicted that, by 2030, a significant number of small and medium enterprises will share industry-specific AM production resources to achieve higher machine utilization. The decision-making on the order acceptance and scheduling (OAS) in AM production, particularly with powder bed fusion (PBF) systems, will play a crucial role in dealing with on-demand production orders. This paper introduces the dynamic OAS problem in on-demand production with PBF systems and aims to provide an approach for manufacturers to make decisions simultaneously on the acceptance and scheduling of dynamic incoming orders to maximize the average profit-per-unit-time during the whole makespan. This problem is strongly NP hard and extremely complicated where multiple interactional subproblems, including bin packing, batch processing, dynamic scheduling, and decision-making, need to be taken into account simultaneously. Therefore, a strategy-based metaheuristic decision-making approach is proposed to solve the problem and the performance of different strategy sets is investigated through a comprehensive experimental study. The experimental results indicated that it is practicable to obtain promising profitability with the proposed metaheuristic approach by applying a properly designed decision-making strategy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Heuristic decision-making,On-demand production,Order acceptance and scheduling,Powder bed fusion,Random order arrival
Efficient partition of integer optimization problems with one-hot encoding	2019	Scientific Reports	2019, The Author(s).Quantum annealing is a heuristic algorithm for solving combinatorial optimization problems, and hardware for implementing this algorithm has been developed by D-Wave Systems Inc. The current version of the D-Wave quantum annealer can solve unconstrained binary optimization problems with a limited number of binary variables. However, the cost functions of several practical problems are defined by a large number of integer variables. To solve these problems using the quantum annealer, integer variables are generally binarized with one-hot encoding, and the binarized problem is partitioned into small subproblems. However, the entire search space of the binarized problem is considerably larger than that of the original integer problem and is dominated by infeasible solutions. Therefore, to efficiently solve large optimization problems with one-hot encoding, partitioning methods that extract subproblems with as many feasible solutions as possible are required. In this study, we propose two partitioning methods and demonstrate that they result in improved solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Multidisciplinary	None
SWP-enabled constraints modeling for on-site assembly process of prefabrication housing production	2019	Journal of Cleaner Production	2019 Elsevier LtdPrefabrication housing production (PHP) processes are fragmented and full of variability. Their schedule reliability is particularly disturbed by the constraints deriving from task executions in the on-site assembly process. Proactive constraints modeling, including identifying constraints and understanding their interrelationships, is crucial to ensure successful task executions and enhance sociability in collaborative working. However, current methods for constraints modeling are often sluggish and heavily rely on human's commitments because there is no real-time and value-added information for decision-making. To address this issue, this study proposes an approach of smart work packaging (SWP)-enabled constraints modeling service, which consists of three dynamic sub-services: social network analysis (SNA) service, hybrid system dynamics (SD)-discrete event simulation (DES) model service, and constraints scenario analysis service. It can equip the workers with the ability to (1) automatically identify the critical constraints, (2) dynamically explore interactional and interdependent relationships of these constraints, and (3) simulate and analyze the impact on schedule performance under different constraints scenarios. Five critical constraints are identified, including adverse weather conditions, lack of collision-free path planning, lack of visible and audible communication mechanism, lack of optimal buffer layout, and lack of optimal installation sequence. Most interrelationships are depicted in the four modules of the hybrid SD-DES model, including the assembly process, resource availability, operation efficiency, and schedule performance. Finally, the most influential constraint “lack of collision-free path planning” to schedule performance is identified in the constraints scenario analysis process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	1	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Constraints modeling,Discrete event simulation,Prefabrication housing production,Smart work packaging,System dynamics
Quantum Bridge Analytics I: a tutorial on formulating and using QUBO models	2019	4OR	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.Quantum Bridge Analytics relates generally to methods and systems for hybrid classical-quantum computing, and more particularly is devoted to developing tools for bridging classical and quantum computing to gain the benefits of their alliance in the present and enable enhanced practical application of quantum computing in the future. This is the first of a two-part tutorial that surveys key elements of Quantum Bridge Analytics and its applications, with an emphasis on supplementing models with numerical illustrations. In Part 1 (the present paper) we focus on the Quadratic Unconstrained Binary Optimization model which is presently the most widely applied optimization model in the quantum computing area, and which unifies a rich variety of combinatorial optimization problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Management Information Systems,Theoretical Computer Science,Management Science and Operations Research,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Combinatorial optimization,Quadratic Unconstrained Binary Optimization (QUBO),Quantum Bridge Analytics,Quantum computing
Integration of open source hardware Arduino platform in automation systems applied to Smart Grids/Micro-Grids	2019	Sustainable Energy Technologies and Assessments	2019 Elsevier LtdLarge scale deployment of Smart Grids (SGs) and Smart Micro-Grids (SMGs) requires overcoming problems related to interoperability and high costs. To automate and monitor these challenging infrastructures, industrial equipment is used due to their reliability and versatility. In particular, Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) are the prevalent automation units devoted to process control. They are combined with Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems, responsible of acquiring and displaying operational data. One of the prominent trends to facilitate such deployment is the open source movement, being the Arduino microcontroller one of the most illustrative examples. This low-cost and community-supported platform is achieving increasing attention from academy and industry. However, there is still a need of integration frameworks to combine this device with reliable industrial equipment. This paper presents an approach that seamlessly integrates PLCs and Arduino platforms into a common SCADA system using the connectivity provided by Open Platform Communications (OPC). The open source device is devoted to sensing tasks. As a proof of concept, an application case has been carried out within the automation system of an experimental SMG, where the temperature of a PV panel is sensed and monitored. The developed system is described and successful results are reported.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	5	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	Arduino,Open Platform Communications,Programmable Logic Controller,Smart Grid,Smart Micro-Grid,Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition
Shipbuilding 4.0 index approaching supply chain	2019	Materials	2019 by the authors.The shipbuilding industry shows a special interest in adapting to the changes proposed by the industry 4.0. This article bets on the development of an index that indicates the current situation considering that supply chain is a key factor in any type of change, and at the same time it serves as a control tool in the implementation of improvements. The proposed indices provide a first definition of the paradigm or paradigms that best fit the supply chain in order to improve its sustainability and a second definition, regarding the key enabling technologies for Industry 4.0. The values obtained put shipbuilding on the road to industry 4.0 while suggesting categorized planning of technologies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	3	Materials Science (all)	LARG paradigm,Shipbuilding,Supply chain
Reputation and trust approach for security and safety assurance in intersection management system	2019	Energies	2019 by the authors.Crossroads are the main traffic jam generators in densely populated cities. Unmanned vehicles and intelligent transportation systems can significantly reduce congestion and improve road safety by eliminating the main cause of traffic accidents—the human factor. However, full confidence in their safety is necessary. This paper addresses the contextual data integrity problem, when an unmanned autonomous vehicle transmits incorrect data due to technical problems, or malicious attacks. We propose an approach based on trust and reputation that allows detecting vehicles transmitting bogus data. To verify the feasibility of the approach on practice, we conducted both software and physical simulations using the model of intersection and unmanned autonomous vehicle models. The simulation results show that the approach applied allows detecting vehicles with bogus data and excluding them from the group, thus increasing the safety of the intersection traversal by other vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Russian Federation	1	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,Intersection management,Reputation,Trust
A novel deep feature learning method based on the fused-stacked AES for planetary gear fault diagnosis	2019	Energies	2019 by the authors.Planetary gear is the key component of the transmission system of electromechanical equipment for energy industry, and it is easy to damage, which affects the reliability and operation efficiency of electromechanical equipment of energy industry. Therefore, it is of great significance to extract the useful fault features and diagnose faults based on raw vibration signals. In this paper, a novel deep feature learning method based on the fused-stacked autoencoders (AEs) for planetary gear fault diagnosis was proposed. First, to improve the data learning ability and the robustness of feature extraction process of AE model, the sparse autoencoder (SAE) and the contractive autoencoder (CAE) were studied, respectively. Then, the quantum ant colony algorithm (QACA) was used to optimize the specific location and key parameters of SAEs and CAEs in deep learning architecture, and multiple SAEs and multiple CAEs were stacked alternately to form a novel deep learning architecture, which gave the deep learning architecture better data learning ability and robustness of feature extraction. The experimental results show that the proposed method can address the raw vibration signals of planetary gear. Compared with other deep learning architectures and shallow learning architecture, the proposed method has better diagnosis performance, and it is an effective method of deep feature learning and fault diagnosis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deep feature learning,Fault diagnosis,Planetary gear,The fused-stacked AEs
A robotic intelligent towing tank for learning complex fluid-structure dynamics	2019	Science Robotics	Copyright  2019 The Authors, some rights reserved; exclusive licensee American Association for the Advancement of Science. No claim to original U.S. Government WorksWe describe the development of the Intelligent Towing Tank, an automated experimental facility guided by active learning to conduct a sequence of vortex-induced vibration (VIV) experiments, wherein the parameters of each next experiment are selected by minimizing suitable acquisition functions of quantified uncertainties. This constitutes a potential paradigm shift in conducting experimental research, where robots, computers, and humans collaborate to accelerate discovery and to search expeditiously and effectively large parametric spaces that are impracticable with the traditional approach of sequential hypothesis testing and subsequent train-and-error execution. We describe how our research parallels efforts in other fields, providing an orders-of-magnitude reduction in the number of experiments required to explore and map the complex hydrodynamic mechanisms governing the fluid-elastic instabilities and resulting nonlinear VIV responses. We show the effectiveness of the methodology of “explore-and-exploit” in parametric spaces of high dimensions, which are intractable with traditional approaches of systematic parametric variation in experimentation. We envision that this active learning approach to experimental research can be used across disciplines and potentially lead to physical insights and a new generation of models in multi-input/multi-output nonlinear systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	None
Research and Design of AGVs Based on Inertial and Visual Composite Navigation 基于惯性和视觉复合导航的自动导引小车研究与设计	2019	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	2019, China Mechanical Engineering Magazine Office. All right reserved.As an important material handling equipment in intelligent manufacturing, AGV's navigation and positioning accuracy and flexible path configuration performance restricted the applications in intelligent manufacturing. Aiming at this problem, an AGV integrated navigation method was proposed herein based on inertia and vision, which made use of the complementary advantages of the two navigation technologies to achieve high-precision navigation and positioning, and improved the adaptability of AGV to the working environments and navigation reliability. On the basis of this, the AGV working grid map was constructed by a two-dimensional code label, and the grid map was used to realize the flexible configuration of the AGV driving paths. The test results show that the composite navigation method designed may realize the navigation and positioning accuracy of longitudinal 5mm, lateral 10mm, and directional deviation 1°.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Composite navigation,Cumulative error,Two-dimensional code
Multi-UAV formation forming reconfiguration control based on back-stepping method 基于反步推演法的多机编队队形重构控制	2019	Hangkong Xuebao/Acta Aeronautica et Astronautica Sinica	2019, Press of Chinese Journal of Aeronautics. All right reserved.Aiming at the slowed combat efficiency for desired forming and the steady-state speed of multi-UAV, a cooperative guidance control method is designed based on the back-stepping approach, which is used to rapidly form the desired formation and reach the steady-state of Multi-UAV. The UAV formation system consists of four UAVs, forming a regular triangle formation. One of the UAVs is a virtual leader, located in the center of the triangle, and the other three UVAs are located in the vertex of the triangle. Meanwhile, the forward speed of the leader is used as the forward direction of formation, and the followers follow the leader with formation flight. The error dynamics model of each follower is established by using the leader guidance mechanism, and the communication mode between any two UAVs is established based on the graph theory. In addition, the guidance control law is obtained by the back-stepping approach. A reasonable Lyapunov function is constructed to prove the effectiveness of the proposed cooperative guidance control law in formation aggregation and formation keeping. Moreover, the proposed method is compared with the Model Prediction control (MPC) and the Laplace method to further verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. The simulation results show that each UAV can converge the desired motion trajectory and fly in the desired formation with fast convergence speed and small steady-state error.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Space and Planetary Science,Applied Mathematics	Back-stepping approach,Cooperative guidance control law,Lyapunov function,Steady-state error,UAV formation
Multi-objective scheduling optimization for multi-AGV systems of intelligent jobshop 面向智能生产车间的多AGV系统多目标调度优化	2019	Dongnan Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Southeast University (Natural Science Edition)	2019, Editorial Department of Journal of Southeast University. All right reserved.Aiming at minimizing the makespan, the number of automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) and penalty cost, a multi-objective optimization mathematical model was established for the intelligent jobshop with AGVs. An adaptive multi-objective genetic algorithm with differential evolution (AMOGA-DE) was proposed to solve the optimal model. A multi-stage real number coding method was used to encode the chromosome, and the genetic algorithm (GA) was applied to generate the optimal solutions. The differential evolution (DE) algorithm and the external Pareto solution archive constructing technique were integrated to improve the quality of the optimal solutions, and the self-adaptive strategy was adopted to enhance the convergence speed of multi-objective scheduling optimization under multiple-constraints. Selecting an intelligent manufacturing jobshop with AGVs as an example, a case study was carried out, and the corresponding scheduling plans were obtained. Compared with the results of the fast elite non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-Ⅱ) and the strength Pareto evolutionary algorithm 2 (SPEA2) in three different scale cases, the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed algorithm were verified, and the Pareto solution sets with a uniform distribution and higher quality were obtained in different scale cases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Intelligent scheduling,Multi-objective genetic algorithm (MOGA),Multi-objective optimization
Incorporating social aspects in sustainable supply chains: Trends and future directions	2019	Journal of Cleaner Production	2019 Elsevier LtdThe social dimension of sustainability in supply chains has grown in importance in both academic and industrial communities. This article aims to understand how social dimension has been incorporated in supply chain management research in the past years and what research gaps still exist. For this purpose, a systematic literature review is performed where 621 articles are analysed considering a set of categories that include: research methodology; social dimension; social analysis focus; supply chain entities; traceability and transparency; uncertainty and risk; industrial activity sector. A cross-analysis between categories is presented, revealing that social sustainability concerns have been increasingly addressed along the years, but further research still needs to be performed to achieve more inclusive social supply chains. N-Vivo Software is used to perform the content analysis. The main research gaps and trends regarding social concerns in supply chains are identified and systematised into a framework that can be used to integrate social aspects in supply chains. Based on the latter, a research agenda is defined targeting concerned researchers and practitioners to attain the sustainable supply chains.	Journal	j	re	Review	Portugal	8	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Social sustainability,Sustainable supply chains,Systematic literature review
The application of artificial intelligence in logistics and express delivery	2019	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2019 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.With the rapid development of e-commerce, the volume of express goods in China has been increasing explosively. In 2018, China's express delivery business will reach 50.5 billion units. With the increasing popularity of artificial intelligence technology, many modern logistics enterprises try to use artificial intelligence technology to optimize the logistics link and improve the logistics efficiency. This paper will discuss the application status and prospect of artificial intelligence in logistics and express industry.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
A prioritized planning algorithm of trajectory coordination based on time windows for multiple AGVs with delay disturbance	2019	Assembly Automation	2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: In the running of multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in warehouses, delay problems in motions happen unavoidably as there might exist some disabled components of robots, the instability of networks and the interference of people walking. Under this case, robots would not follow the designed paths and the coupled relationship between temporal and space domain for paths is broken. And there is no doubt that other robots are disturbed by the ones where delays happen. Finally, this brings about chaos or even breakdown of the whole system. Therefore, taking the delay disturbance into consideration in the path planning of multiple robots is an issue worthy of attention and research. Design/methodology/approach: This paper proposes a prioritized path planning algorithm based on time windows to solve the delay problems of multiple AGVs. The architecture is a unity consisting of three components which are focused on scheduling AGVs under normal operations, delays of AGVs, and recovery of AGVs. In the components of scheduling AGVs under normal operations and recovery, this paper adopts a dynamic routing method based on time windows to ensure the coordination of multiple AGVs and efficient completion of tasks. In the component for scheduling AGVs under delays, a dynamical prioritized local path planning algorithm based on time windows is designed to solve delay problems. The introduced planning principle of time windows would enable the algorithm to plan new solutions of trajectories for multiple AGVs, which could lower the makespan. At the same time, the real-time performance is acceptable based on the planning principle which stipulates the parameters of local time windows to ensure that the computation of the designed algorithm would not be too large. Findings: The simulation results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is more efficient than the state-of-the-art method based on homotopy classes, which aims at solving the delay problems. What is more, it is validated that the proposed algorithm can achieve the acceptable real-time performance for the scheduling in warehousing applications. Originality/value: By introducing the planning principle and generating delay space and local adjustable paths, the proposed algorithm in this paper can not only solve the delay problems in real time, but also lower the makespan compared with the previous method. The designed algorithm guarantees the scheduling of multiple AGVs with delay disturbance and enhances the robustness of the scheduling algorithm in multi-AGV system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Delays,Local planning,Time windows,Trajectory coordination
An integrated production-distribution planning with a routing problem and transportation cost discount in a supply chain	2019	Assembly Automation	2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: The motivation behind this research refers to the significant role of integration of production-distribution plans in effective performance of supply chain networks under fierce competition of today’s global marketplace. In this regard, this paper aims to deal with an integrated production-distribution planning problem in deterministic, multi-product and multi-echelon supply chain network. The bi-objective mixed-integer linear programming model is constructed to minimize not only the total transportation costs but also the total delivery time of supply chain, subject to satisfying retailer demands and capacity constraints where quantity discount on transportation costs, fixed cost associated with transportation vehicles usage and routing decisions have been included in the model. Design/methodology/approach: As the proposed mathematical model is NP-hard and that finding an optimum solution in polynomial time is not reasonable, two multi-objective meta-heuristic algorithms, namely, non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm II (NSGAII) and multi-objective imperialist competitive algorithm (MOICA) are designed to obtain near optimal solutions for real-sized problems in reasonable computational times. The Taguchi method is then used to adjust the parameters of the developed algorithms. Finally, the applicability of the proposed model and the performance of the solution methodologies in comparison with each other are demonstrated for a set of randomly generated problem instances. Findings: The practicality and applicability of the proposed model and the efficiency and efficacy of the developed solution methodologies were illustrated through a set of randomly generated real-sized problem instances. Result. In terms of two measures, the objective function value and the computational time were required to get solutions. Originality/value: The main contribution of the present work was addressing an integrated production-distribution planning problem in a broader view, by proposing a closer to reality mathematical formulation which considers some real-world constraints simultaneously and accompanied by efficient multi-objective meta-heuristic algorithms to provide effective solutions for practical problem sizes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AHP-TOPSIS,Integrated production-distribution planning,Multi-objective imperialist competitive algorithm,Non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm II,Outsourcing,Supply chain
Integrated scheduling of machines, AGVs and tools in multi-machine FMS using crow search algorithm	2019	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper lays down a formal framework for simultaneous scheduling of machines, automated-guided vehicles (AGVs) and tools in a multi-machine flexible manufacturing system (FMS) while accounting for transport times of parts to minimise makespan. To minimise tooling costs, a central tool magazine (CTM) is suggested so that the tools are ‘shared’. AGVs and tool transporter (TT) carry jobs and tools between machines. The complexity of including sequencing of job operations on machines, assignment of AGVs and tools to job operations and corresponding trip operations such as the empty trip and loaded trip times of AGVs and a CTM in scheduling is greater. The scope of this paper is to propose a nonlinear Mixed Integer Programming (MIP) model to minimise makespan. Since the problem is known to be NP hard, it is conjectured and then verified that the intelligent behaviour of crows can be effectively used to lay down a metaheuristic algorithm known as a crow search algorithm (CSA) suitable for the problem at hand, and the results have been tabulated and analysed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Combinatorial optimisation,FMS,heuristics,optimisation,scheduling
Auction-based approach for a flexible job-shop scheduling problem with multiple process plans	2019	Engineering Optimization	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This study addresses the flexible job-shop scheduling problem with multiple process plans with the objective of minimizing the overall makespan. A nonlinear programming model is formulated to allocate machines and schedule jobs. An auction-based approach is proposed to address the integrated production route selection and resource allocation problem and focus on improving resource utilization and productive efficiency to reduce the makespan. The approach consists of an auction for process plans and an auction for machines. The auctions are evaluated to select a more suitable route for production and allocate resources to a more desirable job. Numerical experiments are conducted by testing new large benchmark instances. A comparison of Lingo and other existing algorithms demonstrates the effectiveness and stability of the proposed auction-based approach. Furthermore, SPSS is used to prove that the proposed method exhibits an absolute advantage, particularly for medium-scale or large-scale instances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	auction-based approach,Flexible job-shop scheduling problem,multiple process plans
A dual neural architecture combined squeezenet with octconv for liDAR data classification	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Light detection and ranging (LiDAR) is a frequently used technique of data acquisition and it is widely used in diverse practical applications. In recent years, deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown their effectiveness for LiDAR-derived rasterized digital surface models (LiDAR-DSM) data classification. However, many excellent CNNs have too many parameters due to depth and complexity. Meanwhile, traditional CNNs have spatial redundancy because different convolution kernels scan and store information independently. SqueezeNet replaces a part of 3 × 3 convolution kernels in CNNs with 1 × 1 convolution kernels, decomposes the original one convolution layer into two layers, and encapsulates them into a Fire module. This structure can reduce the parameters of network. Octave Convolution (OctConv) pools some feature maps firstly and stores them separately from the feature maps with the original size. It can reduce spatial redundancy by sharing information between the two groups. In this article, in order to improve the accuracy and efficiency of the network simultaneously, Fire modules of SqueezeNet are used to replace the traditional convolution layers in OctConv to form a new dual neural architecture: OctSqueezeNet. Our experiments, conducted using two well-known LiDAR datasets and several classical state-of-the-art classification methods, revealed that our proposed classification approach based on OctSqueezeNet is able to provide competitive advantages in terms of both classification accuracy and computational amount.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Convolutional neural networks (CNNs),Data classification,Light detection and ranging (LiDAR),Octave convolution (OctConv),SqueezeNet
Screening Tracking Algorithm based on Ultra-Wideband Sensor for AGV tracking	2019	2019 IEEE International Conference on Computation, Communication and Engineering, ICCCE 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper proposes a screening tracking algorithm based on ultra-wideband sensor. In view of the uncertain location results near the anchor nodes and the specific occlusion area in the Time Difference of Arrival location method of three anchor nodes, the proposed algorithm adopts indoor environment information and AGV motion state information to filter location results and aided in reducing the probability of location errors, in which the AGV motion state information comes from tracking algorithm. The simulation results demonstrate that the algorithm in this paper has a high probability of correct location and can effectively track and locate Automated Guided Vehicle under the condition of three anchor nodes.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Information Systems and Management,Mechanical Engineering	AGV tracking,Time Difference of Arrival location,Ultra-wideband Sensor
Optimal Path Planning of Automated Guided Vehicle using Dijkstra Algorithm under Dynamic Conditions	2019	2019 7th International Conference on Robot Intelligence Technology and Applications, RiTA 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper presents an optimal path planning aiming at minimization of energy consumption and decrement of operation time of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) under dynamic operation conditions in a graph containing random slopes and distances. To convey one load to a desired- destination by AGVs is considered common practice in a logistic center. Loads of varying mass are transferred to desired-destinations in a graph composed of vertices and edges. In the graph, slopes and distances required for calculation of weight of edges are randomly given between a pair of vertices. Considering tractive forces of the AGV, a tractive force model is developed and this model is applied to path planning method. Mass variation of the AGV that occurs when it places the loads to each vertex is used for calculation of the energy consumption. According to the mass variation of an AGV and road conditions, the weights between vertices are determined. Based on the graph with the weights, the Dijkstra algorithm is applied to get an optimal path for the AGV. Proposed approach demonstrates minimization of AGV's energy consumption and improvement of operation time with the optimal path.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Dijkstra algorithm,Mass variation,Minimization of energy consumption,Optimal path planning
Analysis of the Efficiency of Quay Crane Control	2019	Advances in Information, Electronic and Electrical Engineering, AIEEE 2019 - Proceedings of the 7th IEEE Workshop	2019 IEEE.In this paper, we examine the engineering possibility to apply monitoring equipment to detect movement patterns and collect statistical information in harsh container handling environment, during loading and unloading procedures. We design a simple, yet highly efficient data capture tool and use it to solve a transportation problem to lower the security issues and costs associated with increased turn-over time. This is an ongoing EU Structural fund project, its aim is to present a way and a technological solution to synchronize the crane, and Automated guided vehicle (AGV) processes. We demonstrate the problem and provide the readers with a use case study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Lithuania	0	Information Systems and Management,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	control system,monitoring,stabilization,sway control
Wi-Fi Enabled Speech Automated Guided Vehicle using Android and NodeMCU	2019	Proceedings - 2019 International Multidisciplinary Information Technology and Engineering Conference, IMITEC 2019	2019 IEEE.Given the high mortalities on our roads its imperative that a solution be implemented to mitigate this issue. Although, different conventional methods of providing safety for vehicle operators are in place, there are needs for further improvements. This paper implements an automated guided vehicle that uses NodeMCU as the central intelligence of the system, with the use of ultrasonic sensor for the detection and avoidance of obstacles. It uses voice commands from an Android smartphone using Wi-Fi communication. Experimental studies were conducted to investigates the response of vehicle to the given voice instruction for different directional movement, and obstacle detection with the avoidance of collision. The study achieved very promising results with accuracy, sensitivity and precision rates of 100% for directional movement, with sensitivity and accuracy rates of 70%, and 85% for obstacle detection in the right direction and sensitivity and accuracy rates of 80%, and 90% for obstacle detection in the left direction with the precision rates of 100% at both left and right directions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Signal Processing,Software	Automated-Guided,Ultrasonic Sensor,Vehicle,Voice Commands,Wi-Fi
Machine learning-based RSSI prediction in factory environments	2019	Proceedings of 2019 25th Asia-Pacific Conference on Communications, APCC 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper studies the prediction of the received signal strength at a receiver that tracks an automated guided vehicle (AGV) as it moves along a factory route. We apply machine learning to predict a sliding-window pattern of the received signal strength indication (RSSI) signal and further improve the prediction performance by using multiple receivers. The performance evaluation processes wireless data collected from actual received signal strength measurement experiments recorded from an OFDM transmitter in the 2.4 GHz band. The performance is evaluated for vehicle movement along routes with both repetitive and random sections and with and without position errors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization	Anomaly detection,Channel prediction,Factory environment,Machine-learning,Neural-network,RSSI measurements
Centralized Control Architecture for Cooperative Object Transportation using Multiple Omnidirectional AGVs	2019	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2019 IEEE.This paper addresses the problem of cooperative transportation using multiple omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). To enhance flexibility and application potentials, mecanum-wheeled platform is considered for the proposed multi-AGV system while the cooperative transportation is executed without physical link/gripper to fix the object on the AGVs. Therefore, the position and number of AGV is adjustable depending on the size and weight of the transported object. Analysis of force distribution to each AGV during cooperative transportation is presented. Furthermore, the gradient projection method is exploited to regulate internal force according to the operational capability of each AGV. Moreover, an adaptive sliding mode controller is designed for AGV to cope with dynamic uncertainty during cooperative transportation. Stability of the proposed controller is proven by using Lyapunov Theorem. Finally, numerical simulation is presented to demonstrate the performance of the proposed control system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	Cooperative transportation,force distribution,mecanum-wheeled platform,multi-AGV system
Multiple AGV conflict-free dynamic routing model in automated terminals considering congestion factors 考虑拥堵因素的自动化码头多AGV无冲突动态路径规划模型	2019	Dalian Haishi Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Dalian Maritime University	2019, Editorial Office of Journal of Dalian Maritime University. All right reserved.Aiming at the scheduling optimization of the horizontal transportation system in automated container terminals, this paper proposed an automatic guided vehicle (AGV) dynamic routing strategy, in which path generation and dynamic path optimization of multiple AGV transportation system were processed simultaneously. From the perspective of AGV transportation operation time, a multiple AGV routing model considering congestion factors was established to optimize AGV routing scheme. A multi-group ant colony algorithm based on the dynamic routing strategy has been designed to solve the model, and the validity of the model and algorithm was verified. The results show that the dynamic routing strategy can dynamically control and optimize the routing process. Meanwhile, considering the congestion factors could effectively solve the congestion in the horizontal transportation network and improve the efficiency of AGV transportation operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (miscellaneous),Ocean Engineering	Ant colony algorithm,Automated container terminal,Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Congestion factors,Routing scheme
Multi Robot Route Planning (MRRP): Extended Spatial-Temporal Prioritized Planning	2019	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2019 IEEE.Autonomous vehicles are, in contrast to classical automated guided vehicles (AGVs), less predictable in their behavior and drive time. Therefore, the issue of how to efficiently control these vehicles arises, because autonomous agents need to be coordinated and not controlled, to give autonomous behaviors and actions space. The scientific contribution of this paper is a novel approach, based on prioritized planning to target this issue as well as an open source framework for evaluation and comparison. Prioritized planning has the disadvantage of being neither optimal nor complete, however, it has the advantage of being computationally feasible. This work utilizes prioritized planning to significantly increase the set of feasible scenarios through collision prevention: by locally finding alternative routes and adding them to the search graph. The paper clearly formulates the extensions needed and delineates the approach's limits, as it is neither optimal nor complete. More importantly, however, our method calculates routes for each vehicle with inter-vehicle synchronization, enabling vehicles to execute the plan in a distributed fashion without centralized control, thereby allowing autonomous behavior. Finally, results are verified by comparing our Multi Robot Router (MRR) proposed in this work to classical approaches. The software developed as well as the test sets are publicly available for ROS and the simulation environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Austria	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Tasks assigning and sequencing of multiple AGVs based on an improved harmony search algorithm	2019	Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing	2018, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.The efficiency of automatic guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling is important to improve the productivity of manufacturing enterprises. In this paper, the production materials and cutting tools consumables are transferred by multiple AGVs and a multi-objective mathematical model of AGV scheduling is established, which contains three objectives, i.e., the total travel distance of AGVs, the standard deviation of AGVs workload and the standard deviation of the difference between the latest delivery time and the predicted time of tasks. Then, an improved harmony search (HS) algorithm is proposed by adopting dynamic changing harmony memory considering rate (HMCR) parameters and implementing neighborhood search strategy for the best harmony in harmony memory (HM). Meanwhile, the harmony is divided into several segments according to the capacitated multiple-load AGVs. Each segment corresponds to the tasks execution scope of AGVs that return to the warehouse in turn. And the elements sequence of each segment represents the order of these tasks performed by AGV. At the same time, calculating the fitness value in each segment of harmony, and finally adding them up as the total fitness value of the whole harmony. A larger-scale instance from the real-life manufacturing enterprise is used to evaluate the performance of the proposed HS algorithm. The computational results show that the proposed HS algorithm outperforms the current solution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all)	Assigning,Dispatching,Harmony search algorithm,Multiple-load AGVs,Sequencing
Novel Design and Implementation of Automated Luggage Carrier for an Airport System	2019	Proceedings - 9th IEEE International Conference on Control System, Computing and Engineering, ICCSCE 2019	2019 IEEE.Different approaches have been taken over the last decades to improve airport systems. In this research, an automated luggage carrying mechanism (ALC) has been proposed in order to overcome various problems encountered in luggage handling. Therefore, several features like, safety and security enabled machine design based on ANSI and European standards, usage of optimum airport parking facilities, automated luggage unloading, and user convenience design were included in the ALC research. Verification of the research was done mainly on simulations and experiments. Finally, the operational prototype was built and validated with actual requirements of Bandaranayake International Airport of Sri Lanka.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sri Lanka	0	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Signal Processing,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	airports,automation,luggage carrier,mobile robots,product design,safety,sensors,simulation
Cellular layout design using Tabu search, a case study	2019	RAIRO - Operations Research	EDP Sciences, ROADEF, SMAI 2019.This paper presents a facility layout design for a cellular manufacturing system (CMS), with the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) as the transportation device, to minimize the total material handling costs. A new concept of assigning the workstations to the non-overlapping closed zones, by which independent AGVs are allocated for internal transfer of materials/parts in each zone, is proposed. To handle this problem, a mathematical programming model is developed. The problem has been shown to be NP-hard. This computational difficulty has led us to consider suboptimal solutions generated by a Tabu search with three algorithmic variants. To evaluate the efficiencies of these algorithms, an ANOVA statistical test is performed and the best algorithm is designated. The solution of the new algorithms is then compared with the solution obtained by the CPLEX software. The result indicates that the designated algorithm can provide an average solution with a small deviation of only 0.01% from the optimal solution. This algorithm is also applied to a real-world case problem. The use of this algorithm for re-designing of the layout for the real-world case problem shows considerable cost saving comparing to its existing layout design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Cellular manufacturing system,Facility layout,Power train manufacturing,Real-world case problem,Tabu search
Towards a Plug and Play Architecture for a Materialflow Handling System	2019	2019 IEEE Conference on Open System, ICOS 2019	2019 IEEE.The automated intra logistic systems on the market nowadays consist most commonly of a fleet of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) from one vendor specifically configured for one well defined and very structured operation environment. This might lead to a vendor lock causing a costly reconfiguration and limited scalability. In this paper we focus on a novel approach aimed at a plug and play integration of heterogeneous AGVs into a materialflow handling system to support a highly heterogeneous fleet of AGVs. The automatic registration process makes a new AGV a part of the system, ready to get tasks assigned. Through the plug and play capability, it is possible to increase the overall logistics capacity by adding AGVs to an already operating fleet. We propose a solution based on the FIWARE platform to extend a manufacturing execution system and to provide a highly configurable materialflow handling. This paper also proposes a strategy of monitoring an application without a dedicated heartbeat by reusing a data packet.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Fault detection,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Logistics,Multi-robot systems,System integration
An algorithm for routing heterogeneous vehicles in robotized warehouses	2019	5th Panhellenic Conference on Electronics and Telecommunications, PACET 2019	2019 IEEE.Over the past decades, warehouses and storage facilities have been using robotic vehicles in order to lower the cost of production and increase overall efficiency. Many researchers have attempted to solve the internal routing problem of a warehouse, and as a result, there are a number of routing algorithms that could potentially be used in a warehouse. However, most of them are static and cannot take multiple robots and their characteristics into account. This paper proposes an innovative algorithm to solve this problem. The algorithm utilizes multiple robots, tailoring the path for each robot based on its specifications, i.e., speed, type and current position in order to reduce the delivery time and overall increase the efficiency of the warehouse. We have performed an experimental evaluation of the algorithm in multiple artificially synthetic warehouse environments and demonstrated that the algorithm can find a solution in all environments within reasonable time frame.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	automation,autonomous robot,robotics,robotized warehouse,warehouse routing
Development and application of underground intelligent explosive vehicles	2019	Proceedings - 2019 2nd World Conference on Mechanical Engineering and Intelligent Manufacturing, WCMEIM 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper analyzes the present situation and development trend of charging blasting process in underground metal mines in China, Introduces the key technology of intelligent explosive field mixed loading vehicle for underground mine. The research focuses on the autonomous driving and barrier technology of the underground intelligent explosive vehicle, the remote (range of visibility) wireless remote control and automatic hole finding technology of the working arm, the automatic sending and returning of the explosive pipe and the identification technology of the bottom of the hole. The industrial application experiment of underground intelligent explosive mfxed loading vehicle in Fankou Lead Zinc mine is introduced. The application results show that the underground explosive vehicle in China has fully realized the automation and intelligence of underground charging. This equipment effectively improves the charging efficiency and safety.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	Autonomous,Driving,Explosive,Intelligent,Searching,Underground,Vehicle
Design and development of z-robot for industrial applications	2019	International Journal of Innovative Technology and Exploring Engineering	BEIESP.The last few decades have demonstrated the benefit of fast, vast and inexpensive robots in production sectors. Robots in the industry can be cooperative or supportive to the workers. Some significant tasks such as, industrial automation, painting, welding, package loading and unloading, cutting and application specific tasks can be performed using industrial robotic arm. The aim of the project is to pick and place the objects in industries using robot arms. Z-Robot is a double arm robot. The robot arms follow the loop in a program to run the servo motors. Arduino program stores the position of each motor. When the pick command is received servo motors fixed with the robot arms start rotating based on the program and picks up the object. When the drop command is received the robot arms drops down the object. The pick and place operations can be done in any direction. End effectors connected with arm setup is used to pick and place the object.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science (all),Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Arm,Pick and place,Robot
A flexible job shop cell scheduling with sequence-dependent family setup times and intercellular transportation times using conic scalarization method	2019	International Transactions in Operational Research	2017 The Authors. International Transactions in Operational Research  2017 International Federation of Operational Research SocietiesIn this paper, we propose novel mathematical models involving both single- and biobjective functions that deal with a flexible job shop scheduling problem in cellular manufacturing environment by taking into consideration exceptional parts, intercellular moves, intercellular transportation times, sequence-dependent family setup times, and recirculation. The problem has been known as NP-hard. The proposed models have been tested and solved using Lingo 11.0 with minimization of makespan for the problems involving about 4 cells, 4 part families, 15 parts, and 12 machines. The most suitable model among the proposed single-objective models is determined using the test results. Then, another objective function as total tardiness is added to this model. The obtained biobjective model is solved using the scalarization methods, the weighted sum method, ɛ-constraint method, and conic scalarization method (CSM), in order to convert the mathematical model's objectives into a single-objective function. By utilizing these scalarization methods, the Pareto effective solutions are generated for a specific test problem. The advantages of the CSM are demonstrated by considering the Pareto effective solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	7	Business and International Management,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation	cell scheduling,conic scalarization method,intercell move,mixed nonlinear integer programming,multiobjective optimization,sequence-dependent family setup time
Intelligent Vehicle System Problems and Future Impacts for Transport Guidelines	2019	Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Smart Systems and Inventive Technology, ICSSIT 2019	2019 IEEE.This research paper analyses the opportunities and challenges that are linked to the transportation rules, which may possibly be seen in Autonomous Vehicles (AVs) technological advancements. The AV advances have the capacity to diminish the costs incurred in transportation whereas boosting the rate of accessibility of services to low-class population and individuals who face constant mobility problems. The introduction of these technologies has considered a significant number of applications and effects that are beyond human expectations. This research presents an analytical survey of the fundamental literature that explores wide speculation of problems from machine to safety ethical concerns. A vital Section of the AV tech advancement prospects is based on the communication concerning infrastructure and Connected Vehicle (CV). The main skill gap is evident in AV technologies, which is linked to routing behaviors. The connected car technologies deliver a significant deal purposed to enhance intelligent and efficient routing frameworks. As such, we recommend a conceptual Intelligent Vehicle Systems (IVSs) centered on AVs fleets, which have been dispatched centrally on networking system optimization. This paper adds the present literature since it focusses on future opportunities and the problems evident in the application of AV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	Autonomous Vehicle (AV),Connected Vehicle (CV),Electric Vehicle (EV),Intelligent Vehicle Systems (IVSs)
Autonomous and Automated Vehicles-The Future Transportation Systems	2019	Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Smart Systems and Inventive Technology, ICSSIT 2019	2019 IEEE.Automated Vehicles (AV) are already in existence in developed countries such as the US and other nations in the Middle East. The present concerns concerning AV are not linked to the dilemma of whether the tech advancements have to be implemented or not. Instead, these concerns revolve around the main implications of these technologies in the effort of developing smart transportation frameworks in the world we live in. Moreover, there is a major concern about the likelihood of their systems being automated and remain in a manner which can be controlled by human beings. Apart from that, there is a major question: how does mobility transform the independent operations of autos dominant on highways? This question throws in another concern that involves the public being appraised fully and how science will affect the rate of communication through the various forms of social media. With that regard, this paper seeks to evaluate the concern and recommend strategies that can be used to mitigate the present emergent issue in transportation services.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	Automated Vehicles (AVs),Autonomy,Future Transport Services,Individuated Technology
Voice-activated open-loop control of wireless home automation system for multi-functional devices	2019	2019 5th IEEE International WIE Conference on Electrical and Computer Engineering, WIECON-ECE 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.In this modern age of technological advancements, everything seeks smarter and simpler approach. Home is a place for people needing professional care or supervision. Home automation is necessary to assure comfort, ease and convenient purposes. It refers to the automation of appliances, security and other residential functions that can be remotely controlled using devices like mobile phone, computer etc. This work resembles the design and implementation of voice controlled home automation system. The design attempts for wireless control over multifunctional devices such as light, fan and door. The proposed design provides a way in which the user is able to control the magnitude of the properties and ensures the suitable brightness and intensity of the appliances. Moreover, the design consists of an automatically operated wheel chair which can be navigated to different rooms in a house by voice commands. An android app has been developed to receive and process the voice commands from Google assistance. This proposed system uses an Embedded system (ES) as the controller which is connected to android app via Bluetooth communication for data transferring. The system can provide a huge assistance for physically challenged people with a very low cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Bangladesh	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Hardware and Architecture,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	Automated guided carrier,Automated home,Fan,Light,Proteus and Arduino
Calibration Method of Mecanum Wheeled Mobile Robot Odometer	2019	Proceedings - 2019 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper described a novel method for intrinsic calibration to reduce positioning errors dynamically. The odometry errors generated by movement of mobile robot had bad effects on the function of robot, such as the path planning and SLAM. We constructed the kinematic and dynamic of mecanum wheels. For static calibration, corrective indices were designed to compensate for the longitudinal, lateral and angular errors of mobile robot. For dynamic calibration, the dynamic parameters calculated by the least squared method was used to estimate the maximum acceleration index. The effectiveness of this method was proved by experiments of square and curved trajectories on mobile robot. Comparing to others, the Results showed that our method could improve the position errors by at least 80%. This method could be considered as a higher priority calibration method for odometer errors of mecanum wheel mobile robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Automotive Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	corrective indices,kinematic and dynamic formulation,mecanum wheel mobile robot,positioning errors
Deadlock Prevention of Self-Driving Vehicles in a Network of Intersections	2019	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.Recently, new research activities have emerged for controlling traffic. Since future vehicles will travel autonomously and communicate with their surrounding environment, they will then be able to negotiate the right-of-way at intersections [cooperative intersection management (CIM)] as well as reserve their itinerary (road reservation). Both concepts, i.e., CIM and road reservation, are very promising for relieving traffic congestion. The scope of this paper is to prevent deadlock under real-time conditions, by taking advantage of these two concepts. This paper presents an appropriate graph to model the network of intersections and a sufficient condition for obtaining deadlock-free traffic with a specified route from their origin to their destination. In addition, it proposes a hierarchical approach in which a network server, intersection servers, and vehicles contribute to improving the traffic condition. Simulations were performed on a network of 25 interconnected intersections, as well as, on a real urban network to prove the effectiveness of the model. The results are presented and discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	cooperative intersection management,Deadlock prevention,traffic modeling,V2X communication
Flexible Assembly Shop Scheduling Based on Improved Genetic Algorithm	2019	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics 2019, SOLI 2019	2019 IEEE.The development of intelligent manufacturing has provided new ideas and technical support for traditional manufacturing. Aiming at overcoming the shortcomings of the lack of flexibility of the traditional assembly line, this paper proposes a flexible assembly shop scheduling model based on the assembly island mode, which has the advantages of flexibility and intelligence. An improved genetic algorithm is used to solve the problem. And the disturbance mutation operator is used to perturb the mutation probability according to the variation, which avoids the algorithm falling into local optimum. In order to fully consider the influence of AGV transportation time, a variation operation method based on the shortest transportation and assembly time is designed to accelerate the convergence speed of the algorithm. Finally, the feasibility and effectiveness of the model and algorithm are verified by simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Strategy and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	AGV,assembly island,Flexible assembly,intelligent manufacturing
M-Estimator Application in Real-Time Sensor Fusion for Smooth Position Feedback of Heavy-Duty Field Robots	2019	Proceedings of the IEEE 2019 9th International Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems and Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics, CIS and RAM 2019	2019 IEEE.In this paper, we study the performance of a complementary filter with adaptive weights in a sensor fusion application for real-time localization of an omnidirectional field robot. The test-case robot is a large, four-wheel drive and steer (4WDS) construction vehicle with nonlinear internal dynamics and hydraulic driving and steering actuators. Our objective is to provide the vehicle's real-time controller with robust, smooth feedback that prevents unnecessary oscillations in steering, which can waste significant amounts of energy. We do so by assigning weights for measurements based on their consistency with the robot's motions. The calculations are based on two main data sources: (1) measured velocity vectors from wheel driving (odometer) and steering of the 4WDS test-case robot; and (2) data obtained from a differential global navigation satellite system on the absolute pose of the robot. We show that the sensor fusion is robust to the noise and single point failures of the sensors, while the maximum heading oscillations are reduced by 70%-95%, preserving the accuracy of the global positioning system. Moreover, we demonstrate the feasibility and efficacy of the real-time implementation of this filtering method in path-following control of the robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	0	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	GNSS,GPS,heavy-dutyfield robot,motion estimation,path following,sensor fusion,wheel odometry
Assisted Diagnostics Methodology for Complex High-Tech Applications	2019	2019 4th International Conference on System Reliability and Safety, ICSRS 2019	2019 IEEE.Controlling the operations and resolving product performance issues in today's high-tech production systems, such as semiconductor fabs, becomes a cumbersome task, even for experienced field engineers. To address the pressing need for assisted diagnostics approaches, in this paper we propose a model-based step-wise methodology, based on domain-specific languages and Bayesian networks, to capture domain knowledge and allow automated and guided reasoning in complex end-to-end diagnostics flow. We illustrate the methodology components and show its applied strength in a real industrial setting of semiconductor production chains.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	Bayesian network,Domain-specific language,Knowledge based diagnostics,Model-driven engineering,Probabilistic reasoning
Service-based architecture with product-centric control in a production island-based agile factory	2019	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Industrial Internet Cloud, ICII 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper presents the Aalto Factory of the Future, an ongoing initiative in establishing an agile, net-centric production-island based factory utilizing service oriented architecture concepts. Recent progress towards realizing the software architecture with product-centric control in the facility is reported in this paper, which features communication between different production islands, and actors in the space between the production islands and humans.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Agile-manufacturing,Automated-guided-vehicle,Industrial-internet-of-Things,Industry-4.0,Mobile-robots,Production-islands,Service-oriented-architecture
Hardware Design for Intelligent IoT Approach to Optimize Parking Slots	2019	Proceedings - 2019 International Conference on Advanced Computing and Applications, ACOMP 2019	2019 IEEE.One of the existing problems in mega city is that the investment on infrastructure does not match with the overpopulation. Together with these troubles, there is no more parking slot for citizen. As a result, the new trends to be smart cities is to increase parking slots, as well as supervise the operation of parking and visualize on control panel. In this paper, the proposed system which is able to operate automatically, guarantee the safety in considering to human, is demonstrated in this paper. The analysis of possible solution including mechanical platform, operating principle and control topology is mentioned. The Internet of Things (IoT) technique that support the operator in monitoring and management is integrated in this system. To verify the effectiveness and feasibility of design, the experimental system is completed to test practical performance. From these results, it is proper for the growth of population in super city.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture	automation system,intelligent parking,motion control,smart city
Reactive Obstacle Avoidance Strategy Based on Fuzzy Neural Network and Arc Trajectory	2019	Proceedings - 2019 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2019	2019 IEEE.To solve the obstacle avoidance of a wheeled mobile robot in the target navigation process, a method based on arc trajectory and fuzzy neural network is proposed. Although some related works consider linear and angular velocities as control inputs, the sample inputs of the training neural network are too subjective and not very easy to select. In this paper, a very clear sample set can be established by CAD software. Then through network training and kinematics model transformation, the linear velocity of two wheels is obtained as the control input. Finally, the advantages of this method are demonstrated by STDR and ROS simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Automotive Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	Fuzzy neural network,Navigation,Wheeled mobile robot
Control of airflow in ventilation systems using embedded systems on microcontrollers	2019	Microsystem Technologies	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.This paper describes the development of a proportional-integral-derivative (PID) controller for regulation of the airflow in a ventilation system. The flow was adjusted by controlling the speed of the fan installed in the system. The PID control algorithm was developed for an embedded system in an Atmega 2560 microcontroller contained in an Arduino Mega development kit, where the airflow rate was detected by a Hall-effect sensor that generated a pulsed signal at a frequency proportional to the speed of the fan. Simulation results were used to parameterize the control algorithm, minimizing the benchtop development time. Full details of the procedure are presented in order to assist future PID proposals involving embedded systems in microcontrollers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
The manipulator path planning of bolt disassembly based on improved genetic algorithm and a∗ algorithm	2019	2019 6th International Conference on Systems and Informatics, ICSAI 2019	2019 IEEE.The manipulator is widely applied in bolt disassembly in the field of remanufacturing. The intelligent manipulator with the ability of generating suitable operating path is increasingly required. To improve the path planning ability of manipulator in bolt disassembly, a strategy of dual path planning using a hybrid algorithm which combines an improved genetic algorithm (GA) and A∗ algorithm is proposed in this paper. The model of bolt disassembly sequence and algorithm are first established to find out the shortest disassembly path. The improvement of selecting and crossing operators are designed to enhance the stability and efficiency of basic GA. Both basic GA and improved GA are used and compared in the simulation of path planning with MATLAB. Then, the A∗ algorithm is adopted to accomplish the obstacle avoidance based on the path obtained with improved GA. Last, the experiment focusing on the bolt disassembly of a specific reduction gearbox is performed, and the correctness and feasibility of the hybrid algorithm are verified in the simulation and experiment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Health Informatics,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	A,Algorithm,Bolt disassembly,Improved genetic algorithm,Path planning
Topology-Based Evaluation for Symbolic Indoor Positioning Algorithms	2019	IEEE Transactions on Industry Applications	1972-2012 IEEE.Smart factories require location aware services such as asset tracking. These location aware services should be based on indoor positioning systems. Symbolic indoor positioning is considered as a classification task, where each category denotes a well-defined part of the building, such as a room or corridor. Hence, standard classifiers can be applied to symbolic indoor positioning. A topology-based classification evaluation method is presented that calculates the classification error based on the gravitational force between the symbolic positions denoted by categories. Three variants of the proposed topology-based method is evaluated and compared to the CRISP approach. The comparison was performed over a dataset recorded in a three-storey building whose topology is given in Indoor Geographic Markup Language format. Experimental results showed that the topology-based method gives a more detailed comparison of classifiers for indoor positioning than CRISP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Accuracy,classification,Indoor Geographic Markup Language (IndoorGML),indoor positioning,location awareness
A tabu search algorithm for distribution network optimization with discrete split deliveries and soft time windows	2019	Cluster Computing	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.To save the distribution network costs, the vehicle routing problem with split deliveries by order and soft time windows is studied. In this paper, the flexibility of the distribution system is enhanced via soft time windows, the requirement for non-split deliveries is loosened, and a new form of discrete split deliveries is defined. The new form of split deliveries by order is agreed for splitting. Giving considerations to split deliveries by order, soft time windows and working time constraints, a corresponding multi-objective mathematical model is constructed, and an adaptive tabu search algorithm with dynamic tabu list and multi-neighborhood structure is designed to solve the problem. The effectiveness of the new algorithm is verified by the example testing and comparison.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Software,Computer Networks and Communications	Distribution,Soft time windows,Split deliveries,Split deliveries by order,Tabu search algorithm,Vehicle routing problem
Review on healthcare supply chain	2019	Proceedings of IEEE/ACS International Conference on Computer Systems and Applications, AICCSA	2019 IEEE.The aim of this paper is to contribute to increased understanding of the health care Supply chain concept and its potential for hospital managers to optimize service delivery cost and improve the processes to combine internal efficiency and effectiveness focusing on the impact of ICT on this field. Thus, this literature review attempts to better understand the 'patient-centered' Supply Chain performance across the healthcare environment, and further demonstrate the ICT usage trends in the healthcare supply chain industry, both objectives focusing on the 'within' the hospitals domain.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Arab Emirates	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Signal Processing,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Health care supply chain,Healthcare Inventory management,Hospital,Literature review,Supply chain management,Supply Chain performance
A State-based Extension to STPA for Safety-Critical System-of-Systems	2019	2019 4th International Conference on System Reliability and Safety, ICSRS 2019	2019 IEEE.Automation of earth moving machinery enables improving existing production workflows in various applications like surface mines, material handling operations or material transporting. Such connected and collaborating autonomous machines can be seen as a system-of-systems. It is not yet clear how to consider safety during the development of such system-of-systems (SoS). One potentially useful approach to analyze the safety for complex systems is the System Theoretic Process Analysis (STPA). However, STPA is essentially suitable to static monolithic systems and lacks the ability to deal with emergent and dysfunctional behaviors in the case of SoS. These behaviors if not identified could potentially lead to hazards and it is important to provide mechanisms for SoS developers/integrators to capture such critical situations. In this paper, we present an approach for enriching STPA to provide the ability to check whether the distributed constituent systems of a SoS have a consistent perspective of the global state which is necessary to ensure safety. In other words, these checks must be capable at least to identify and highlight inconsistencies that can lead to critical situations. We describe the above approach by taking a specific case of state change related issues that could potentially be missed by STPA by looking at an industrial case. By applying Petri nets, we show that possible critical situations related to state changes are not identified by STPA. In this context we also propose a model-based extension to STPA and show how our new process could function in tandem with STPA.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	Autonomous machines,Hazard analysis and risk assessment,Petri net,Safety,STPA,System-of-systems
Rao-Blackwellised particle filtering for low-cost encoder/INS/GNSS integrated vehicle navigation with wheel slipping	2019	IET Radar, Sonar and Navigation	The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2019.This study presents a Rao-Blackwellised particle filter (RBPF)-based encoder/inertial navigation system (INS)/global navigation satellite system (GNSS) integration method for improving the navigation performance of an autonomous land vehicle (ALV) with wheel slipping. In contrast to traditional integration methods, the proposed integration method introduces an overall wheel slip consideration for the ALV, which greatly improves the accuracy of the velocity estimation, especially when the inertial sensor is low cost. Additionally, the proposed integrated system uses double-difference pseudorange measurements instead of single point positioning results provided by low-cost GNSS receivers, which greatly improves the accuracy of the position estimation. To verify the navigation performance of the proposed integrated system, comparisons between the states estimated by the proposed system, the EKF-based integrated system and the joint wheel-slip and motion-estimation system are provided. The results of the experiment show that the proposed integrated system has the highest accuracy in both the position estimation and the velocity estimation among the three compared systems, and can improve the navigation performance during GNSS signals outages.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Mobile robot for marking free access floors at construction sites	2019	Automation in Construction	2019 The AuthorsImproving of the productivity of construction work is an urgent task, because the shortage of construction workers in Japan has become a major social issue. Marking work for building materials that is currently performed manually is an indispensable part of the construction process. Its possible automation would allow construction workers to focus on the installation step and thus significantly boost their productivity. In this study an automated mobile robotic system for marking free access floors has been developed. Building such floors requires drawing grid-pattern lines whose intersections (representing the positions of future pedestal bases) can be automatically marked by the proposed system consisting of a mobile robot with a marking device at its center and a laser positioning unit. Cross marks are drawn on the floor by controlling the marking device, while the laser positioning unit accurately moves a line laser along a designated direction and measures the distance to a projected object. The marking robot tracks the line laser and arrives at a designated point. The deviation between the designated position and the robot center is calculated, and the cross mark is drawn exactly at the former location. The marking performance of the developed robotic system has been evaluated by conducting an experiments inside a 6 m × 6.5 m area at a construction site. It is found that the average deviation between the marked and designated positions is 2.3 mm, while 77% of all deviations are smaller than 3 mm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction	Construction site,Free access floor,Marking,Mobile robot,Omnidirectional vehicle,Tracking
System of Systems Hazard Analysis Using HAZOP and FTA for Advanced Quarry Production	2019	2019 4th International Conference on System Reliability and Safety, ICSRS 2019	2019 IEEE.The advanced production systems are composed of separate and distinct systems that operate in both isolation and conjunction, and therefore forms the System-of-Systems (SoS). However, a lot of production systems are classified as safety-critical, for example, due to the interactions between machines and involved materials. From the safety perspective, besides the behaviour of an individual system in SoS, the emergent behaviour of systems that comes from their individual actions and interactions must be considered. An unplanned event or sequence of events in safety-critical production systems may results in human injury or death, damage to machines or the environment. This paper focuses on the construction equipment domain, particularly the quarry site, which solely produce dimension stone and/or gravel products. The principal contribution of this paper is SoS hazard identification and mitigation/elimination for the electric quarry site for which the combination of guide words based collaborative method Hazard and Operability (HAZOP) and Fault Tree Analysis (FTA) are used. The published studies on HAZOP and FTA techniques have not considered the emergent behaviours of different machines. The applicability of particular techniques is demonstrated for individual and emergent behaviours of machines used in the quarry operations, such as autonomous hauler, wheel loader, excavator and crusher.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	Emergent behaviours,Hazard analysis and risk assessment,Safety and autonomous machines,System-of-systems
A Conceptual Modeling Framework for Evaluating the Performance of Predictive Maintenance for Modern, Real-World Production Systems using Potentials and Risks of Industry 4.0	2019	2019 4th International Conference on System Reliability and Safety, ICSRS 2019	2019 IEEE.The overall performance of real world production systems is heavily influenced by the applied mix of maintenance strategies. The choice is dependent on various factors which need to be understood and investigated in detail. The emerging trend towards AI-based prognostic models bring advantages in model creation but also disadvantages in prediction quality. To accomplish this, we introduce a conceptual model, which serves as a basis for a simulation model. The latter may be used as a testbed for evaluating different combinations of applied maintenance strategies with respect to throughput, availabilities and maintenance resources.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Austria	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	AI-based prognostics,Conceptual model,Maintenance strategy selection problem,Predictive maintenance,Production systems
Energy modeling and experimental validation of four-wheel mecanum mobile robots for energy-optimal motion control	2019	Symmetry	2019 by the authors.Four-wheel Mecanum mobile robots (FWMRs) are widely used in transportation because of their omnidirectional mobility. However, the FWMR trades off energy efficiency for flexibility. To efficiently predict the energy consumption of the robot movement processes, this paper proposes a power consumption model for the omnidirectional movement of an FWMR. A power consumption model is of great significance for reducing the power consumption, motion control, and path planning of robots. However, FWMRs are highly maneuverable, meaning their control is complicated and their energy modeling is extremely complex. The speed, distance, path, and power consumption of the robot can vary greatly depending on the control method. This energy model was mathematically implemented in MATLAB and validated by our laboratory's Mecanum wheel robot. The prediction accuracy of the model was over 95% through simulation and experimental verification.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Chemistry (miscellaneous),Mathematics (all),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous)	Mobile robots,Robot energy consumption reduction,Robot energy modeling,Symmetrical structure
Obstacle Avoidance Path Planning based on Output Constrained Model Predictive Control	2019	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2019, ICROS, KIEE and Springer.Image processing and control technologies have been widely studied and autonomous vehicles have become an active research area. For autonomous driving, it is essential to generate a safe obstacle avoidance path considering the surrounding environment. This paper devised an algorithm based on a real-time output constrained model predictive control for obstacle avoidance path planning in high speed driving situations. The proposed algorithm was compared with the normal model predictive control algorithm by simulation, including operation times to verify robustness for high speed driving situations. We used the ISO 2631-1 comfort level standard to quantify driver comfort fo r both cases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Comfort level,model predictive control,obstacle avoidance,path planning,vehicle dynamics
Optical Coherence Tomography Guided Robotic Device for Autonomous Needle Insertion in Cornea Transplant Surgery	2019	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	2019 IEEE.This paper reports the design and evaluation of a novel robotic device for cornea transplant surgery. The device enables the OCT-sensor guided Big Bubble hydro-dissection approach for deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty (DALK) cornea transplant surgery. DALK is highly challenging because it requires precise placement of a needle into the stroma of the cornea down to Descemets Membrane (DM) and injects a fluid to separate the remaining stroma from Descemet's membrane. Finally, the stroma is removed and replaced with the donor cornea graft. Compared to traditional penetrating keratoplasty (PK), which involves a full-thickness graft, this method significantly reduces the risk of rejection of the donor cornea by keeping the DM intact. A comparison of autonomous OCT guided needle insertions with expert manual needle insertions showed that the device significantly increased the precision and consistency of the needle placement, which could lead to better visual outcomes and fewer complications. In a study on cadaver porcine eyes, the measured insertion depth as a percentage of cornea thickness for the robotic device was 90.05% +/- 2.33% compared to 79.16% +/- 5.68% for manual insertions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Product segmentation and sustainability in customized assembly with respect to the basic elements of industry 4.0	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Sustainable manufacturing is not just about manufacturing, but also products and services. In the area of custom production processes, there may also be circumstances of organizational management where compliance with labor productivity and the due-date principle is problematic. Similar products with different operating times cause the throughput of assembly lines to slow down, increase number of works in progress (WIP), and increase productivity waste. It is possible to reduce this impact through various productivity-enhancing methods and innovations. This paper presents an innovative approach to product segmentation in the assembly phase of custom manufacturing, and a proposal for a new segmentation procedure that will allow significantly better integration of products into existing assembly processes without negatively impacting the company's production indicators. The scientific problem was defined on the basis that extending existing segmentation by the third dimension of operating times allows products in MTO (made to order) environments to be divided into families with approximately equal operating times. This will increase assembly efficiency in existing medium to large companies without large investments in the development and adaptation of assembly process products. The contributions of this work relate mainly to simple adaptations to existing processes in medium-sized businesses. The proposed solution respects the basic elements of Industry 4.0.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	2	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Adaptive assembly,Operating times,Product segmentation,Sustainable manufacturing
FPGA-based mechatronic design and real-time fuzzy control with computational intelligence optimization for omni-mecanum-wheeled autonomous vehicles	2019	Electronics (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This study presents a field-programmable gate array (FPGA)-based mechatronic design and real-time fuzzy control method with computational intelligence optimization for omni-Mecanum-wheeled autonomous vehicles. With the advantages of cuckoo search (CS), an evolutionary CS-based fuzzy system is proposed, called CS-fuzzy. The CS’s computational intelligence was employed to optimize the structure of fuzzy systems. The proposed CS-fuzzy computing scheme was then applied to design an optimal real-time control method for omni-Mecanum-wheeled autonomous vehicles with four wheels. Both vehicle model and CS-fuzzy optimization are considered to achieve intelligent tracking control of Mecanum mobile vehicles. The control parameters of the Mecanum fuzzy controller are online-adjusted to provide real-time capability. This methodology outperforms the traditional offline-tuned controllers without computational intelligences in terms of real-time control, performance, intelligent control and evolutionary optimization. The mechatronic design of the experimental CS-fuzzy based autonomous mobile vehicle was developed using FPGA realization. Some experimental results and comparative analysis are discussed to examine the effectiveness, performance, and merit of the proposed methods against other existing approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Computational intelligence,Evolutionary,Mecanum vehicle,Real-time
A fog computing enabled virtual power plant model for delivery of frequency restoration reserve services	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Nowadays, centralized energy grid systems are transitioning towards more decentralized systems driven by the need for efficient local integration of new deployed small scale renewable energy sources. The high limits for accessing the energy markets and also for the delivery of ancillary services act as a barrier for small scale prosumers participation forcing the implementation of new cooperative business models at the local level. This paper is proposing a fog computing infrastructure for the local management of energy systems and the creation of coalitions of prosumers able to provide ancillary services to the grid. It features an edge devices layer for energy monitoring of individual prosumers, a fog layer providing Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) techniques for managing local energy systems by implementing cooperative models, and a cloud layer where the service specific technical requirements are defined. On top, a model has been defined allowing the dynamical construction of coalitions of prosumers as Virtual Power Plants at the fog layer for the provisioning of frequency restoration reserve services while considering both the prosumers’ local constraints and the service ones as well as the constituents’ profit maximization. Simulation results show our solution effectiveness in selecting the optimal coalition of prosumers to reliably deliver the service meeting the technical constraints while featuring a low time and computation overhead being feasible to be run closer to the edge.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Romania	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fog computing,Frequency restoration reserve,Modeling,Simulation,Smart energy grid,Virtual power plants
Automatic mode extraction of ultrasonic guided waves using synchrosqueezed wavelet transform	2019	Ultrasonics	2019 Elsevier B.V.Multimodal and dispersive characteristics of ultrasonic guided waves (GWs) cause the wave-packet overlapping in time domain and frequency domain, which challenges the signal interpretation. In this study, we propose an automatic method for individual mode extraction. The inversible synchrosqueezed wavelet transform (SWT) is employed to obtain the high-resolution time-frequency representation (TFR) of the GW signal. Then, two image processing steps, i.e., watershed transform and region growing, are used to process the TFR distributions and extract the TFR trajectory of each individual component. After the TFR segmentation, the individual modes are reconstructed by using the inverse SWT. The algorithm performance is investigated by synthesized multimodal signals. The results show that the reconstructed individual modes are consistent with the original ones. The experimental results measured in a bovine tibia plate and a steel plate are further employed to testify the proposed algorithm. Results suggest that the presented study provides a robust tool for processing multimodal ultrasonic GW signals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Acoustics and Ultrasonics	Mode separation,Synchrosqueezed wavelet transform,Ultrasonic guided waves
Learning-guided network fuzzing for testing cyber-physical system defences	2019	Proceedings - 2019 34th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering, ASE 2019	2019 IEEE.The threat of attack faced by cyber-physical systems (CPSs), especially when they play a critical role in automating public infrastructure, has motivated research into a wide variety of attack defence mechanisms. Assessing their effectiveness is challenging, however, as realistic sets of attacks to test them against are not always available. In this paper, we propose smart fuzzing, an automated, machine learning guided technique for systematically finding 'test suites' of CPS network attacks, without requiring any knowledge of the system's control programs or physical processes. Our approach uses predictive machine learning models and metaheuristic search algorithms to guide the fuzzing of actuators so as to drive the CPS into different unsafe physical states. We demonstrate the efficacy of smart fuzzing by implementing it for two real-world CPS testbeds-a water purification plant and a water distribution system-finding attacks that drive them into 27 different unsafe states involving water flow, pressure, and tank levels, including six that were not covered by an established attack benchmark. Finally, we use our approach to test the effectiveness of an invariant-based defence system for the water treatment plant, finding two attacks that were not detected by its physical invariant checks, highlighting a potential weakness that could be exploited in certain conditions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Software,Control and Optimization	Benchmark generation,Cyber-physical systems,Fuzzing,Machine learning,Metaheuristic optimisation,Testing
A green ideology in Asian emerging economies: From environmental policy and sustainable development	2019	Sustainable Development	2019 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and ERP EnvironmentThis panel study investigates the relationship between green logistics indices, economic, environmental, and social factors in the perspective of Asian emerging economies. This study adopted Fully Modified OLS (FMOLS) Model and Dynamic OLS (DOLS) Model methods to test the research hypothesis, catering the problem of endogeneity and serial correlation. The results suggest that logistics operations, particularly LPI2 (efficiency of customs clearance processes), LPI4 (quality of logistics services), and LPI5 (trade and transport-related infrastructure), are positively and significantly correlated with per capita income, manufacturing value added and trade openness, whereas greater logistics operations are negatively associated with social and environmental problems including, climate change, global warming, carbon emissions, and poisoning atmosphere. In addition, human health is badly affected by heavy smog, acid rainfall, and water pollution. The findings further extend and reveal that political instability, natural disaster, and terrorism are also a primary cause of poor economic growth and environmental sustainability with poor trade and logistics infrastructure. There is very limited empirical work presented in the literature using renewable energy and green ideology to solve macro-level social and environmental problems, and this study will assist the policy makers and researchers to understand the importance of the green concept in improving countries' social, economic, and environmental performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	29	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Development	carbon emissions,education expenditure,environmental degradation,foreign direct investments,health expenditure,renewable energy
Research on Improved Localization and Navigation Algorithm for Automatic Guided Vehicle	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2019 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Aiming at the problem of inaccurate positioning caused by the wheel slippage or "kidnapping" movement of the robot in the positioning navigation, an improved autonomous positioning navigation strategy based on the robot operating system (ROS) is proposed. Firstly, combined with adaptive Monte Carlo localization (AMCL) algorithm and laser-based point-and-line iterative closest/corresponding point (PLICP) pose estimation algorithm, the accuracy and robustness of positioning are effectively improved. Then, based on the path planning strategy combining A∗ algorithm and dynamic window algorithm (DWA), an improved navigation failure recovery method is proposed and integrated into the ROS navigation framework, which can effectively improve the efficiency of robot positioning navigation and task execution. Finally, the mobile robot model TurtleBot is used as the experimental platform. The simulation experiment and field test demonstrate that the improved algorithm is superior to the original algorithm. The improved algorithm can adapt to the inaccuracy of the odometer and can achieve accurate localization and navigation in long-distance environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Sensor Perception and Motion Planning for an Autonomous Material Handling Vehicle	2019	SAE Technical Papers	2019 SAE International. All Rights Reserved.The ground mobile robotics study is structured on the two pivotal members namely Sensor Perception and Motion Planning. Sensor perception or Exteroception comprises the ability of measurement of the layout of the environment relative to vehicle's frame of reference which is a necessity for the implementation of safe navigation towards the goal destination in an unstructured environment. Environment scanning has played a significant role in mobile robots application to investigate the unexplored environment in the sector of defence while transporting and handling material in warehouse and hospitals. Motion Planning is a conjunction of analyzing the sensor's information while being able to plan the route from starting point to the target destination. In this paper, a 3600 2-D LiDAR is used to capture the spatial information of the surrounding, the scanning results are presented in a local map and global map. The LiDAR's output is further transformed into an Occupancy grid for the comprehension of the Motion planning module to process the path. Probabilistic Roadmap and Vector Field Histogram are two methods used for Motion Planning. The entire process of the graphical output of the map and simulations were carried out using Robotics System Toolbox in Matlab-Simulink.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Performance of LiFePO4 batteries in parallel based on connection topology	2019	Applied Energy	2019Connection topology directly affects the performance of a battery pack, which must satisfy the demand of all-weather environments and the complex operating conditions of electric vehicles. Currently, studies focus on battery state estimation and inconsistency reduction to obtain high energy efficiency and long lifetimes, while lacking a comprehensive analysis of the battery inconsistency generation mechanism. Here, a method based on the battery posts position and connector resistance is developed to explain how connection topology affects the performance of LiFePO4/graphite batteries in parallel by experiments and theoretical analysis. Quantitative analyses of the interactions between current distribution and battery internal resistance, battery internal resistance and connector resistance, as well as load current rate and battery self-equalization, are discussed. The results indicate that the asynchronous change of individual cell voltage causes the voltage fluctuation of the battery module. The battery module has a larger available capacity at small current rates than at large ones. However, over-charge and over-discharge of individual cells are more likely to occur. Therefore, the cut-off conditions should be adjusted according to load current rates. Research on battery connection topology can directly contribute to better performance of the battery module, and improve the efficiency, reliability and economy of electric vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Building and Construction,Energy (all),Mechanical Engineering,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Battery internal resistance,Battery self-equalization,Connection topology,Current distribution,Parallel battery module
Multi Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) cardboard carrier using wireless communication	2019	IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This paper presents Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) to move cardboard from one place to another using modul communication method as communication medium between AGV. In previous agv usage agv operation is done automatically with human monitoring to allow agv to operate within its working area and no accident occurs between agv. In this study, the input signal value of the received signal strength indicator (RSSI) method is used to control and regulate the alternate workspace. The test results show that the use of the received signal strength indicator (RSSI) method can optimize AGV work with work orders that are run interchangeably when some agv go to the same point. Furthermore, Line Follower system can accelerate the operation of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) on the determination of the operation path.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Environmental Science (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	Automated Guided Vehicle,NRF24l01,Received Signal Strength Indicator
A novel learning-based global path planning algorithm for planetary rovers	2019	Neurocomputing	2019 Elsevier B.V.Autonomous path planning algorithm is significant to planetary exploration rovers, since relying on commands from Earth will heavily reduce their efficiency of executing exploration missions. In this paper, a novel learning-based algorithm is proposed to deal with global path planning problem for planetary exploration rovers. Specifically, a novel deep convolutional neural network with dual branches (DB-CNN) is designed and trained, which can plan path directly from orbital images of planetary surfaces without implementing environment mapping. Moreover, the planning procedure requires no prior knowledge about planetary surface terrains. Finally, experimental results demonstrate that DB-CNN achieves better performance on global path planning and faster convergence during training compared with the existing Value Iteration Network (VIN).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	Global path planning,Learning-based algorithm,Orbital images,Planetary exploration rovers
Supply chain flexibility and mass personalization: a systematic literature review	2019	Journal of Business and Industrial Marketing	2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: This paper aims to explore the current state of research on supply chain flexibility (SCF) and mass personalization (MP) to identify the literature findings to date, research gaps and to provide guidelines for future research in this area. Design/methodology/approach: A systematic literature review of 64 papers was undertaken to address the use of SCF as a productive response to MP environments. The methodology used is made up of five steps: formulation of the research questions, identification of studies, selection and evaluation of studies, analysis and synthesis and presentation of the results. Findings: Three main research topics have been identified: personalization levels and flexible processes in supply chain, where flexible processes in supply chain are analysed as a productive response to high levels of MP; supply chain collaborative processes for SCF and MP, where product co-creation and relationships between supply chain members is analysed; and SCF and MP enabling technologies, in which technologies to support MP implementation and SCF are considered. Each of these three main topics have been divided into research lines and research sublines that allowed identifying a positive relationship between the SCF and the MP strategies. Research limitations/implications: Systematic literature review is a methodology reliable and recommended by a large number of scientific papers. However, it depends on available and accessible research studies and the researcher’s criteria. The selection of certain criteria for inclusion and exclusion of papers introduces publication bias, which should be considered an intrinsic limitation to systematic literature review. Originality/value: The main literature findings in each research line and subline related to the SCF-MP relationship are identified and analysed. Furthermore, research gaps and further research lines in the SCF-MP area are highlighted. The information presented in this paper improves the literature on the advances in the SCF use as a productive response to MP environments.	Journal	j	re	Review	Spain	0	Business and International Management,Marketing	Customer microsegmentation,Mass personalization,Supply chain flexibility,Systematic literature review
Research on Quasi-Stop Control of AGV	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2019 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Automatic guided vehicle (AGV) is one of the most important transportation tools in modern manufacturing system.In order to deliver goods to destination safely, accurately and in real time, AGV needs to have accurate parking functions. This paper first analyzes the three factors affecting AGV quasi-stop, such as load, quasi-stop initial speed and quasi-stop control trigger.Secondly, We studied the quasi-stop control system, and a quasi stop control method based on the influence factors of quasi stop is proposed. The efficiency and precision which was achieved by the method are verified experimentally. The results show that the control method improves the accuracy and efficiency of the quasi stop of AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Study on Obstacle Avoidance of AGV based on Fuzzy Neural Network	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 3rd Advanced Information Management, Communicates, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IMCEC 2019	2019 IEEE.As a kind of intelligent car, automated guided vehicle (AGV) belongs to the application direction of wheeled robots and has been widely used in various industrial fields. Because of complex and unpredictable working environment, the obstacle avoidance of AGV has attracted much attention. In this paper, multi-sensor information fusion technology based on back propagation (BP) fuzzy neural network is applied to AGV vehicle obstacle avoidance. Five combinations of infrared sensor and ultrasonic sensor are used to detect the distance of obstacles and one laser sensor is used to scan the direction of targets. The collected data of multiple sensors are fused twice. The simulation results of MATLAB demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems and Management,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV,Back Propagation,fuzzy neural network,multisensor information fusion
Just-in-time routing and scheduling for multiple automated guided vehicles	2019	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	2019 IEEE.For multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) system, it is required to realize just-in-time delivery to minimize the earliness and tardiness of the specified delivery time not only to minimize the total traveling time. In this paper, we propose a heuristic algorithm for just-in-time and conflict-free routing problem of AGVs. The proposed method can derive a near-optimal task assignment and routing and scheduling of multiple AGVs to improve both the JIT performance and the total completion time. In the proposed method, a strategy to avoid collisions ensuring feasibility is proposed. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated by comparing the performance with CPLEX from computational results. The results show that the proposed method can obtain a better solution which is close to an optimal solution with a significantly shorter computational time than that derived from CPLEX.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Effect of nature-inspired algorithms and hybrid dispatching rules on the performance of automatic guided vehicles in the flexible manufacturing system	2019	Journal of the Brazilian Society of Mechanical Sciences and Engineering	2019, The Brazilian Society of Mechanical Sciences and Engineering.The application of nature-inspired algorithms and priority hybrid dispatching rules for simultaneous scheduling and dispatching of automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) are observed to be highly significant for the best utilization of the flexible manufacturing system (FMS) facility. The earlier studies on the use of AGVs in the FMS have generally focused on minimizing the complexity of AGV operations by optimizing their material handling schedule and their routing in different types of FMS configurations. However, this is achieved only by using an appropriate optimizing algorithm and dispatching rule under different FMS operating conditions. The aim of this paper is to use the simulation methodology so as to compare and analyze the combined effect of four experimental factors, namely four types of priority hybrid dispatching rules, three different nature-inspired algorithms, two levels of loading/unloading times and two levels of machine failures, on the different performance parameters of the FMS. The performance parameters of the FMS analyzed are simultaneous minimization in distance travel and backtracking of AGV, the total production rate of the FMS, mean AGV utilization and mean work center utilization in the FMS. Additionally, in order to find the mean and interaction effect of the experimental factors on the aforementioned performance parameters of the FMS, an analysis of variance (ANOVA) is also carried out. From the results, it is observed that the interaction between experimental factors, namely nature-inspired algorithms and loading–unloading time, has a significant effect on the performance measures, namely simultaneous reduction in distance travel and backtracking, mean work center utilization (%) and total production rate of the FMS. The interaction between aforesaid experimental factors has no significant effect on mean AGV utilization (%) in the FMS. However, the interaction between priority hybrid dispatching rules and loading/unloading times is found to have significant effect on the mean work center utilization (%) in the FMS facility.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing system,Nature-inspired algorithms,Priority hybrid dispatching rules
Optimization of indoor localization of automated guided vehicles using ultra-wideband wireless positioning sensors	2019	2019 23rd International Conference on System Theory, Control and Computing, ICSTCC 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.The present work describes the algorithmic and hardware engineering perspectives used to build an optimized Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) robot which can efficiently navigate a warehouse floor plan using a combination of indoor, ultra-wideband wireless positioning sensors, and ultrasonic sensors for obstacle distance measurement and avoidance. The methods behind the trigonometric algorithm modeling are outlined, and several performance tests of the wireless localization system are achieved, both in clear line-of-sight and with adding static, respectively dynamic random interference, in order to verify the high accuracy of the proposed solution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	1	Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization,Process Chemistry and Technology,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Indoor localization,Navigational robots,Robotics,Ultra-wideband positioning,Wireless sensors
Evaluating the RGB Camera Image Resolution Variation Impact on the Performance of an AGV Position Control System	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.The increasing use of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) in the industry points to a search for better techniques and technologies to adapt to market requirements. Proper position control and movement give an AGV greater movement accuracy and greater lateral oscillations stability and vibration. AGVs control techniques are not new, but new sensors applications are possible, such as RGB cameras, imposing the need for dynamic performance tests as an element of control systems. In this sense, it is necessary to ensure the sensor is adequate to control requirements. This work addresses AGVs driven by passive floor demarcations. It presents an analysis of RGB camera as a sensor for AGV control. We performed the experiments with a small AGV prototype on an eight-shaped lane, varying both image resolution parameters. Paper main contribution is a qualitative and quantitative analysis for the different sensor configurations. The experiments confirm sensor pertinence for the proposed control system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Development of an AI-enabled AGV with robot manipulator	2019	2019 IEEE Eurasia Conference on IOT, Communication and Engineering, ECICE 2019	2019 IEEE.The presented work describes a ROS-based automated guided vehicle (AGV) applied in usage of an assembly production line. By reaching the purpose of automatic navigation, two sets of LIDAR sensors are installed to approach simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). A RGBD camera is used to perceive the working environment and identify workers captured in sight, through a trained AI deep learning using YOLO 3. A robot manipulator is attached on AGV to perform pick-and-place task. The developed AGV has shown to perform well in SLAM, automatic navigation, obstacle avoidance in typical indoor environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Computer Networks and Communications	artificial intelligence,automated guided vehicle,robot operation system,SLAM
Design of the Operator Tracing Robot for Material Handling	2019	ICTC 2019 - 10th International Conference on ICT Convergence: ICT Convergence Leading the Autonomous Future	2019 IEEE.In order to improve the safety and efficiency of using material handling equipment for operators, we implemented a two-wheeled robot to assess the autonomous movement technology of the material handling equipment such as forklift, Automated Guided Vehicle(AGV) and crane. The autonomous control system requires a system that identifies the current location and direction of a robot and an operator. We implement the location of each component using the tag recognition technology which utilizes a camera. The operator can send the autonomous movement command to the robot through the Human-Machine-Interface (HMI) device, and the location of the operator and robot can be confirmed through the map information provided by the HMI device. The system collects and uses the location and direction values of the robot and the operator in real time and traces the operator when he/she moves.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Media Technology,Control and Optimization	Location detection,Material Handling,Tracing Robot
Motion control for two-wheeled automatic guided vehicle using a mimo robust servo controller	2019	JP Journal of Heat and Mass Transfer	2019 Pushpa Publishing House, Prayagraj, India.Protecting valuable information is a critical issue in business world today. However, due to the lack of empirical evidences, confirming direct relationship between information security investments and security incidents is not easy. Therefore, firms are not certain about making an investment decision. Based on this circumstance, this study tries to provide empirical evidences on information security investment effect. This study examines organizational area that receives growing attention as an influential area in decreasing information security incidents. This study inspects the impact of chief information security officer, top management support, security culture of organization and employees’ information security awareness on information security incidents. Based on 2474 organizations data, this study confirms that CSO, top management’s support and information security awareness are negatively associated with the number of information security incidents. In addition, results of this study indicate that the impact of CSO and top management’s support has more impact on reducing incidents compared with that of employees’ information security awareness and information security culture.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	AGV (automated guided vehicle),MIMO,Robust servo controller
A data-driven intelligent algorithm for dynamic path design of automated-guided vehicle systems	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 3rd Advanced Information Management, Communicates, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IMCEC 2019	2019 IEEE.The dynamic path design problem of automated-guided vehicle (AGV) systems is one of the most important but difficult issues in the advanced manufacturing system, which was proposed by Gaskins. In this paper, a mathematical model for the dynamic path design problem is developed, and an intelligent solution approach has been presented based on the big-data calculation method. Firstly, the calculation architecture of the big-data is set up. Then, a data-driven intelligent algorithm is adopted to obtain a feasibility near-to-optimal path design solution for multi-AGV system, which considers the total transportation as a main objective. Finally, a complex manufacturing environment is set to verify the efficiency of the proposed data-driven intelligent approach for dynamic path design problem of the multi-AGVs system. The experimental results indicate that the proposed approach can obtain a quite effective for dynamic path design problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems and Management,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	Automated-guided vehicle systems,Data-driven intelligent algorithm,Dynamic path design,Logistics system
Design of an Autonomous Tracked Mower Robot using Vision-Based Remote Control	2019	2019 IEEE Eurasia Conference on IOT, Communication and Engineering, ECICE 2019	2019 IEEE.Nowadays, autonomous vehicles and automated guided vehicles (AGV) are one of the most up-to-date subjects because of the readiness of the sensors, actuators, and real-time controllers. Similar to the AGV, an autonomous track mower robot was designed in this research. The mobile robot, which had a National Instruments real-time controller, was remotely controlled from a computer. Unlike to common mowers, the mower has track geometry in order to climb up a steep path. The position of the robot was controlled by two DC geared motors and feedback by using vision system. A web camera was installed on the robot to capture the environment, make a decision, and change the robot trajectory. Experiments have shown that robot can cut tall grass and operate in a specific task.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Computer Networks and Communications	autonomous vehicle,machine vision,mobile robot,non-standalone 5G network,tracked vehicles
A qualitative analysis of a USB camera for AGV control	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The increasing use of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) in the industry points to a search for better techniques and technologies to adapt to market requirements. Proper position control and movement give an AGV greater movement accuracy and greater lateral oscillations stability and vibration. It leads to smaller corridors and leaner plants, to more relaxed shipment devices, and to greater safety in the transport of fragile loads, for instance. AGV control techniques are not new, but new sensors’ applications are possible, such as USB cameras. In this sense, it is necessary to ensure the sensor is adequate to control system requirements. This work addresses AGVs driven by passive floor demarcations. It presents a qualitative analysis of a USB camera as sensors for AGV control, not yet a common industrial application. We performed the experiments with a small AGV prototype on an eight-shaped lane, varying both camera parameters and AGV parameters, such as linear speed. The AGV uses a USB camera with different image processing settings—different morphological filters structuring elements shapes and sizes, and three different image resolutions—to analyze the factors that affect line detection and control processing. This paper’s main contribution is a qualitative and quantitative analysis for the different sensor configurations. In addition, it discusses the influence sources on camera image as a position sensor. Furthermore, the experiments confirm sensor pertinence for the proposed control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Computer vision,Control system,Image processing,Position sensor,USB camera
Two-stage Multi-AGV Path Planning Based on Speed Pre-allocation	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 3rd Advanced Information Management, Communicates, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IMCEC 2019	2019 IEEE.Dynamic response speed and energy consumption have always been important indicators for evaluating the advantages and disadvantages of automatic guided vehicle (AGV) dispatching systems. In order to reduce the energy consumption of multi-AGV path planning system, improve its working efficiency and promote the efficient operation of automated production workshop, this paper proposes a two-stage multi-AGV path planning method for speed pre-allocation. In the offline phase, the Dijkstra algorithm is used to generate K shortest paths for nodes with task associations, that is, the path library is generated offline. In the online phase, firstly, according to the task start and stop nodes of each AGV, the shortest path set with no relative conflict is found, and then the priority of the AGV is dynamically assigned according to the number of node collisions and the same number of nodes between the paths of each AGV. Finally, the priority speed and the node timetable are used to pre-allocate the speeds of the AGV segments to obtain the link speed window, and generate an AGV operation scheme with fast response speed and low energy consumption. The simulation results show that the improved algorithm can reduce the total energy consumption of the system while ensuring the fast response of the system, and can effectively avoid collision conflicts, which greatly increases the flexibility and robustness of the AGV scheduling system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems and Management,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	dynamic priority,multi-AGV path planning,road speed window,speed pre-allocation
AGV Navigation Based on AprilTags2 Auxiliary Positioning	2019	Proceedings - 2019 12th International Congress on Image and Signal Processing, BioMedical Engineering and Informatics, CISP-BMEI 2019	2019 IEEE.Aiming at the problems of poor flexibility, complicated path maintenance and poor positioning performance in the current guidance technology of AGV, this paper designs and implements a new navigation system of automated guided vehicle (AGV) based on AprilTags2 auxiliary positioning. The system uses the Robot Operating System (ROS) as a platform to develop AGV navigation functions. The navigation system comprises two parts: the hardware and software layers. Firstly, hardware selection is performed after considering the actual requirements, performance, cost, and other factors in the hardware layer. Simultaneously, the AGV chassis and single-steering wheel walking mechanism are built to provide a stable and flexible operating platform for the software layer. Secondly, the software layer design includes two parts, namely the ROS navigation planning end and AprilTags2 detection. The ROS planning navigation end performs the design of four functional modules (i.e., AGV map construction, autonomous positioning, path planning, and path tracking), while the AprilTags2 detection part obtains the visual positioning pose of AGV by setting the AprilTags2 on each site and using the Kinect1 camera to detect. A more accurate AGV pose can be obtained by merging the former pose with the kinematic estimated pose. Finally, the two groups of positioning errors of the system before and after adding the AprilTags2 auxiliary positioning are tested and compared. The experimental results show that the navigation accuracy of the proposed system with AprilTags2 auxiliary positioning is significantly improved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems,Signal Processing,Biomedical Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems and Management	AGV,AprilTags2 detection,autonomous navigation,pose estimation,ROS,system design
Automated modular architecture with cooperative facilities	2019	2019 23rd International Conference on System Theory, Control and Computing, ICSTCC 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.The studies and experiments performed by the authors in order to implement a semi-fabricated AGV transfer system led to the need to identify solutions that would allow predictive maintenance as well as intervention with dead times as low as possible. Under these conditions the authors propose a specific modular design concept that ensures a significant increase in system reliability. Each redesigned module has its own predictive maintenance test procedure, communicating with the central system that oversees general maintenance. If one of the modules generates a warning signal, the central system will decide either to continue the activity with warning metering, or, depending on the degree of accusation, by calling the intervention service and by rapidly modifying the defect subsystem due to the modular design. The article presents the experiments on modular redesign and the concept of modularized predictive maintenance management.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	0	Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization,Process Chemistry and Technology,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Cooperativity,Modularity
Sensor based location tracking in crematorium	2019	International Journal of Innovative Technology and Exploring Engineering	BEIESP.We focused on indoor location tracking of an AGV (automatic guided vehicle) in crematorium. Our concern is that it should transport a dead body safely from the loading place to the designated furnace without stopping in transit. The entire path can be divided into four sub-paths: straight-line, deceleration, rotation, and path reentry. Since these sub-paths have different driving conditions, the method of location tracking to be applied for each sub-path is quite different. In the straight line sub-path, a method of finding the defined path by recognizing landmarks using infrared sensor and image sensor is applied. In the deceleration sub-path, BLE beacons are used to tell the AGV to slow down for rotation. In the 90-degree rotation sub-path, the speed control of the AGV is performed in three sections: deceleration, constant velocity, and acceleration. Finally, in the path reentry sub-path, image marker based relative distance fingerprinting can control the AGV to move into the furnace safely.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Computer Science (all),Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicle,Indoor Location Tracking,Internet of Things,Landmark Recognition
Path Tracking of INS AGV Corrected by Double Magnetic Nails Based on Fuzzy Controller	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 3rd Advanced Information Management, Communicates, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IMCEC 2019	2019 IEEE.The existing AGV navigation methods have the disadvantages of inconvenient path maintenance and low cost performance, so this paper proposes a method of using double magnetic nails to assist INS AGV,and designs the mechanical structure and control system of this AGV. It uses a cost-effective angle sensor and two high-precision magnetic sensors ,and realizes the function of accurately compensating the angle sensor. In this paper, the fuzzy controller for path tracking is designed by MATLAB. After field measurement, the AGV using this fuzzy controller has good path tracking ability, rapid correction and stable driving,the guide accuracy is within ±1°.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems and Management,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	angle compensation,double magnetic nails assist,fuzzy controller,INS,path tracking
AGV Path Planning based on Improved A-star Algorithm	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 3rd Advanced Information Management, Communicates, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IMCEC 2019	2019 IEEE.With the wide application of Automated Guided Vehicle (Hereinafter referred to as AGV) in modern manufacturing, logistics and transportation industries, improving the work efficiency of AGV has become a major focus of the industry research. In order to reduce the limitation of two factors - AGV optimal running path search and path search speed on the efficiency of AGV, this paper based on the A-star algorithm uses the characteristics of jump point search to improve the node search mode and the search speed, and adds the angle evaluation cost function to the cost function of A-star algorithm to find the path with the least inflection point, so as to quickly find the optimal path. And the simulation experiments in this paper show that the optimized A-star algorithm can search for the optimal path, of which path search speed is faster than that of the A-star algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Information Systems and Management,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	A-star algorithm,AGV,heuristic function,jump point search,path planning
Autonomous mobile robots in manufacturing: Highway Code development, simulation, and testing	2019	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2019, The Author(s).A dynamic and flexible manufacturing environment presents many challenges in the movement of autonomous mobile robots (AMRs), leading to delays due to the complexity of operations while negotiating even a simple route. Therefore, an understanding of rules related to AMR movement is important both from a utility perspective as well as a safety perspective. Our survey from literature and industry has revealed a gap in methodology to test rules related to AMR movement in a factory environment. Testing purely through simulations would not able to capture the nuances of shop floor interactions whereas physical testing alone would be incredibly time-consuming and potentially hazardous. This work presents a new methodology that can make use of observations of AMR behaviour on selected cases on the shop floor and build up the fidelity of those simulations based on observations. This paper presents the development of a Highway Code for AMRs, development of simulation models for an ideal AMR (based on the rules from the Highway Code), and physical testing of real AMR in an industrial environment. Finally, a behavioural comparison of an ideal AMR and a real AMR in five scenarios (taken from the shop floor of an industrial partner) is presented. This work could enable informed decisions regarding the implementation of AMRs through identification of any adverse behaviours which could then be mitigated either through improvements on the AMR or through establishing shop floor protocols that reduce the potential impact of these behaviours.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous mobile robots,Highway Code,Manufacturing,Simulation
Open platform based mobile robot control for automation in manufacturing logistics	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	Copyright  2019. The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.In this paper, we present the control of a robotic system for automation in manufacturing logistics based on the Open Platform for Innovations in Logistics (OPIL). OPIL is developed in the scope of the European H2020 project Smart logistics for manufacturing SMEs (L4MS), which aims to contend with the ubiquitous challenges in logistics for flexible manufacturing small and medium enterprises (SMEs). We developed the sensing and perception software module as part of OPIL, and a custom navigation module integrated with OPIL. We also developed a novel omnidirectional automated guided vehicle (AGV) suited for transporting the Euro-pallets with the payload of up to 400 kg. We use MURAPLAST d.o.o., the leading producer of Polyethylene (PE) blown film in Croatia, as a case study which demonstrates the effectiveness of the developed system in manufacturing logistics.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Industrial control,Industrial robots,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Logistics automation
Information models for a new generation of manufacturing systems-a case study of automated guided vehicle	2019	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	2019 IEEE.The growing popularity of AGVs, which are used in manufacturing has not only been the result of their technical features, but also from their ability to cooperate. Cooperative-based internal logistics enables production flexibility to be increased. Because AGVs are in the executive part of Inventory Operations, their cooperation with other information systems and manufacturing equipment is particularly important. The information layer that is used by AGV has to correspond with those that are used in the new generation of manufacturing systems, in particular, it should fit the Reference Architecture Model for Industry 4.0 (RAMI4.0). The proposed approach is based on a set of OPC UA servers that are used as a communication tool for AGV. The address space of OPC UA is used as a tool for implementing the information layer. The presented research project is part of a development activity for the new generation of AGVs that are produced by the AIUT Company.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	None
Adaptive production control with negotiating agents in modular assembly systems	2019	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	2019 IEEE.An increasing number of product variants caused by individualization drives industry to develop flexible modular assembly systems. In such systems, automated guided vehicles handle the material transport between decoupled workstations. This enables jobs to be flexibly routed through production, utilizing order and operation flexibility. Order flexibility denotes a partially flexible order of a job's operations, whereas operation flexibility is given, if at least one operation of a job is allocatable to more than one workstation. Managing the given flexibility and coordinating the automated guided vehicles in real production environments requires robust control algorithms. Exploiting the potential of Industry 4.0, this work presents a negotiation-based agent approach by decentralizing the problem: A job release agent defines the points in time and the product types of released jobs. Job routing agents negotiate with workstation agents to schedule their operations by minimizing makespan. Finally, a vehicle agent organizes the transports from workstation to workstation. The agent system has been successfully evaluated and achieved better results than earlier implementations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Intelligent manufacturing,Modular assembly system,Multi-agent system,Negotiation-based coordination,Production control,Production scheduling
Motion Control for Autonomous Tugger Vehicles in Dynamic Factory Floors Shared with Human Operators	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.We present a motion controller that generates collision free trajectories for autonomous Tugger vehicles operating in dynamic factory environments, where human operators may coexist. The controller is formalized as a dynamic system of path velocity and heading direction, whose vector fields change as sensory information varies. By design the parameters are tuned so that the control variables are close to an attractor of the resultant dynamics most of the time. This contributes to the overall asymptotically stability of the system and makes it robust against perturbations. We present several experiments, in a real factory environment, that highlight different innovative features of the navigation system - flexible and safe solutions for human-aware autonomous navigation in dynamic and cluttered environments. This means, besides generating online collision free trajectories between via points, the system detects the presence of humans, interact with them showing awareness of their presence, and generate adequate motor behavior.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	dynamic environments shared with human operators,flexible and safe autonomous navigation,obstacle avoidance,Tugger vehicles
Auxiliary Magnetic Repeater-Aided Dual-Output Wireless Charging with Coupling Analysis and Power Transfer Capability Considerations	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.This paper proposes the auxiliary magnetic repeater-aided dual-output wireless charging with coupling analysis and power transfer capability considerations, in which the coupling resonance under different gap distances are concerned as well. This study analyzes the circuit architecture based on the simplification of equivalent models, by which parameters of resonant circuit are determined. Through the proposed design of a dual-output system, the balanced output power is seen to be achieved with higher flexibility. Experimental outcomes indicate that this proposed approach exhibits a satisfactory efficiency under various test scenarios. Test results concluded from comparisons between the proposed system and conventional system further supports the effectiveness of the auxiliary magnetic repeater for the increment of power transfer efficiency and system stability. The outcomes gained from practical tests are anticipated to serve as useful references for automated guided vehicles applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	auxiliary magnetic repeater,Dual output,wireless charging
Sensor data fusion for smart AMRs in human-shared industrial workspaces	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.A growing presence of mobile agents is envisaged in the smart factories scenario of the next future. The safe motion of traditional Automated Guided Vehicles in human-shared workspaces can be achieved thanks to the support of a fleet of Autonomous Mobile Robots, acting as a net of meta-sensors, able to detect the human presence and share the information. This paper proposes a preliminary working implementation of one meta-sensor module, exploiting the synergistic use of different sensors through an overall affordable and accessible sensor data fusion algorithm. Experimental results in a laboratory environment confirm the validity of the approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	human recognition,Mobile robots,obstacle avoidance,sensor data fusion
Standardized framework for evaluating centralized and decentralized control systems in modular assembly systems	2019	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	2019 IEEE.Addressing the need for more flexible modular assembly systems due to an increasing number of product variants, industry utilizes the capabilities of cyber-physical production systems, where automated guided vehicles handle the transport of materials. Such systems require complex control algorithms managing the given flexibility and coordinating the cyber-physical entities. Control algorithms can be organized either in a centralized or decentralized manner. For the development and the performance evaluation of both types of algorithms, no standardized framework exists using the same boundary conditions. Following the principles of virtual commissioning, this work presents a framework composed of three elements: A simulation model representing a modular assembly system, a multi-agent system incorporating centralized or decentralized control logic, and an interface for data-exchange. The framework has been successfully validated implementing a centralized approach, where the system followed a global schedule and a decentralized approach, where a bidding-based agent-system controlled the production flow.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction	Cyber-physical production system,Digital manufacturing,Modular assembly system.,Multi-agent system,Production control,Scheduling,Virtual commissioning
Reliability Analysis of Assembly Processes Performed by Human-Robot Interaction	2019	3rd International Symposium on Multidisciplinary Studies and Innovative Technologies, ISMSIT 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.Together with innovations in robot technologies and the emergence of the fourth industrial revolution called Industry 4.0, collaborative robot applications have improved. Collaborative robots are the robots that provide the safe handling of many processes such as assembly, pick and place, palletizing in factories. The reliability analysis of the system has great importance in order to determine the failure conditions and failure possibilities that will occur in the systems enabling these operations. In this study, reliability analysis of assembly processes performed by human-robot interaction is presented. The reliability block diagram of the system is created and the reliability value of the system over time is determined. Then, Markov model indicating the fault conditions in the system is created and the probability of occurrence of these fault conditions is determined. The results show that if the system operates continuously for five years, the reliability will drop below 10% and the reasons that decrease the reliability are discussed in the last section.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Control and Optimization,Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	assembly,himan-robot interaction,industrial robot,reliability analysis,safety
Flexible cell formation and scheduling of robotics coordinated dynamic cellular manufacturing system: A gateway to industry 4.0	2019	2019 International Conference on Robotics and Automation in Industry, ICRAI 2019	2019 IEEE.This article introduces the concept of cell formation and scheduling in robotics coordinated Dynamic Cellular Manufacturing System (DCMS) for industry 4.0. Automated reconfigurability and flexibility in cellular Manufacturing are based on variations in product demands, deletion or addition of products and varying product mix. To design DCMS for Industry 4.0, this article proposes a conceptual model for an automated production environment in which no human factor involves receiving an order to its delivery. Computer Embedded System will analyze data from the manufacturing environment and make smart decisions to accept and complete the orders. The position and movement of all components will be signaled from the central ERP system. Cell formation will be automated by using Multi-Function Robotics with self-transportation capabilities and Advanced Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV) will be reconfigured and reschedule, whenever the new model added. Cell reformulation will provide a foundation for parts rescheduling. So, the DCMS will improve responsiveness with higher quality and lower cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Pakistan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Automation,Cell Formation,Cellular Layout,Cellular Manufacturing System,Industry 4.0,Robotics Integrated Cell,Scheduling
AGV path planning based on optimized particle swarm optimization	2019	2019 IEEE 3rd International Conference on Electronic Information Technology and Computer Engineering, EITCE 2019	2019 IEEE.In order to solve the problem of AGV path planning and obstacle avoidance in intelligent warehouse, this paper proposes an optimized particle swarm optimization (POS) algorithm. Through the immune information adjustment and optimization mechanism in the immune algorithm, the particle diversity in the particle group is improved and the understanding ability is improved. The overall nature. The grid map is simulated by MATLAB. The results show that the optimized particle swarm optimization algorithm has better adaptability, and the optimal path search capability has a certain improvement, which makes the AGV running path shorter, thus improving the efficiency of the intelligent warehouse.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computational Mechanics,Instrumentation	AGV,Immune algorithm,Particle swarm optimization,Raster map
A Research on AGV Integrated Navigation System Based on Fuzzy PID Adaptive Kalman Filter	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 3rd Advanced Information Management, Communicates, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, IMCEC 2019	2019 IEEE.In this paper, a high-precision, low-cost AGV integrated navigation scheme is proposed. The extended Kalman filter is used to fuse the dead reckoning with the laser positioning data to obtain the pose estimation under the minimum mean square error. Aiming at the problem of EKF filtering accuracy degradation caused by the inaccurate estimation of laser positioning data noise, an on-line adjustment algorithm of observation noise covariance based on fuzzy PID is designed, which makes the actual innovation covariance and the theoretical innovation covariance basically consistent. The simulation results show that the system can quickly adjust the observation noise covariance to the actual level to maintain high filtering accuracy when the given observation noise is inconsistent with the actual observed noise, which satisfies the reliable and accurate positioning requirements of industrial AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems and Management,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	EKF,fuzzy PID,innovation covariance,integrated navigation
Intelligent path recognition against image noises for vision guidance of automated guided vehicles in a complex workspace	2019	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Applying computer vision to mobile robot navigation has been studied more than two decades. The most challenging problems for a vision-based AGV running in a complex workspace involve the non-uniform illumination, sight-line occlusion or stripe damage, which inevitably result in incomplete or deformed path images as well as many fake artifacts. Neither the fixed threshold methods nor the iterative optimal threshold methods can obtain a suitable threshold for the path images acquired on all conditions. It is still an open question to estimate the model parameters of guide paths accurately by distinguishing the actual path pixels from the under- or over- segmentation error points. Hence, an intelligent path recognition approach based on KPCA-BPNN and IPSO-BTGWP is proposed here, in order to resist the interferences from the complex workspace. Firstly, curvilinear paths were recognized from their straight counterparts by means of a path classifier based on KPCA-BPNN. Secondly, an approximation method based on BTGWP was developed for replacing the curve with a series of piecewise lines (a polyline path). Thirdly, a robust path estimation method based on IPSO was proposed to figure out the path parameters from a set of path pixels surrounded by noise points. Experimental results showed that our approach can effectively improve the accuracy and reliability of a low-cost vision-guidance system for AGVs in a complex workspace.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Curve approximation,Image processing,Path classification;model estimation,Vision guidance
A Feasibility Study on Multi-Phase Wireless Power Transfer Using Frequency Modulation	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.The objective of this study is to transfer multiphase power wirelessly in a simple system using frequency modulation (FM) technique. With the progress of wireless power transfer (WPT), research works are conducted to transfer power to motors wirelessly, such as application in in-wheel motors and articulated arm robots. For three-phase motors, multi-phase WPT is required. In conventional systems, the receiver of a multi-phase WPT system tends to be large because a complex circuit and large capacitor are mounted on the receiver. In this research, the aim is to reduce the size and weight of the receiver by adopting FM technique. The proposed circuit has a simple structure with a small number of components, and effective multi-phase wireless power transfer is verified through simulation and experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	demodulation circuit,frequency modulation,multi-phase,Wireless power transfer (WPT)
Smart robotic mobile fulfillment system with dynamic conflict-free strategies considering cyber-physical integration	2019	Advanced Engineering Informatics	2019 Elsevier LtdSmart mobile robots are deployed to the warehouse environments to improve the efficiency, because of its characteristics of high automation and flexibility characteristics. However, the trajectory planning is a great challenge especially when a number of mobile robotics operates in the warehouse simultaneously. This paper proposes a cyber-physical system model for smart robotic warehouse to implement the workflow data collection and procedure monitor. A decoupled method is presented to find a conflict-free path for the mobile vehicles in the warehouses, after distributing destinations to mobile robots to minimize the total travel distance. The improved A* algorithm is applied to find paths from the source node to the destination node for single mobile vehicle in the domain of smart logistics. Collisions are detected by comparing the occupying time window of each mobile vehicle. Three collision avoidance strategies are developed to solve the conflicts and the candidate path with the minimal completion time is selected as the final determined route. The contribution of the paper is to propose a CPS-enabled robotic warehouse with dynamic conflict-free strategy to self-configure the path to optimize warehouse operation efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	5	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	A* algorithm with greedy best-first-search,Bi-directional robot path layout,Conflict-detection method with time window,Mobile robot control,Smart mobile robotic fulfillment system
Semi-Automatic Pallet Pick-up as an Advanced Driver Assistance System for Forklifts	2019	2019 IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Conference, ITSC 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper presents a novel advanced driver assistance system for human-operated forklifts in logistical scenarios. The system helps the operator to pick up wooden pallets by performing a collision-free insertion of the forks into the pallet. For this purpose, the assistance system takes over the steering function of the vehicle while it approaches the pallet. A 3D camera-based system is used to detect and localize the pallets while driving. For every localized pallet, a trajectory is calculated which has to fulfill certain conditions. These include an at least curvature continuous course and limiting vehicle parameters, such as a limited steering angle. Furthermore, the necessary user interface for the correct selection of the target pallet and the activation of the assistance function is presented. Finally, a technical method is described to realize the steering intervention on an existing forklift.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Management Science and Operations Research,Instrumentation,Transportation	Advanced driver assistance system,Forklift,Object detection,Pallet pick-up,Trajectory calculation
An agent-based process mining architecture for emergent behavior analysis	2019	Proceedings - IEEE International Enterprise Distributed Object Computing Workshop, EDOCW	2019 IEEE.Information systems leave a traceable digital footprint whenever an action is executed. Business process modelers capture these digital traces to understand the behavior of a system, and to extract actual run-time models of those business processes. Despite the omnipresence of such traces, most organizations face substantial differences between the process specifications and the actual run-time behavior. Analyzing and implementing the results of systems that model business processes tend, however, to be difficult due to the inherent complexity of the models. Moreover, the observed reality in the form of lower-level real-time events, as recorded in event logs, is seldom solely explainable by higher-level process models. In this paper, we propose an architecture to model system-wide behavior by combining process mining with a multi-agent system. Digital traces, in the form of event logs, are used to iteratively mine process models from which agents can learn. The approach is initially applied to a case study of a simplified job-shop factory in which automated guided vehicles (AGVs) carry out transportation tasks. Numerical experiments show that the workflow of a process mining model can be used to enhance the agent-based system, particularly, in analyzing bottlenecks and improving decision-making.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Hardware and Architecture,Theoretical Computer Science,Software,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	Emergent Behavior,Enterprise Architecture,Internet of Things,Job-shop,Multi-agent System,Process Mining,Supply Chain Logistics
Nonlinear Adaptive Control of an Autonomous Ground Vehicle in Obstacle Rich Environment: Some Experimental Results	2019	IEEE Region 10 Annual International Conference, Proceedings/TENCON	2019 IEEE.Non-linear adaptive control of an Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV) is considered in this work. The adaptive control strategy has two main objectives: a) trajectory tracking in presence of actuator nonlinearity, b) navigation of the AGV in an obstacle rich environment. However, the proposed controller uses a conventional feedback controller in conjunction with an adaptive inverse dynamics strategy for the actuators. Two different models have been exploited namely Auto-Regressive Exogenous Model (ARX) and Non-Linear Auto-Regressive Exogenous Model (NARX) to identify the AGV's actuator inverse dynamics. The simulation results shows efficacy of the proposed indirect adaptive controllers in comparison to Inverse Dynamic Conventional Feedback Controller (IDCFB). Also, the experimental results in particular, show superiority of the proposed controller in terms of trajectory tracking while navigating an AGV in an obstacle rich environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous Ground Vehicles,differential drive,inverse dynamics,kinematics of AGV,LabView,trajectory tracking
RRT-Based Path Planning Considering Initial and Final Pose under Curvature Constraints for Nonholonomic Wheeled Robot	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.Rapidly-exploring random trees(RRT) are popular algorithms in path planning, because they provide efficient solutions to singe-query problems and possess probabilistic completeness. Its modifications, such as RRT∗ and Informed RRT∗, extend RRT to asymptotically find optimal solutions as the number of sampling approaches infinity. These algorithms, however, give no considerations to robot's poses and kinematic constraints, and therefore their results can be unfeasible for a nonholonomic robot with given initial pose and desired final pose. In this paper, we present another modification of RRT∗ for nonholonomic path-planning with not only kinematic constraints but also initial and final pose constraints. The proposed method constructs the search tree as a directed graph of which each node retains the position (x, y) plus the robot pose \theta, and a segment of clothoid curve and line is used for connecting and evaluating the cost between two nodes. Furthermore, by building two trees from both initial and final poses and executing bidirectional search, this method can find a path containing crosscut point. We experimentally show that our approach calculates smoother, more feasible paths than RRT∗ and satisfy the given constraints on curvature.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	clothoid curve,nonholonomic constraints,path planning,wheeled robots
Iterative Learning Control for Autonomous Driving Vehicles	2019	International Conference on Advanced Technologies for Communications	2019 IEEE.In this paper, iterative learning control (ILC) is proposed to deal with the problem of designing the most optimal control signal in autonomous cars that require tracking a fixed reference trajectory and to address repeated disturbances such as sloping roads. By exploiting data from the previous iterations, the learning control algorithm can obtain better tracking control performance for the next run, and hence outperforms conventional control approaches such as PID controller. The learning algorithms can also be used in combination with other traditional control techniques, for example, the conventional feedback control is designed in the first iteration, then the learning control is applied to improve performance in the subsequent iterations. Simulation results demonstrate the potential benefits of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Software	Iterative Learning Control (ILC),Nonlinear Programming (NLP),Optimal Control
Gear Collision Reduction of Geared In-Wheel-Motor by Effective Use of Load-Side Encoder	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.Requirement of large motor torque with limited mounting space for In-wheel-motors (IWMs) expects a geared drivetrain, but the vibration and noise caused by gear collision deteriorates ride comfort. In our previous study, our research group proposed to apply joint torque control using motor-side encoders and additional load-side encoders to geared IWMs and the effectiveness is validated. However, in point of space and costs, the effect of mounting load-side encoders should be investigated carefully. In this paper, joint torque control using both motor-side and load-side encoders is compared with joint torque control using only motor-side encoders. Simulations and experiments demonstrate that load-side encoders make it possible to design controller without vehicle parameters and to reduce the impact of collision sufficiently.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	backlash,In-wheel-motor,joint torque control,load-side encoder,two-inertia system
Design and Implementation of Temperature and Humidity Control System in Oyster Mushroom Cultivation using Fuzzy Logic Controller	2019	2019 International Conference on Computer, Control, Informatics and its Applications: Emerging Trends in Big Data and Artificial Intelligence, IC3INA 2019	2019 IEEE.Oyster mushroom is one type of mushroom that is commonly consumed by Indonesian people which is relatively easy to cultivate. It can produce the optimum fruit body at temperatures below 30°C, the range of humidity is 60-90% with altitudes between 500-1000 meters above sea level. This paper describes on the development of the prototype of temperature and humidity control system in oyster mushroom cultivation using a fuzzy logic controller. The prototype comprises of DHT11 sensor for detecting temperature and humidity, Arduino microcontroller, mistmaker, and cooling fan. Fuzzy logic controller is installed in the Arduino microcontroller to generate an actuating signal for the mistmaker and cooling fan based on fuzzy inputs. The whole fuzzy system is designed using two inputs namely temperature and humidity with each input consist of three fuzzy sets with the triangular membership function. Meanwhile, the output variable is the speed of cooling fan with three fuzzy sets and triangular membership functions. A Mamdani inference system is adopted to achieve the control objective in the whole system. Based on the appropriate rule bases, fuzzy logic controllers are designed to produce the temperature and humidity setpoint around 27°C and 60-90 % respectively. Experimental results show the time response to achieve the setpoint span from 1 minute 27 seconds until 8 minutes 10 seconds.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	1	Instrumentation,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	Arduino microcontroller,fuzzy logic controller,mamdani inference system,oyster mushroom cultivation
collision-Free Autonomous Robot navigation in Unknown Environments Utilizing PSO for Path Planning	2019	Journal of Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing Research	2019 Evan Krell et al., published by Sciendo 2019.The autonomous navigation of robots in unknown environments is a challenge since it needs the integration of a several subsystems to implement different functionality. It needs drawing a map of the environment, robot map localization, motion planning or path following, implementing the path in real-world, and many others; all have to be implemented simultaneously. Thus, the development of autonomous robot navigation (ARn) problem is essential for the growth of the robotics field of research. In this paper, we present a simulation of a swarm intelligence method is known as Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) to develop an ARn system that can navigate in an unknown environment, reaching a pre-defined goal and become collision-free. The proposed system is built such that each subsystem manipulates a specific task which integrated to achieve the robot mission. PSO is used to optimize the robot path by providing several waypoints that minimize the robot traveling distance. The Gazebo simulator was used to test the response of the system under various envirvector representing a solution to the optimization problem.onmental conditions. The proposed ARn system maintained robust navigation and avoided the obstacles in different unknown environments. vector representing a solution to the optimization problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Information Systems,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	mobile robot,particle swarm optimization,path planning
Design of Dual-Output Wireless Power Transmission with Backup Power Considerations for Electric Scooter Applications	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.This paper proposes the design of dual-output wireless power transmission including backup mode operation for electric scooter applications. The study considers two modes of power transmission, where the power is delivered either from the adjacent battery or from the main power source to charge the scooter battery. Three inductive coils and three sets of full-bridges inverters are implemented in the circuit. The study first evaluates the geometrical structures of three inductive coils that include one transmitting coil and two receiving ones. The system is designed to operate at two frequencies to achieve different modes of operation using the same compensated capacitors. To validate the effectiveness of the propose configuration, the hardware realization is made with an achievement of efficiency of 92.7 % at the power delivery mode and 85.2%, at the backup mode. Test results support the practical value of the method for dual-output wireless charging, benefiting the development of transportation electrification.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	coil design,scooter,Wireless power transfer
Performance Evaluation of Multi-type Five-axis Machine Tool with Recognizable Performance Evaluation by Fuzzy Theory	2019	2019 Prognostics and System Health Management Conference, PHM-Qingdao 2019	2019 IEEE.There are many ways to evaluate the performance of a five-axis machine tool, but an evaluation can be performed using a recognizable multi-type comparison, and it the most practical is the recognizable performance evaluation (RPE). The RPE is one of the current research methods that can derive accurate reference data in a quantitative and recognizable way and is one of the evaluation methods for multi-type five axis machine tool models. Therefore, based on the RPE and the interface of the IT level distribution in the general mechanical design change, this paper attempts to introduce fuzzy theory to obtain exceptional research results.This study calculates the attribution degree of the tested items. A direct discriminant defuzzification attribution degree drop interval is provided to manage the conflicts in the retested performance evaluation of various types of five-axis machine tools. It is possible to directly evaluate the predicted results. The experimental results show that the interval of the interval is 2σ. This result, for the quantifiable performance evaluation, further distinguishes the landing interval.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Five-axis machine tool,Fuzzy Theory,Multi-type,Recognizable Performance Evaluation,RPE
Specification of Cyber-Physical Systems with the Application of Interpreted Nets	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.The paper shows the application of interpreted nets for the specification of the cyber-physical system control unit. In particular, live and safe Petri nets are taken into account in order to present the concurrency relations in the designed system. Additionally, such nets include additional input and output signals used for communication with the environment. A CPS specified by the interpreted net can be easily verified (with the application of formal methods), analyzed, decomposed and even implemented (as an integrated or distributed system). The presented idea is illustrated by a manufacturing system case study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	control process,cyber-physical systems,design,specification
Topological design methods for mecanum wheel configurations of an omnidirectional mobile robot	2019	Symmetry	2019 by the authors.A simple and efficient bottom-roller axle intersections approach for judging the omnidirectional mobility of the Mecanum wheel configuration is proposed and proved theoretically. Based on this approach, a sub-configuration judgment method is derived. Using these methods, on the basis of analyzing the possible configurations of three and four Mecanum wheels and existing Mecanum wheel configurations of robots in practical applications, the law determining wheel configuration is elucidated. Then, the topological design methods of the Mecanum wheel configurations are summarized and refined, including the basic configuration array method, multiple wheels replacement method, and combination method. The first two methods can be used to create suitable multiple-Mecanum-wheel configurations for a single mobile robot based on the basic Mecanum wheel configuration. Multiple single robots can be arranged by combination methods including end-to-end connection, side-by-side connection, symmetrical rectangular connection, and distributed combination, and then, the abundant combination configurations of robots can be obtained. Examples of Mecanum wheel configurations design based on a symmetrical four-Mecanum-wheel configuration and three centripetal configurations using these topological design methods are presented. This work can provide methods and a reference for Mecanum wheel configurations design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Chemistry (miscellaneous),Mathematics (all),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous)	Mecanum wheeled robot,Omnidirectional motion,Symmetrical configuration,Topological design method,Wheel configuration
Differential received signal strength based RFID positioning for construction equipment tracking	2019	Advanced Engineering Informatics	2019A novel differential received signal strength (RSS) positioning algorithm is proposed in the paper. Different from traditional methods to find the relationship between RSS and distance, this new positioning approach is based on linear regression of angle and differential received signal strengths. The advantages of this positioning algorithm is robust to heterogeneity of RFID tags as well as direction between tag and reader. Several experiments are firstly carried out in open environment and then a further experiment is conducted in a LNG training centre to validate our proposed algorithm. The results show that our proposed algorithm can achieve better accuracy than existing RFID positioning approaches for equipment tracking.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Differential RSS,Heterogeneous RFID tags,RFID positioning
Steering Tracking Control Based on Assisted Motor for Agricultural Tractors	2019	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2019, ICROS, KIEE and Springer.One of the most important tasks in tractor navigation is the accurate steering tracking during field operations. Steering tracking is to achieve desired steering angle under the governance of the control action, it is essential for the operation quality of the tractor. The objective of this paper is to develop a steering tracking system based on motor control and propose steering tracking control method for automatically guided agricultural tractors. The steering column installed power motor is set up and the electronic control unit (ECU) is designed. As for the established steering system model, a modified Smith predictor structure based two degree of freedom control scheme is proposed. Steering tracking controller and disturbance rejection controller are derived by the analytical formulae on the basis of the internal model control (IMC) design principle and obtained with a simple and practical PID form. Simulation results demonstrated the efficiency of the proposed method for the steering tracking control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Agricultural tractor,assisted motor,modified Smith predictor,PID controller,steering tracking
Model Predictive Convex Programming for Constrained Vehicle Guidance	2019	IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems	1965-2011 IEEE.A new model predictive convex programming is proposed in this paper for state and input constrained vehicle guidance design. The proposed method defines a convex optimization framework considering a flexibly designed cost function subject to inequality constraints and a sensitivity relation between state increments and input corrections. This formulated convex optimization problem can be solved in a computationally efficient manner. Simulation studies of nonlinear missile and aircraft landing guidance problems demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Aircraft landing,constrained guidance,missile guidance,model predictive convex programming (MPCP),terrain constraints
Absolute Indoor Positioning-aided Laser-based Particle Filter Localization with a Refinement Stage	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.Robot localization in indoor environments is crucial for achieving flexible automated navigation. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-stage localization approach for mobile robots which combines a commercial beacon-based absolute indoor positioning system with laser scan data. This configuration of sensors can be deployed in a non-intrusive way in most robotic platforms without the use of proprioceptive sensors (e.g. wheel encoders) which often introduce non-negligible maintenance and downtime costs. The data fusion is performed by a particle filter aided by a refinement stage. The proposed approach was evaluated in two different indoor scenarios with a mobile platform equipped with a mobile Marvelmind beacon and a Hokuyo UTM-30LX scanning laser rangefinder. The proposed localization framework, purposely without proprioceptive data, is compared with an AMCL approach having as inputs odometry, calculated from wheel encoders' data, and laser scan data. Preliminary results show that the proposed approach can provide an accurate localization estimate and that using the refinement stage improves localization.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	absolute indoor positioning,AMCL,gradient descent,particle filter,Robot localization
Application of system dynamics for analysis of performance of manufacturing systems	2019	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2019 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersMachining of parts by using dedicated production systems has been, and continues to be, a viable manufacturing method. There are situations, however, where this type of system is not feasible due to changes in product type, customer demand, work-piece material, or design specification. From a competitive manufacturing environment, production system selection is a crucial issue for all component manufacturing companies. Improper selections could negatively affect the overall performance of a manufacturing system, for instance the productivity, as well as the cost and quality of manufactured components. In this paper, the application of system dynamics modelling and simulation of a complex manufacturing process is presented as a potential tool to investigate and analyse the performance of manufacturing system in response to disturbances in the system's inputs (e.g., volume of products). In order to investigate the model soundness, a case study applied to the manufacturing of an engine block will be examined. The model presented here has been developed based on current engine block production for the vehicle manufacturing industry. Such a model can assist manufacturing system selection–centered round the capacity to control machining system parameters –as a testable way to choose a machining strategy from pre-selected performance criteria. More specifically, the benefit of this research lies in the fact that it will enable companies to implement improved potential manufacturing system optimization that responds during unexpected demand fluctuations. In addition, it will help in understanding the complex interaction between the process and operational parameters of a manufacturing system and help identify those critical parameters, ones that can lead to an optimizing strategy in the manufacturing standards of engine block production.	Journal	j	re	Review	Sweden	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cutting data optimization,Machining strategy,Manufacturing system,Performance evaluation,Process parameters interaction,System dynamics modelling
A solution approach for UAV fleet mission planning in changing weather conditions	2019	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.With a rising demand for utilizing unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to deliver materials in outdoor environments, particular attention must be given to all the different aspects influencing the deployment of UAVs for such purposes. These aspects include the characteristics of the UAV fleet (e.g., size of fleet, UAV specifications and capabilities), the energy consumption (highly affected by weather conditions and payload) and the characteristics of the network and customer locations. All these aspects must be taken into account when aiming to achieve deliveries to customers in a safe and timely manner. However, at present, there is a lack of decision support tools and methods for mission planners that consider all these influencing aspects together. To bridge this gap, this paper presents a decomposed solution approach, which provides decision support for UAVs' fleet mission planning. The proposed approach assists flight mission planners in aerospace companies to select and evaluate different mission scenarios, for which flight-mission plans are obtained for a given fleet of UAVs, while guaranteeing delivery according to customer requirements in a given time horizon. Mission plans are analyzed from multiple perspectives including different weather conditions (wind speed and direction), payload capacities of UAVs, energy capacities of UAVs, fleet sizes, the number of customers visited by a UAV on a mission and delivery performance. The proposed decision support-driven declarative model supports the selection of the UAV mission planning scenarios subject to variations on all these configurations of the UAV system and variations in the weather conditions. The computer simulation based experimental results, provides evidence of the applicability and relevance of the proposed method. This ultimately contributes as a prototype of a decision support system of UAVs fleet-mission planning, able to determine whether is it possible to find a flight-mission plan for a given fleet of UAVs guaranteeing customer satisfaction under the given conditions. The mission plans are created in such a manner that they are suitable to be sent to Air Traffic Control for flight approval.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	4	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	UAV fleet mission planning,UAV routing and scheduling,Unmanned aerial vehicles
Developing a conceptual framework of smart work packaging for constraints management in prefabrication housing production	2019	Advanced Engineering Informatics	2019 Elsevier LtdConstraints management is the process of satisfying bottlenecks to facilitate tasks assigned to crews being successfully executed. However, managing constraints is inherently challenging in prefabrication housing production (PHP), due to the fragmentation of processes and information during project delivery. Enlightened by the broadly accepted work packaging method and the smart construction objects (SCOs) model, this study aims to define and implement smart work packaging (SWP) for constraints management in PHP. Firstly, the framework of SWP-enabled constraints management (SWP-CM) with three primary functions, including constraints modeling, constraints optimization, and constraints monitoring, is established. In addition, this study develops a layered abstract model as a prototype representation to elaborate on the implementation of SWP for practitioners. Finally, a laboratory-based test is applied to validate the framework. It can prove that SWP indeed opens new avenues for smart constraints management for PHP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	3	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Building information modeling (BIM),Constraints management,Prefabrication housing production (PHP),Smart work packaging (SWP)
Free-form image inpainting with gated convolution	2019	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision	2019 IEEE.We present a generative image inpainting system to complete images with free-form mask and guidance. The system is based on gated convolutions learned from millions of images without additional labelling efforts. The proposed gated convolution solves the issue of vanilla convolution that treats all input pixels as valid ones, generalizes partial convolution by providing a learnable dynamic feature selection mechanism for each channel at each spatial location across all layers. Moreover, as free-form masks may appear anywhere in images with any shape, global and local GANs designed for a single rectangular mask are not applicable. Thus, we also present a patch-based GAN loss, named SN-PatchGAN, by applying spectral-normalized discriminator on dense image patches. SN-PatchGAN is simple in formulation, fast and stable in training. Results on automatic image inpainting and user-guided extension demonstrate that our system generates higher-quality and more flexible results than previous methods. Our system helps user quickly remove distracting objects, modify image layouts, clear watermarks and edit faces. Code, demo and models are available at: Url{https://github.com/JiahuiYu/generative-inpainting}.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	22	Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
Smart product-service systems in interoperable logistics: Design and implementation prospects	2019	Advanced Engineering Informatics	2019 Elsevier LtdTo deal with the increasing complexity of customer demands, supply chain (SC) and logistics organisation and management have been constantly moving towards collaboration, intelligence, and service-orientation. The importance of service-oriented design for SC and logistics systems has been stressed, especially with regards to interoperability and sustainability. In this context, the recent intelligent interoperable logistics paradigm has been increasingly studied and the Smart Product-Service System (PSS) concept seems interesting for the paradigm. Smart PSS are characterised by their ability to collect and process information autonomously and subsequently make decisions and self-act/evolve. Interested in the potential for tackling complex logistics systems, this paper investigates how smart PSS could be considered and designed for service-oriented, intelligent interoperable logistics. A recent breakthrough logistics paradigm called the Physical Internet (PI) is taken as a practical example in this research. We present and discuss key design issues and innovative business models associated with smart PSS in PI. The results clearly indicate the promising potential of smart PSS in PI and the need for further research. Consequently, new research avenues leading to a new era of intelligent interoperable logistics are outlined. This paper intends to contribute to two main areas of research: the design and implementation of smart PSS in PI, and functional and conceptual research on PI and intelligent interoperable logistics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	8	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Intelligent interoperable logistics,Logistics-as-a-Service,Physical Internet,Service-orientation,Smart product-service system design,Sustainability
A life cycle costing of compacted lithium titanium oxide batteries for industrial applications	2019	Journal of Power Sources	2019 Elsevier B.V.Nowadays, although the lithium-ion batteries have been widely applied in the context of electric vehicles for passengers, lead-acid batteries are still prevalent in motive-power applications, such as electric pallet jacks and laser guided vehicles. The battery cost is the main disadvantage that limits the employment of lithium-ion solutions in such applications. Several strategies for reducing the battery life cycle cost have been discussed in the scientific literature. The opportunity charging is one of them, even though it is suitable only for batteries having high lifecycles and high charging/discharging rates, such as the Lithium Titanium Oxide ones. This paper aims at assessing a feasible solution to reduce the life cycle cost of the energy storage units for laser guided vehicles. A tool has been proposed to analyze the Total Cost of Ownership of batteries, under the adoption of an opportunity charging strategy. Simulations of energy consumption have also been included, to predict the battery cycles and the operation costs. The life cycle analysis has investigated the use of a compacted Lithium Titanium Oxide battery in comparison with a traditional lead-acid battery. The results have shown the feasibility of the Lithium Titanium Oxide solution and its economic advantage in an industrial context.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	4	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Physical and Theoretical Chemistry,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Laser guided vehicle,Li-ion batteries,LTO,Opportunity charging,Total cost of ownership
Wireless Secondary-Converterless Bipolar Drive for AC Application	2019	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2019 IEEE.In this paper, a wireless bipolar drive has been proposed and implemented for AC application, which not only performs selective wireless power transfer (WPT), but also secondary-converterless operation for frequency-controllable AC output. The key is to use the proposed self-drive circuit based on the selective WPT with two different resonant frequencies. Besides, the inductor-capacitor-inductor (LCL) compensation network is newly adopted to achieve power equalization so that only one transmitter is needed to serve two receivers and control the low-frequency AC output. As a result, there is no additional battery, controller, and converter at the secondary side and hence the system robustness can be significantly improved. Finally, experimental results are offered to verify the proposed topology.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AC motor,bipolar drive,converterless,LCL compensation,multiple-frequency,Wireless power transfer
A visual analytics approach for interactive document clustering	2019	ACM Transactions on Interactive Intelligent Systems	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.Document clustering is a necessary step in various analytical and automated activities. When guided by the user, algorithms are tailored to imprint a perspective on the clustering process that reflects the user's understanding of the dataset.More than just allowfor customized adjustment of the clusters, a visual analytics approach will provide tools for the user to draw new insights on the collection. While contributing his or her perspective, the user will also acquire a deeper understanding of the data set. To that effect, we propose a novel visual analytics system for interactive document clustering. We built our system on top of clustering algorithms that can adapt to user's feedback. In the proposed system, initial clustering is created based on the user-defined number of clusters and the selected clustering algorithm. A set of coordinated visualizations allow the examination of the dataset and the results of the clustering. The visualization provides the user with the highlights of individual documents and understanding of the evolution of documents over the time period to which they relate. The users then interact with the process by means of changing key-terms that drive the process according to their knowledge of the documents domain. In key-term-based interaction, the user assigns a set of key-terms to each target cluster to guide the clustering algorithm.We have improved that processwith a novel algorithm for choosing proper seeds for the clustering. Results demonstrate that not only the system has improved considerably its precision, but also its effectiveness in the document-based decision making. A set of quantitative experiments and a user study have been conducted to show the advantages of the approach for document analytics based on clustering. We performed and reported on the use of the framework in a real decision-making scenario that relates users discussion by email to decision making in improving patient care. Results show that the framework is useful even for more complex data sets such as email conversations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Artificial Intelligence	Deterministic,Document projection,Email list,Interactive document clustering,Key-term,Seeding,Text,User study,Visualization
Order picking system optimization based on picker-robot collaboration	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.Distribution centers of E-commerce companies have been under pressure as a result of the development of the Internet and E-commerce technologies. Therefore, the improvement of order picking efficiency and the reduction of logistics cost rely on the optimization of order picking in distribution centers. In this paper, a picker-robot collaboration order picking system has been proposed. The human pickers are assigned to different zones, while the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) pick the orders from different zones. To optimize the collaboration scheme, the mathematical model together with a two-stage heuristic algorithm is proposed to solve the problems, including order batching, AGV routing and zone scheduling. The case study results have shown the effectiveness and the computation efficiency of the proposed two-stage heuristic algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated guided vehicle,Heuristic algorithm,Order picking
Landmark-based Automated Guided Vehicle Localization Algorithm for Warehouse Application	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Copyright is held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.Automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a solution for warehouse goods transportation, but robot localization is crucial for this application and existing methods are expensive. Therefore, in this paper, a low-cost landmark based AGV algorithm localization algorithm with single camera is proposed for warehouse application. The proposed algorithm includes the computer vision algorithm to recognize the landmark and estimate the distance between the landmark and AGV with single camera. Previous localization algorithm based on triangulation is using three landmarks for localization, the proposed localization algorithm uses only two landmarks which is based on concept of intersection of two circles. The landmarks in the scene were detected with Canny edge detection method and transformed back to straight square from skewed image with perspective transform to provide consistent landmark recognition result. The landmark then was recognized with Tesseract open source character recognition library and custom trained database. The performance of the proposed algorithm was evaluated using images captured by a single camera setup on a trolley and maneuvered through the library and laboratory at Universiti Sains Malaysia with landmarks. The recognition accuracy for landmark is 93.26% overall. The average error of the localization algorithm was 237.29mm and standard deviation 184.27mm. As a conclusion, landmark based AGV localization algorithm for warehouse application was successfully developed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Landmark; Automated guided vehicle (AGV): Robot localization
A Qualitative Analysis of a USB Camera for AGV Control	2019	Sensors (Basel, Switzerland)	The increasing use of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) in the industry points to a search for better techniques and technologies to adapt to market requirements. Proper position control and movement give an AGV greater movement accuracy and greater lateral oscillations stability and vibration. It leads to smaller corridors and leaner plants, to more relaxed shipment devices, and to greater safety in the transport of fragile loads, for instance. AGV control techniques are not new, but new sensors' applications are possible, such as USB cameras. In this sense, it is necessary to ensure the sensor is adequate to control system requirements. This work addresses AGVs driven by passive floor demarcations. It presents a qualitative analysis of a USB camera as sensors for AGV control, not yet a common industrial application. We performed the experiments with a small AGV prototype on an eight-shaped lane, varying both camera parameters and AGV parameters, such as linear speed. The AGV uses a USB camera with different image processing settings-different morphological filters structuring elements shapes and sizes, and three different image resolutions-to analyze the factors that affect line detection and control processing. This paper's main contribution is a qualitative and quantitative analysis for the different sensor configurations. In addition, it discusses the influence sources on camera image as a position sensor. Furthermore, the experiments confirm sensor pertinence for the proposed control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicles,computer vision,control system,image processing,position sensor,USB camera
A medical garbage bin recycling system based on AGV	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.With the rapid development of industrial automation and the continuous improvement of people's living standards, automation operations have been applied to all walks of life. Absolutely, the automation operations also greatly improve productivity and reduces labor costs. This paper provides a system and method for medical garbage bin recognition and judgment based on machine vision and mobile robot arm. AGV (Automatic guided vehicle) lidar is used to navigate to the target of the garbage bin when received the start signal, and then identifies the garbage bin so as to find the specific location of the garbage bin and the garbage status in the medical garbage bin. When the garbage in medical waste meets the recycling standard, it can be picked up by AGV and takes away from the laboratory. This method avoids the danger of direct contact between human body and medical waste.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	AGV,Four-axis robot,Machine vision,Medical garbage bin,Navigation
Omnidirectional mobile robot structure design	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Copyright is held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.With the development of automation, Unmanned Vehicle will play a more and more important role in the future industrial production field, and omnidirectional wheeled robots will be widely used in mobile platforms.The omnidirectional AGV trolley has the unique characteristics that the ordinary wheeled mobile robot is irreplaceable, and has great significance and effect for exploring the free walking of the moving mechanism. This paper mainly describes the layout and principle of the omnidirectional moving mechanism based on the Mecanum wheel.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	AGV mobile trolley,Mecanum Wheel,Omnidirectional mobile platform
Turning part design for joint optimisation of machining and transportation energy consumption	2019	Journal of Cleaner Production	2019 Elsevier LtdMotivated by sustainable development in the manufacturing industry, many approaches have been proposed to reduce the machining energy consumption (MEC) of machine tools at the production stage. However, the design stage determines the majority of the MEC for a machined part, and has greater energy-saving potential than the other stages. The question is how to design an optimal diameter of a part to minimise its future MEC for external turning. If the MEC is reduced by increasing the final diameter based on the same blank, the weight of the part will increase. Consequently, the transportation energy consumption (TEC) of electric vehicles (e.g. automatic guided vehicles) for moving the parts will also increase. Based on this finding, herein we consider a trade-off between the reductions of MEC and TEC. A TEC model is developed and integrated with a modified MEC model to obtain a machine-vehicle system energy consumption (MVSEC) model. Thus, as a novel contribution of this study, an optimised trade-off is proposed between reductions of MEC and TEC by using an integrated optimal design of diameter and cutting parameters. In a case study, the optimal design parameters of a shaft sleeve to be processed by a machine tool (CK6153i) and an electric vehicle (ZX001) were found. The experiment results show that simulated annealing can provide high-quality solutions in a short computation time. The optimal solution achieved a 3.53% MVSEC (28.281 KJ) reduction for a case. Finally, the relationship between transportation distance and optimal diameter is analysed, and the effect of MVSEC optimisation on machining time is discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	External turning,Machining energy,Optimal design,Part diameter,Simulated annealing,Transportation energy
Assembly project management of a suspended conveyor	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2019 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.Modern manufacturing systems are characterized by the fact that they integrate various machines and work equipment, industrial handling robots, industrial robots performing technological operations (welding, riveting, painting, etc.), transfer systems (conveyors, conveyor belts, automated guided vehicle -AGV), storage systems and inspection stations. The paper presents the way in which the assembly project management of a suspended conveyor system was carried out. Critical path method was used. It has identified the assembly operations, the way they succeed in the technological process of assembly, the duration of the operations and the resources (labor force) necessary for their realization. This information has been processed through Microsoft Project resulting in critical activities (critical path), project duration, the ratio between the available and necessary resources (in the analyzed case a significant deficit of the machinist resource) and the corresponding costs. In order to solve the problem of resource requirements, two solutions were used: leveling resources and supplementing them in order to reduce the duration of critical activities. Finally, a version of the conveyor assembly project management resulted in a balance between costs and duration.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Design of magnetic navigation automatic guided vehicle system	2019	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2019 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.Automatic Guided Vehicle is an automatic transportation robot with high universality and diversity which can drive and transport goods automatically in the established path, so it is widely used in mass production and logistics industry. In this paper, an AGV system with independent guidance and integrated network control is designed and developed. Firstly, based on the project requirements of some company and the practical problems, the basic parameters of AGV are determined, and the movement analysis of AGV is carried out to obtain its motion characteristic equation for movement control. Then the hardware of the mechanical and electronic parts of the AGV is designed. Keil uVision 5 is used for software programming. Based on the core PID algorithms, the related algorithms design of AGV paths recognition and the movement control are presented. Finally, a small AGV capable of carrying a maximum weight of 8KG is trial-produced and tested. The test data show that the position deviation can be controlled within 15mm and the maximum speed can reach 1m/s. It can communicate with the host computer in various ways. Its expansibility, stability, accuracy and real-time performance all meet the requirements of the project.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Decision Support System on Selection of Lecturer Research Grant Proposals using Preferences Selection Index	2019	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The Institute for Research and Community Service is a forum for lecturers at every university/institution to develop their knowledge according to their respective disciplines through research fields. This study aims to determine the recipient of the best research grant at STIKOM Tunas Bangsa Pematangsiantar. Research data comes from relevant agencies. There are 9 names of lecturers that are used as alternatives and 5 criteria as the assessment of grantees, namely type of problem formulation (C1), research output opportunities (C2), research method (C3), literature review (C4) and research feasibility (C5). This study uses the Preference selection index (PSI) method. In this method does not require relative determination of attributes, so the researcher does not need to determine the weight criteria. Based on the results of the study obtained several alternatives with the highest preference value, A8 (index selection value 0.8819), A9 (index selection value 0.8627), A4 (index selection value 0.8447), A3 (index selection value 0.83123) and A5 (Index selection value 0.8184) are entitled to get an internal research grant at STIKOM Tunas Bangsa. With this system, it can be used as a comparison between reviewer evaluators and the PSI system so as to maintain the quality of assessment in determining the recipients of internal research grants objectively. It is hoped that this research can provide recommendations to the Institute for Research and Community Services in determining internal lecturer research proposal grants so that the results obtained are more objective.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	6	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Reinforcement learning-based end-to-end parking for automatic parking system	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.According to the existing mainstream automatic parking system (APS), a parking path is first planned based on the parking slot detected by the sensors. Subsequently, the path tracking module guides the vehicle to track the planned parking path. However, since the vehicle is non-linear dynamic, path tracking error inevitably occurs, leading to inclination and deviation of the parking. Accordingly, in this paper, a reinforcement learning-based end-to-end parking algorithm is proposed to achieve automatic parking. The vehicle can continuously learn and accumulate experience from numerous parking attempts and then learn the command of the optimal steering wheel angle at different parking slots. Based on this end-to-end parking, errors caused by path tracking can be avoided. Moreover, to ensure that the parking slot can be obtained continuously in the process of learning, a parking slot tracking algorithm is proposed based on the combination of vision and vehicle chassis information. Furthermore, given that the learning network output is hard to converge, and it is easy to fall into local optimum during the parking process, several reinforcement learning training methods in terms of parking conditions are developed. Lastly, by the real vehicle test, it is proved that using the proposed method can achieve a better parking attitude than using the path planning and path tracking-based method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic parking system (APS),End-to-end parking,Parking slot tracking,Reinforcement learning
The effect of AGVs number on a flexible manufacturing system	2019	Proceedings - 2019 3rd International Conference on Applied Automation and Industrial Diagnostics, ICAAID 2019	2019 IEEE.There are generally ten (10) common forms of flexibilities involved in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS), and material handling flexibility is one of them. Implementing an FMS with many Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) allows the system to increase productivity by choosing the appropriate AGV to handle transportation for processing parts between different workstations. In this paper, we study the effect of increasing the number of AGVs in the system on the performances of Flexible Manufacturing System. The performances considered are Productivity, Makespan, Waiting for Process Time and Waiting for Transport Time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization	AGVs number,automated guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system
Towards Collision-Free Automated Guided Vehicles Navigation and Traffic Control	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.Mobile robots, such as Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV), are widely used in automated manufacturing systems for material and goods handling. In this context, it has to be ensured that collisions among mobile robots, other industrial equipment and people are avoided, specially if dealing with human safety. In this paper, a collision-free navigation and traffic control approach, based on coloured Petri nets and the D∗ Lite searching algorithm is proposed. The algorithm dynamically computes a sequence of safe and optimal movements of the AGVs to reach the desired marking. A validation example is also provided, where the navigation and traffic control of three AGVs in an industrial shop-floor is simulated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Artificial Intelligence,Collision Avoidance,Petri net,Robot,Traffic Control
Consensus Based Formation Control of Automated Guided Vehicles Using Dynamic Destination Approach	2019	2019 58th Annual Conference of the Society of Instrument and Control Engineers of Japan, SICE 2019	2019 The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers - SICE.Consensus based control has proven to be simple and effective in addressing nonlinearity invoked by robot formation control in dynamic environments. This study proposes a dynamic destination approach to formation control of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). The dynamic destination approach is combined with a modified consensus based control method to maintain the formation with modest deviation. A leader-follower formation control structure for multiple AGVs is adopted. The proposed methodology is testified using both differential drive and omnidirectional mobile robots. Simulation results show the robustness of the modified consensus based controller and the proposed dynamic destination approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs),differential drive robots,formation control,Hungarian algorithm,multi-agent control,omnidirectional robots
A new HW/SW architecture to move from AGVs towards Autonomous Mobile Robots	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.This paper proposes the basic concepts of a brand new HW/SW architecture, whose development is in progress through an academic/industrial collaboration, aimed at obtaining a mobile agent capable to merge in itself the standard characteristics of the Automated Guided Vehicles and some potentialities of the Autonomous Mobile Robots, with a particular care for safety issues. Its HW/SW features, together with its mechanical characteristics, make it potentially applicable both in industrial and research contexts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGVs,Autonomous Mobile Robots,Hardware/Software Architectures
Min-Max-Strategy-Based Optimum Co-Operative Picking with AGVs in Warehouse	2019	2019 58th Annual Conference of the Society of Instrument and Control Engineers of Japan, SICE 2019	2019 The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers - SICE.The performance of order picking in a warehouse is crucial in modern logistics. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have been developed recently and are in operation in many warehouses. Human pickers still play an important role in picking items that are different in shape and size and putting them on AGVs. Hence, co-operation among human pickers and AGVs is important. This co-operation should be effective to enable every AGV and human to work efficiently. This paper proposes an algorithm that generates a sub-optimal co-operation schedule for both AGVs and human pickers. The effectiveness of the algorithm was evaluated through computer simulations involving an actual warehouse represented as a two-dimensional lattice-network model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	AGV,logistics,min-max,picking,warehouse
Study on scheduling algorithm for multiple handling requests of single automated guided vehicles	2019	High Technology Letters	Copyright  by HIGH TECHNOLOGY LETTERS PRESS.To solve the problem of small amount of machining centers in small and medium flexible manufacture systems (FMS), a scheduling mode of single automated guided vehicle (AGV) is adopted to deal with multiple transport requests in this paper. Firstly, a workshop scheduling mechanism of AGV is analyzed and a mathematical model is established using Genetic Algorithm. According to several sets of transport priority of AGV, processes of FMS are encoded, and fitness function, selection, crossover, and variation methods are designed. The transport priority which has the least impact on scheduling results is determined based on the simulation analysis of Genetic Algorithm, and the makespan, the longest waiting time, and optimal route of the car are calculated. According to the actual processing situation of the workshop, feasibility of this method is verified successfully to provide an effective solution to the scheduling problem of single AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Biotechnology,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Materials Science (all),Energy (all)	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Flexible manufacturing,Genetic algorithm,Makespan,Priority,Scheduling policy
Layout configuration, maintenance planning and simulation of AGV based robotic assembly systems	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.The paper presents a set of modules developed in the Siemens Plant Simulation software, which automatically creates the models of robotic assembly systems with AGV based material handling, and supports the production and maintenance planning. The layout planning module creates the layout from a predefined set of components. The area analyser and track configurator modules map the free area in the layout and create the AGV tracks. The maintenance planning module optimises the maintenance schedules of the system. The production control module creates the production schedules and executes an integrated maintenance and production simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Hungary	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Assembly robots,Automated guided vehicles,Configuration,Genetic algorithm,Maintenance engineering,Multiobjective optimisations,Probabilistic simulation,Reliability analysis,Scheduling
H∞ controller synthesis for AGV trajectory tracking using a linearized kinematic model	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper proposes a design procedure for H∞ optimal linear feedback controllers for trajectory tracking of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) based on a linearized kinematic model. The design specifications are expressed as a constrained H∞ norm optimization problem to assess the potential of the H∞ framework for the considered application. This problem is then solved for a linear parameter-varying (LPV), a full-block and a decoupled linear time-invariant (LTI) controller. The performance of all controllers is compared through numerical simulations and experiments on an AGV prototype targeted at agricultural applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Computer-aided control system design,Experimental validation,Feedback control,Linear parameter-varying control,Robust control
A job shop scheduling and location of battery charging storage for the automated guided vehicles (AGVs)	2019	Journal of Optimization in Industrial Engineering	2019 Qazvin Islamic Azad University. All rights reserved.When the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are transferring the parts from one machine to another in a job shop environment, it is possible that AGVs stop on their guide paths since their batteries are discharged. Consequently, it is essential to establish at least one Battery Charging Storage (BCS) to replace full batteries with empty batteries for the stopped AGVs. Due to non-predictable routes for AGVs in the manufacturing systems, to find the best place to establish the BCS can impact performance of the system. In this paper, an integrated mathematical model of job shop and AGV scheduling with respect to the location of a BCS is proposed. The proposed nonlinear model is transformed into a linear form to be efficiently solved in GAMS software. Finally, several numerical examples are presented to test the validity of the proposed mathematical model. The results show that the optimal cost and location of BCS can be obtained with respect to the number of AGVs, machines, parts, and other problem parameters. In addition, it is concluded that the increasing number of AGVs in a manufacturing system cannot be always a suitable policy for reducing the cost because in such conditions. Further to that, the conflict of AGVs may increase leading to the increase of the makespan. In other words, following the optimal point, increasing AGVs leads to the increase in costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Battery Charging Storage (BCS),GAMS software,Job shop scheduling
Cloud based indoor navigation for ros-enabled automated guided vehicles	2019	2019 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Data Processing Symposium, IDAP 2019	2019 IEEE.In Cyber-Physical Systems, logistical activities with automatic guided vehicles (AGV) are indispensable for Industry 4.0 integration. In order to navigate the AGVs to be used in logistics, difficulties such as localization of AGV, mapping the environment, mobile-immobile obstacle avoidance, and optimum task allocation must be overcome. All these operations can be realized with an architecture that provides communication infrastructure and management mechanism in multiple robots. In this publication, cloud-based, ROS-enabled communication and navigation methods for multiple AGVs are proposed. The proposed method was tested and applied successfully in a laboratory environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Optimization,Signal Processing	AGV,cloud robotics,Cyber-physical systems,navigation,ROS
Navigation and Tracking of AGV in ware house via Wireless Sensor Network	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 3rd International Electrical and Energy Conference, CIEEC 2019	2019 IEEE.The purpose of this work is to control all AGVs through wireless communication system, here the vehicle will be able to communicate via wireless static control central mode(WSCCM) as each vehicle employed as node so that the data processed more efficiently. Now, AGV system adopts the WSCCM , in this method vehicles are controlled as well as conducted by a main control unit center but they can't communicate with each other. AGV is now used with the improvement of logistic tech in modern automatic warehouses for its features of auto guidance, accurate positioning, optimal route and safety. The main goal of AGV is to travel between various manufacturing stations to improve productivity, increase automation and reduced labor cost in warehouses. Therefore, the design of the AGV is determined and all the tests in the station have been completed. Observation proved that after testing in each part of the program, AGV can obtain the order for following line, find the right route, detecting the station, stoppage , and informing its location. Comparing the conventional center control way(CCW) there is all the advantage of distributed processing capability of AGV and improve the capacity of main server.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization	AGV,Navigation,Warehouse.,Wireless Sensor Network
Human-robot co-working system for warehouse automation	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.This paper addresses the material handling problem (MHS) in warehouse automation by proposing a system that uses an automated guided vehicle (AGV) in industrial environments. The aim is to optimize the picking task with respect to manual operation in a paint factory. The work describes the whole system to perform all the automatic tasks. The process is controlled by the Manufacturing Process Management System (MPMS) and an autonomous co-worker robot execute the mission in partially known environments. The navigation system implemented is safe and robust. It considers the people detection and unknown static obstacles. Also, an ultra-wide-band localization system is implemented by offering new capabilities for situation awareness in factories. Experiments with a real holonomic platform called ARCO are performed to validate the approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGV,warehouse automation
Wireless control communications co-design via application-adaptive resource management	2019	IEEE 5G World Forum, 5GWF 2019 - Conference Proceedings	2019 IEEE.Ultra reliable low latency communications (URLLC) systems are usually designed to achieve availability values larger than 99.999 % at latencies in the millisecond range. However, these requirements can often be significantly relaxed by a control communications co-design approach, in which both control and communications domains adapt to each other. We present a framework to determine the quality of control (QoC) requirements of a given application and introduce the concept of application reliability, based on the example of an automated guided vehicle (AGV). It is observed that stability alone is not sufficient to cover QoC, and the required control precision has to be considered as well. These requirements are then mapped to possible network design strategies. Additionally, we propose an application-adaptive resource management that is able to reduce the average amount of links provisioned to the the application by approximately 1.7 while ensuring a maximum deviation from the desired path.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Signal Processing,Instrumentation,Computer Networks and Communications	Adaptive Resource Management,Control Communications Co-Design,URLLC,Wireless Control
Agent-based Model for Transport Order Assignment in AGV Systems	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.Transportation to solve intralogistics is becoming as complex as managing transportation in road logistics. Luckily, it takes place in structured environments where automation is easier. This work is about solving the task assignment problem for a group of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) serving the internal transport of a warehouse or factory. Instead of having a centralized task planner, we use an agent-based approach where agents represent all the stakeholders in the transport system. Namely, the clients are the transport orders and the taxis, the AGVs. We have modeled client and taxi behaviors by using extended finite-state stack machines (EFS2Ms) because they enable both modeling belief-desire-intention (BDI) agents and lower-level controllers. As a result, agent software is produced in a systematic way and, what is more, analyses of different working conditions can be done to fine-tune parameters of the models to achieve an efficient transportation. Results on one realistic study-case show that average service times can be shortened with respect to fixed planning and that this system can operate in legacy systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Agent-based modeling,AGV systems,extended finite-state machines,internal logistics,transport planning
Improved flower pollinaton algorithm for job shop scheduling problems integrated with AGVs 基于改进花授粉算法的共融AGV作业车间调度	2019	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2019, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.An improved Flower Pollinaton Algorithm(FPA)was proposed for solving the integrated scheduling problems of machines and Automated Guided Vehicles(AGVs), in which a new mutation operator was proposed based on the principal component analysis to improve the ability of perceiving the solution space and jumping out of local minima. The crossover operator was introducted to improve the exploration capability of FPA, and an effective self-adaptive initialization strategy based on Chromosome Similarity Matrix(CSM)was proposed to promote the diversity of population. As for the integrated scheduling problems, the integrated scheduling mathematical model of machines and AGVs was established, and then a new decoding algorithm and a new solution accepted mechanism were adopted to solve the integrated model. An integrated scheduling experiment platform was built to verify the improved FPA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Chromosome similarity matrix,Flower pollination algorithm,Integrated scheduling,New solution accepted mechanism,Principal component analysis
Multi-AGVs path planning based on improved ant colony algorithm	2019	Journal of Supercomputing	2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.The scheduling problem in multi-automated guided vehicles (AGVs) system involves the job-shop scheduling problem and the vehicle routing problem. In the real world, the scheduling problem is limited by some constraint conditions such as the system should be able to avoid collisions and route correction is asked to be easily realized. This paper studies the scheduling and collision-free routing problem of AGVs. Mathematical programming model is given for this problem, and the algorithm is improved based on multi-objective programming to optimize the pheromone matrix. By calculation using available test problems, the performance of the two methods is compared. The improved ant colony algorithm is empirically evaluated. The result shows that the mathematical programming model has good effect but limited application scope. The improved algorithm improves the performance of the existing algorithm, and finally, the rationality of the improved algorithm for large instance key parameter settings and scheme selection is verified by eleven test samples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture	Automated guided vehicles,Collision-free,IACA,Job-shop
Multiple AGV fault-tolerant within an agile manufacturing warehouse	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.The current trend towards Industry 4.0 leads to several important aspects that concern future warehouse systems. The holistic digitalization efforts behind this trend may enable sustainable and resilient processes within warehouses and may increase their agility, but require elaborate control and diagnosis systems. This paper concentrates on one prominent means for increasing the agility - the employment of multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs). Due to the complexity of a system with multiple AGVs, model predictive control (MPC) algorithms are required for effective and efficient operation. In industrial reality, uncertainties cannot be avoided, it is therefore highly desirable that these algorithms can handle such uncertainties and minor inconsistencies. The precedent necessities led to a strategy based on a fault-tolerant control framework, which is based on max-plus algebra with a model predictive control scheme. The applicability of this strategy is validated on the example of the feedings system of an high-bay warehouse.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Poland	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Agile manufacturing,AGVs system,Fault-tolerant control,Max-plus algebra,Model predictive control
A Tightly Coupled Inductive Power Transfer System for Low-Voltage and High-Current Charging of Automatic Guided Vehicles	2019	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	1982-2012 IEEE.This paper proposes a tightly coupled inductive power transfer (IPT) system for the low-voltage and high-current charging of automatic guided vehicles (AGVs). There are two challenges in the system design. First, the widely varying range of the airgap introduces difficulties to design the compensation circuit. Second, the low-voltage and high-current working condition introduces difficulties to maintain the system efficiency. This paper reveals that there are a large amount of high-order harmonic currents in a tightly coupled IPT system, and we have provided an effective design method to reduce the harmonics. The integrated LCC compensation circuit is selected as a solution, showing four merits: good robustness to the airgap variation, easy controllability, convenience to optimize the efficiency, and low high-order harmonics. A prototype is implemented, and the magnetic coupler size is 220 × 200 × 10 mm. Experimental results show that it achieves 1.78 kW power transfer from a 300 V dc source to a 24 V battery with 86.1% efficiency and a 73.8 A charging current across an airgap of 15 mm. When the airgap varies between 5 and 25 mm, the system power variation is within ±36.7% and the efficiency is not significantly affected.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Inductive power transfer (IPT),low-voltage and high current applications,tightly coupled
EAF based melt shops. Smart products; Assistance tools and service solutions for digital production	2019	MPT Metallurgical Plant and Technology International	Digital EAF Steelmaking starts with automated scrap handling and preparation, followed by a fully automated melting process guided by camera systems and automatic measuring devices. Small smart products around the EAF help to perform dangerous or tough working steps safely with as little manpower as possible .. Powerful tools for the process analysis and Business Intelligence systems allow a deep insight in the physical production process.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Scheduling automated transport vehicles for material distribution systems	2019	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2019 Elsevier B.V.The rise of advanced manufacturing technology has led to enhanced, efficient material handling equipment in manufacturing and container terminal environments. In order to exploit the full potential of advanced material handling equipment in real-world industrial environments, novel scheduling approaches capable of ensuring integrated operations for multiple automated transport vehicles need to be developed. This research develops a methodology for scheduling automated transport vehicles to ensure the smooth flow of materials in production and container terminal environments. The procedure consists of a mixed-integer programming model and two meta-heuristic-based algorithms that are proposed to achieve quality schedules within a reasonable amount of time. The obtained results show a significant reduction in the earliness or lateness of material delivery tasks and an improvement in operational performance, demonstrating that the proposed approaches are capable of ensuring smooth material distribution by scheduling automated transport vehicles in an integrated manner.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	4	Software	ATV scheduling,Genetic algorithm,Iterated greedy algorithm,Material distribution
Aircraft ground operations: steps towards automation	2019	CEAS Aeronautical Journal	2019, Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt e.V.The state of the art of aircraft ground-handling operations at airports is analysed. The overall automation of these activities is addressed and the main challenges to be overcome to build safe and efficient-automated ground-handling systems are identified. The most promising opportunity appears in the short term with docking of ground support equipment to aircraft, then with further autonomous vehicles moving around the aircraft and later with new automated systems within the aircraft. A concept for automated vehicles operation around the aircraft is also presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Transportation,Aerospace Engineering	Aircraft turnaround time,Airport ground operations,Automation,Ground handling
Comparison between two approaches to solve the Job Shop Scheduling Problem with Routing	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.the Job-Shop Scheduling Problem with Routing (JSPR) is an extension of the Job-Shop Scheduling Problem with Transport where a criteria of Quality of Service (QoS) is defined to the routing sub-problem. The QoS is defined as a trade off between the Total Duration, the Total Riding Time and the Total Waiting time of jobs. A solution of the JPSR is not a left-shifted solution where all operations start the earliest possible, but a solution minimizing the makespan and maximizing the QoS. (Gondran et al., 2018) introduce a TLH evaluation to compute a high quality solution of the JSPR. This paper is a comparison between two approaches using the TLH evaluation, the first approach is an integrated approach permitting to find high quality solutions in terms of makespan but requiring high computational time. The second approach is a sequential approach in which the TLH evaluation is performed only on the best solution according to the makespan criteria, the TLH evaluation included in a sequential approach permits to obtain a solution maximizing the QoS with a low computational time.  2019 IFAC	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering	JSPR,Quality of Service,Routing,Scheduling,TLH evaluation
Development of Simulator and Analysis of Walking for Hexapod Robots	2019	2019 58th Annual Conference of the Society of Instrument and Control Engineers of Japan, SICE 2019	2019 The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers - SICE.The control of legs for hexapod robot is complicated and it has been attracted many researchers' concern. Recently, such unmanned electric vehicles as automatic guided vehicles, drones with many rotors, and mobilities with crawlers, etc. are rapidly put into practical use. However, hexapod robots are far from the practical use although some toy robots are available. The hexapod robot would be much more useful for walking on wasteland, muddy land or slippery land, etc. and it is required to design the large-scale hexapod robot with optimized control of legs. A simulator for the walking of hexapod robot is developed for the first time and the walking behaviors are analyzed. The application of Model Based Design method to the development of simulator and the straight walking stability is discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	hexapod robot,Model Based Design,simulation,straight walking stability,walking
Delay Tolerant Networks in Industrial Applications	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.The control of mobile robots in industrial applications is mostly shared between local control by the robot and remote control by a central control system. The rising autonomy of robots in industrial settings affect the type of messages communicated between the central control system and the mobile robot. Single messages become bigger in size, but more tolerant towards transmission delays. This work examines the possibility of using delay tolerant networking in an industrial application for mobile robots. After defining the emerging requirements, the network is modelled statistically to check the theoretical applicability. An implementation of a delay tolerant network in an industrial application is used to verify the model and evaluate the observed performance. According to the observed performance DTNs are applicable for a wide variety of use cases in industrial applications. The work is concluded by giving a brief overview over future research and the methods that will be prioritized in this future research.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	delay tolerant network,future challenges,industrial automation,mobile robotics,wireless communication
Motion and layout planning in a grid-based early baggage storage system: Heuristic algorithms and a simulation study	2019	OR Spectrum	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.Grid-based storage systems consist of many adjacent square cells arranged in a rectangular grid. Cells are either empty or occupied by a storage item. Items are stored on conveyors and are movable simultaneously and independently into the four cardinal directions. This technology allows for very dense storage. Previous research on grid-based storages has mainly focused on retrieval performance analysis of a single storage item. In this paper, we contribute a framework for the efficient storage and retrieval of a large number of storage items based on a multi-agent routing algorithm. We evaluate the framework using different storage and retrieval strategies in a simulation-based case study, in which we design and analyze a grid-based early baggage storage system at a major German airport.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Management Science and Operations Research	Airport logistics,Early baggage storage,Grid-based storage,High-density storage,Multi-agent routing,Puzzle-based storage,Simulation
Laboratory environment for algorithms testing in mobile robotics	2019	SISY 2019 - IEEE 17th International Symposium on Intelligent Systems and Informatics, Proceedings	2019 IEEE.The aim of this research is to create fully functional environment for real-life testing of various algorithms in mobile robotic. Main advantage, beside low-cost, is dealing with challenges of real-life implementation. Unlike simulation environments (e.g. MathLab), this setting will allow researchers to test their path planning, collision detection and other algorithms with real challenges, real robots and real static and dynamic obstacles. Environment is particularly adapted for swarm robotics and any other mobile robotics including 2D and 3D scenarios. Enabling researches to prove their algorithms in this environment allows significantly faster path to real implementation in industry, military and science. Concept is based on OpenCV library and low-cost hardware. Solution is based on visual positioning and motion vector detection. System allows controlling mobile robots via radio communication with the range up to 100m which allows practical application of the system. This research paper should be considered as a part of series of research papers published earlier.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Bosnia and Herzegovina	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	Computer vision,Low-cost hardware,Mobile robots,Radio control,swarm
Research on Intelligent Robot Patrol Route Based on Cloud Computing	2019	Proceedings - 2nd International Conference on Computer Network, Electronic and Automation, ICCNEA 2019	2019 IEEE.In order to better ensure the accuracy of the robot's running path, a cloud computing-based correction method for intelligent robot inspection path is proposed. Firstly, the displacement detection method of the robot inspection path is optimized, so that the movement path is reasonably planned, the standard parameters of the path inspection are obtained according to the path planning result, and the actual movement path parameters of the robot monitored in real time are calculated and compared, and once the comparison error occurs, correction processing is immediately carried out, so that correction processing of the inspection path of the intelligent robot is completed. Finally, the experiment proves that the intelligent robot inspection path correction method based on cloud computing is more effective and reasonable than the traditional method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Automotive Engineering	Cloud Computing,Inspection Route,Rectification Methods,Robots
Dynamically Integrating Manufacturing Automation with Logistics	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.This paper provides a summary of my plenary talk at the 24th International Conference on Emerging Technology and Factory Automation. It provides an overview of some of the opportunities provided by integrating manufacturing operations with the related intralogistics, drawing on examples from WMG. In the context of assembly tasks it explores the use of distributed warehousing and localized kitting systems within an Industry 4.0 framework in order to reduce non-value-adding activities within adaptable processes, so that product variety and volumes can by dynamically changed whilst maintaining efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	automation,digital twin,digitalization,Industry 4.0,intralogistics,lifecycle engineering
MU R-CNN: A two-dimensional code instance segmentation network based on deep learning	2019	Future Internet	2019 by the authors.In the context of Industry 4.0, the most popular way to identify and track objects is to add tags, and currently most companies still use cheap quick response (QR) tags, which can be positioned by computer vision (CV) technology. In CV, instance segmentation (IS) can detect the position of tags while also segmenting each instance. Currently, the mask region-based convolutional neural network (Mask R-CNN) method is used to realize IS, but the completeness of the instance mask cannot be guaranteed. Furthermore, due to the rich texture of QR tags, low-quality images can lower intersection-over-union (IoU) significantly, disabling it from accurately measuring the completeness of the instance mask. In order to optimize the IoU of the instance mask, a QR tag IS method named the mask UNet region-based convolutional neural network (MU R-CNN) is proposed. We utilize the UNet branch to reduce the impact of low image quality on IoU through texture segmentation. The UNet branch does not depend on the features of the Mask R-CNN branch so its training process can be carried out independently. The pre-trained optimal UNet model can ensure that the loss of MU R-CNN is accurate from the beginning of the end-to-end training. Experimental results show that the proposed MU R-CNN is applicable to both high- and low-quality images, and thus more suitable for Industry 4.0.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Networks and Communications	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Dice loss,Instance segmentation,Mask R-CNN,Mask scoring R-CNN,Product traceability system (PTS),Quick response (QR),UNet,Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV),Visual navigation
Skid steering of robotic vehicle for autonomous applications	2019	International Conference on Electical Drives and Power Electronics	2019 IEEE.The paper deals with principles of motion control of skid steered robotic vehicle. The proposed control of drives allows the vehicle to move on uneven terrain with different surface or inclination of the vehicle. Control was checked on physical model of robotic vehicle. Inaccuracy of odometric calculation based on wheel speed sensors is eliminated by visual odometry based on stereoscopic camera system in combination with signals from inertial sensors. Solution is based on robotic operation system ROS to ensure reusability and compatibility with another hardware platforms. Further, it has also been demonstrated that the use of electric drive for vehicles with skid steer can be energy efficient.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Robot,ROS,Skid steering
Developing Flexible Manufacture Cell in University industrial Park and its Modeling	2019	Proceedings - 2019 International Russian Automation Conference, RusAutoCon 2019	2019 IEEE.A scheme of a flexible manufacture cell (FMC) with the placement of mechanical equipment (by the example of Sumgayit State University) for manufacturing mechatronic elements of innovative projects in the industrial park of the university has been proposed. When creating a flexible manufacture cell in the university's industrial park, the authors carried out scientific research on the planning of technological processes and the kinematic analysis of a crane-manipulator in a flexible manufacture cell using an algorithm for modeling logical predicates. Based on the three-dimensional kinematic diagram of the crane-manipulator, its linear motion path with generalized coordinates for servicing 4 mechanical machines was determined. For functional modeling of FMC based on the graph theory of a Petri net, the actions of this object were studied and a graph-scheme of functional modeling of a lathe module in FMC was constructed. The authors determined the addressing parameters in the structure of FMC for the implementation of joint management of the network of the technological process under study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Azerbaijan	0	Software,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Signal Processing	automation of technology process,flexible manufacture cell,innovation project,Petry net,Scientific research
A Low-Cost and Scaled Automation System for Education in Industrial Automation	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.Modern automation systems consist of assemblies of mechanical and electrical components commanded through digital controllers. The physical implementation of automation systems in education is difficult due to the current costs of industrial automation hardware. This constrains automation courses to only theoretical and/or virtual activities. This paper proposes the implementation of a scaled automation system through the mixing of industrial and prototype hardware. The defined low-cost architecture allows students to practically experience fundamental concepts of industrial automation as PLC code design and verification, SCADA development, and system remote control.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Colombia	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	design pattern,education,Industrial automation,prototype hardware,scaled automation system
Investigation of Impact of UWB RTLS Errors on AGV Positioning Accuracy	2019	Proceedings - 2019 International Russian Automation Conference, RusAutoCon 2019	2019 IEEE.In this paper we investigate the accuracy of positioning using ultra-wide band (UWB) radio signals in the indoor navigation system. The system is operated by means of the TDoA method that provides an unlimited amount of tracked objects. The system consists of tags and anchors. Measurement errors of each anchor are different. They depend on several factors, e.g. responding order, geometry of location. The influence of these factors is described. The comparison of the accuracy of position estimation using the information about measurement errors of radio navigation parameters and without using is held. To calculate the coordinates of the object, an extended Kalman Filter algorithm is used. The research was done on various combinations of navigation system anchors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Software,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Signal Processing	indoor navigation,indoor positioning,Kalman Filter,signal processing,ultra-wide band,UWB
A novel concept of lane-keeping algorithms for mobile robots	2019	SISY 2019 - IEEE 17th International Symposium on Intelligent Systems and Informatics, Proceedings	2019 IEEE.In this work, a new concept of lane-keeping motion planning algorithms for mobile robots is introduced. It is called Velocity Lane-keeping (VLK) method because it is an extension of the well-known Velocity Obstacles (VO) method. The goal of the novel algorithm is to select a velocity vector, such that the robot does not leave the lane if collision-free motion is available. Another goal is that the robot has to reach the desired position. The algorithm calculates the velocity and the path profile only for the robot, the obstacles' velocities are supposed to be known (or measurable) at every sampling time. The robot has to execute the motion to the goal position even if there are not only static but also moving obstacles in the workspace. The VLK method can be extended with a cost function resulting an effective target reaching method for the mobile robot in the lane. The novel algorithm was tested in simulations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	Cost function,Dynamic environment,Lane-keeping,Mobile robots,Obstacle avoidance
Simulating Mobile Networks for Industrial Applications	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.Most network simulation tools focus on the observation of different network technologies (interfaces, routing algorithms) being implemented in the same theoretical scenario for direct comparisons. The exact replication of environments or applications is not a priority. The simulation tool shown in this work focuses on exactly this: the performance analysis of different network technologies in certain applications, with a focus on the application of mobile wireless networks in industrial environments. The tool is based on a well-known framework in order to profit from the extensible amount of online documentation and resources available for this framework. This is important for future collaborations and addition of more sophisticated models. Multiple scenario were implemented using the simulation tool and in the real world. The results of the simulation fit the observed network performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Mobility Model,Modular Framework,Network Simulation,Transmission Model,Work-in-Progress
Wireless Communication in Industrial Applications	2019	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2019 IEEE.Tomorrow's production facilities will be more flexible and efficient by incorporating new technologies, like massive wireless sensor networks, intelligent logistics solutions, human-machine-cooperation and a tight-knit communication connecting all of these systems. The rise of mobile machines and the required ability for reconfiguration of static production facilities fosters the use of wireless communication technologies. However even communication technologies that provide features specialized for industry, like 5G, will not be able to fulfill all requirements of the industrial environment simultaneously. We show this by analyzing the requirements of industrial use cases and comparing them to the performance of current and future communication technologies. We introduce current fields of research, which focus on technologies and strategies used in the factory context for solving these challenges. To do so the factory of the future will use multiple communication technologies and those need to be orchestrated properly.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	future production facility,industrial automation,matrix production,mobile robotics,wireless communication,work in progress
Two-Step Control using Invariant Manifold on Connected Vehicle Model	2019	2019 58th Annual Conference of the Society of Instrument and Control Engineers of Japan, SICE 2019	2019 The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers - SICE.The purpose of this study is to construct control using characteristics of non-holonomic system for connected vehicle models such as trailers. By extension to this system in the future, it can be expected to comprehensively represent the motion characteristics of the coupled vehicle such as jackknife. Various methods have been tried for non-linear control approaches in articulated vehicles. However, continuous control is difficult due to the non-linear nature. Therefore, in this paper, we derived invariant manifold and constructed control aiming at relatively continuous control. Therefore, in this paper, we derived invariant manifold and constructed control aiming at relatively continuous control. The proposed method is extended to two-stage control by partially using quasi-continuous exponential stabilization control. The controller was verified using simulation to show the effectiveness against convergence.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	canonical form,chained form,connected vehicle,invariant manifold,nonholonomic system,nonlinear control
Vision-based curved lane keeping control for intelligent vehicle highway system	2019	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	IMechE 2018.This article addresses the coordinated longitudinal and lateral motion control for an intelligent vehicle highway system. The strategy of this work consists of defining the edges of the traveled lane using a vision sensor. According to the detected boundaries, a constrained path-following method is proposed to drive the longitudinal and the lateral vehicle’s motion. Error constraints of the intelligent vehicle highway system position are manipulated by including the function of barrier Lyapunov in designing the guidance algorithm for the intelligent vehicle highway system. To calculate the necessary forces that would steer the vehicle to the desired path, a control design is proposed that integrates the sign of the error for the compensation of the uncertain vehicle’s parameters. The Lyapunov function is later used to minimize the path-following errors and to guarantee a stable system. The efficiency of the developed approach is proved by numerical simulations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	guidance control,intelligent vehicle highway system,Lane keeping,Robust Integral of the Sign of the Error feedback,vision camera
A multi-robot simulator for the evaluation of formation control algorithms	2019	2019 11th Computer Science and Electronic Engineering Conference, CEEC 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.Autonomous/unmanned driving has the capability to provide numerous benefits such as better traffic management, increased safety, reduced emission, and enhanced transportation network. Once autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) are deployed, they will have to interact with other such vehicles. Interaction between multiple AGVs is an important area of research where analysis on the performance of algorithms/control schemes of AGVs is carried out. Performing real-world experiments with teams of autonomous vehicles is a challenging task due to cost and complexity. On the other hand, a simulation can emulate reality and provide an inexpensive and less time-consuming development process compared to the real world robots' testing. Therefore, a simulation tool is developed for multi-robot navigation. This simulator is based on open-source Robot Operating Systems (ROS) and natively supported robotics simulator Gazebo.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Media Technology	Autonomous robots,Laser scanning,Platoon formation,Simulation
UMV control via FOSMO	2019	Journal of Mechanical Science and Technology	2019, KSME & Springer.In this work, the speed and direction angle of an unmanned vehicle (UMV) are controlled by using a sliding mode controller (SMC). However, no mechanical speed or position sensor is used to control the speed and direction angle of the UMV. The speed and direction angle of the UMV are estimated using the fractional-order sliding mode observer (FOSMO), wherein the real UMV motor currents and voltages are measured by sensors and the kinematic modal of the UMV is used. The angular speeds of the UMV are approximated with the help of the estimated and real UMV motor currents. Then, the estimated speed and direction angle of the UMV are approximated by estimated angular speed of the UMV and those produced by the FOSMO are used in the SMC, which controls the speed and direction angle of a UMV. Given that fractional-order differential equations and algorithms are used in FOSMO, a more precise control than that in other controllers that use full-order differential equations is achieved. Lyapunov stability theory is also used to establish stability conditions for the observer. Experimental results show that the proposed observer can be perfectly implemented without a mechanical or position sensor and robustly follows different complex reference trajectories.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Fractional-order control,Observer design,Sliding mode control,Vehicle system
Technical Backbone for the Democratization of Flexibility: Standards-based Demand Response Infrastructure	2019	International Conference on the European Energy Market, EEM	2019 IEEE.This paper describes an open standards-based information system that can support the democratization and consumer empowerment through flexibility activation in the distribution networks of the near future. The paper outlines a software infrastructure focused on technical issues, closely following the OpenADR standard and the corresponding IEC 62746-10 standard. The infrastructure represents a communication backbone allowing the connection, registering, activation and reporting for different types of granular consumer flexibility. The flexibility sources can be very diverse-from controllable charging set points of electric vehicle chargers and district-level storages such as stationary batteries, towards taking advantage of comparatively large time constants of thermal systems in residential and commercial buildings. In the viewpoint of the proposed system, all these flexibility provisions represent distributed energy resources in a wider sense. The system thus offers interoperable support for consumer-level integration of different energy systems (electricity, heat and gas), and additional flexibility sources are made available to the electric power system, all the time keeping the user comfort and avoiding service disruptions. The paper outlines the technical infrastructure as a backbone activating new sources of flexibility, helping the further proliferation of renewable energy sources and establishing new market actors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	0	Marketing,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Fuel Technology	activation,demand response,democratization,flexibility,standards
VFH∗ Based Local Path Planning for Mobile Robot	2019	Proceedings - 2nd China Symposium on Cognitive Computing and Hybrid Intelligence, CCHI 2019	2019 IEEE.Vector Field Histogram(VFH) and its variants are effective obstacles avoidance method for mobile robots. Under the more consideration of realistic, we proposed a new local path planning method for mobile robot in this paper. The proposed method takes global path point generated by the A∗ algorithm as temporary target point and adopts the basic concepts of the VFH∗ algorithm, the difference is mainly lies in the representation of vector magnitude of the obstacles, the determination of the threshold, the selection of the candidate direction, and the definition of the node cost function in search tree. Besides, according to the optimal obstacle avoidance direction obtained in the above steps, we also give a speed control method to control the movement of the omnidirectional mobile robot to the target point. Simulation and experiment results shows that the proposed method is suited for mobile robot moving in realistic situation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications	local path planning,mobile robot,VFH∗
Multi-attribute multi-perception decision-making based on generalized T-spherical fuzzy weighted aggregation operators on neutrosophic sets	2019	Mathematics	2019 by the authors.The framework of the T-spherical fuzzy set is a recent development in fuzzy set theory that can describe imprecise events using four types of membership grades with no restrictions. The purpose of this manuscript is to point out the limitations of the existing intuitionistic fuzzy Einstein averaging and geometric operators and to develop some improved Einstein aggregation operators. To do so, first some new operational laws were developed for T-spherical fuzzy sets and their properties were investigated. Based on these new operations, two types of Einstein aggregation operators are proposed namely the Einstein interactive averaging aggregation operators and the Einstein interactive geometric aggregation operators. The properties of the newly developed aggregation operators were then investigated and verified. The T-spherical fuzzy aggregation operators were then applied to a multi-attribute decision making (MADM) problem related to the degree of pollution of five major cities in China. Actual datasets sourced from the UCI Machine Learning Repository were used for this purpose. A detailed study was done to determine the most and least polluted city for different perceptions for different situations. Several compliance tests were then outlined to test and verify the accuracy of the results obtained via our proposed decision-making algorithm. It was proved that the results obtained via our proposed decision-making algorithm was fully compliant with all the tests that were outlined, thereby confirming the accuracy of the results obtained via our proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	10	Mathematics (all)	Aggregation operator,Multi-attribute decision making,Single-valued neutrosophic sets,T-spherical fuzzy sets
Mapping Structural Relationships among the Critical Factors of FMS Flexibility	2019	Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Systems	2019 World Scientific Publishing Company.The excessive competition in domestic as well as international market has forced the manufacturing organizations to adopt advance manufacturing systems such as flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Adoption of these systems has resulted into increased productivity and better quality products. In order to continue their presence in cut-throat competitive environment, the manufacturing organizations are exploring the flexibility options of FMS. In order to analyze the flexibility options of FMS, an endeavor has been performed to identify the critical factors (CFS) that are pertinent to the flexibility of FMS. These CFS have a reflective impact in designing of FMS. After ascertaining these CFS, interpretive structural modeling (ISM) and MICMAC approach have been used to establish the structural relationships among these CFS to develop a hierarchical model. The verdicts of this exploration may assist managers to analyze the flexibility options of FMS in their organizations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	critical factors,Flexible manufacturing system,interpretive structural modeling,MICMAC
Planning and design of a chassis container terminal	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Chassis or wheeled container terminals are common inland intermodal terminals; however, research efforts related to this kind of terminals are very scarce. In this work we want to expand the current literature basis relating chassis terminals and propose a mathematical model that aids the design process of the terminal. We develop cycle time models for gantry cranes and tractor units which allow computing the expected equipment cycle time in a single command cycle. Next, we integrate the cycle time models into an optimization framework that seeks to minimize the investment and operation costs of the terminal. The results show that container dwell time has a substantial impact on total cost, especially for a large terminal. We also found that optimal configuration uses only a small number of gantry cranes due to high investment costs.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Colombia	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Chassis container terminal,Crane cycle time,Design,Inland terminal,Intermodal transportation,Layout,Wheeled container terminal
AMHS Vehicle Management Policies in Semiconductor Manufacturing: A Short Review	2019	Proceedings of the 2019 International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Systems Management, IESM 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper studies vehicle management in unified Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHS) of semiconductor manufacturing facilities. The main characteristics of an AMHS are first discussed. Then, the literature on vehicle management policies, decomposed into vehicle dispatching policies and vehicle routing policies, is surveyed. Vehicle dispatching policies are decomposed into vehicle initiated policies, lot initiated policies and empty vehicle policies. Some challenging research perspectives are also highlighted.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Strategy and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Material Handling System (AMHS),Review,Semiconductor Manufacturing,Vehicle Dispatching,Vehicle Routing
A linear dynamic feedback controller for non-linear systems described by matrix differential equations of the second and first orders	2019	Measurement and Control (United Kingdom)	The Author(s) 2019.The paper presents a design scheme of the linear dynamic feedback controller for some non-linear systems. These systems are mathematically described by matrix non-linear differential equations of the first and second orders. A first-order form of the studied systems includes some types of differential-algebraic equations. The stability property of the non-linear systems with the linear controller is assured by an appropriate definition of the system output, and the linear dynamic compensator is an important part of the feedback control system. The order of the dynamic part is equal to the size of the system input and is independent of the size of the system state vector. The asymptotic stability in the Lyapunov sense is analysed and proved by the use of Lyapunov functionals and LaSalle’s invariance principle. Stabilisation in a wide range of controller parameters improves the system’s robustness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	1	Instrumentation,Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	dynamic feedback,Lyapunov functional,non-linear system,Stabilisation
Prognosis of the energy and instantaneous power consumption in electric vehicles enhanced by visual terrain classification	2019	Computers and Electrical Engineering	2019 Elsevier LtdThe use of electric vehicles (EVs) has been viewed as a potential solution to reduce the oil dependence in transportation. Nevertheless, the performance of the EV changes according to the nature and characteristics of the terrain. This work focuses in modelling the instantaneous power consumption (IPC) of an EV as it traverses through different types of terrains, classified using an artificial vision system. The EV is sensorized with voltage and current sensors, accurate real time kinematics device, an artificial vision system and a real time processing unit, to perform field tests. To see the advantages of using terrain information for energy prognosis in EVs, we compared our proposal with the information provided by the manufacturer and previously published approaches. Our system showed to be up to 95% more accurate when tested over clay, gravel, pavement and grass in both short term and long term trials, and it does not need of a complete knowledge of the system's model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Chile	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Electric vehicles,Instantaneous power consumption,Real time processing,Terrain modelling
A Sensor-based Framework for Real-time Detection and Alleviation of Public Speaking Anxiety	2019	2019 8th International Conference on Affective Computing and Intelligent Interaction Workshops and Demos, ACIIW 2019	2019 IEEE.Oral presentations are important and challenging tasks that most people struggle with due to public speaking anxiety. To date, there are fewer research interventions that are designed to assist presenters manage their anxiety in real-time during presentations. This research attempts to fill this gap by exploring ways in which sensor-driven technologies can help reduce anxiety during presentations. To help presenters manage their anxiety, I will design and evaluate an automated real-time framework for detecting public speaking anxiety and explore behavioral just-in-time techniques that presenters can use while presenting. The automated framework will be guided by a physiological detection model, use a virtual agent as the user interface, and will assist presenters during their presentation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Human-Computer Interaction,Social Psychology,Behavioral Neuroscience	biofeedback,just-in-time interventions,oral presentations,public speaking anxiety,real-time detection,sensing,virtual agents
Exploring human factors in Logistics 4.0: Empirical evidence from a case study	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Nowadays, the terms Smart Logistics and Logistics 4.0 are used to represent the Industry 4.0 technology-based application in the field of logistics. The introduction of technology in logistics affects significantly the work of operators, opening new evolution scenarios and offering several opportunities of change of the human role in logistics. Starting from a literature analysis, this paper aims at addressing the changes that will occur for logistics operators in the Industry 4.0 era, depicting two possible scenarios. Moreover, a case study analysis is used for presenting a Logistics 4.0 implementation in a real industrial context, discussing its impacts on the human work.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Human operator support,Industry 4.0,Intelligent decision support systems in manufacturing,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Logistics in manufacturing
Effects of block lengths and stacking policies on overall performance at non-transshipment container terminals	2019	Simulation	The Author(s) 2018.The ever-increasing worldwide container throughput and the intensified port competition have demanded better terminal operational performance, which is usually measured by the gross crane rate (GCR). In this paper, a multiagent-based simulation model is proposed to investigate how the block length of the storage yard and the tactical-level stacking policy affect the operational performance of non-transshipment container terminals over the long term. Experiments consider seven block lengths, two yard truck fleet sizes and two stacking policies. The results demonstrate that the best block length yielding the highest GCR is dependent on the stacking policy and the yard truck fleet size, and the separate stacking policy is essentially superior to the scattered stacking policy. Specifically, only when 9-yard trucks are deployed per quay crane under the separate stacking policy, can the typical 42-slot block length achieve the highest GCR. Although the experiments are not exhaustive, they do provide the first fundamental insights, with respect to the effects of block lengths and stacking policies, on the long-term performance at a manually controlled non-transshipment container terminal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	block length,Container terminal,multiagent system,operational performance,simulation,stacking policy
Planning and Operation of Parking Lots Considering System, Traffic, and Drivers Behavioral Model	2019	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2018 IEEE.The planning and operation problems of parking lots of plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs) are studied in this paper. Herein, each distribution company (DISCO) allocates the parking lots to the electrical feeders to minimize the power loss and expected energy not supplied of the system, and consequently minimize the total cost of the planning problem over the given time horizon. In addition, the generation company (GENCO) manages the charging time of PEVs parked in the parking lots to defer the more expensive and pollutant generation units, and as a result maximize its daily profit. In both planning and operation problems, the behavioral model of PEVs' drivers are modeled with respect to the value of incentive and their distance from the parking lots. To achieve the realistic results in the planning problem of each DISCO, several economic and technical factors including yearly inflation and interest rates, hourly and daily variations of the load demand, yearly load growth of the system, and yearly growth rate of PEVs' application are considered. The optimization problems of each DISCO and GENCO are solved applying quantum-inspired simulated annealing algorithm and genetic algorithm, respectively. It is demonstrated that the behavioral model of drivers, their driving patterns, and even the type of PEVs can remarkably affect the outcomes of planning and operation problems. It is shown that the optimal allocation of parking lots can minimize every DISCO's planning cost and optimal charging management of PEVs can increase the GENCO's daily profit.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	14	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Charging management,drivers' behavioral model,driving patterns,plug-in electric vehicle (PEV),traffic and system-based parking lot allocation
Global supervisory structure for decentralized systems of flexible manufacturing systems using Petri nets	2019	Processes	2019 by the authors.Decentralized supervisory structure has drawn much attention in recent years to address the computational complexity in designing supervisory structures for large Petri net model. Many studies are reported in the paradigm of automata while few can be found in the Petri net paradigm. The decentralized supervisory structure can address the computational complexity, but it adds the structural complexity of supervisory structure. This paper proposed a new method of designing a global controller for decentralized systems of a large Petri net model for flexible manufacturing systems. The proposed method can both reduce the computational complexity by decomposition of large Petri net models into several subnets and structural complexity by designing a global supervisory structure that can greatly reduce the cost at the implementation stage. Two efficient algorithms are developed in the proposed method. Algorithm 1 is used to compute decentralized working zones from the given Petri net model for flexible manufacturing systems. Algorithm 2 is used to compute the global controller that enforces the liveness to the decentralized working zones. The ring assembling method is used to reconnect and controlled the working zones via a global controller. The proposed method can be applied to large Petri nets size and, in general, it has less computational and structural complexity. Experimental examples are presented to explore the applicability of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Bioengineering,Chemical Engineering (miscellaneous),Process Chemistry and Technology	Decentralized system,Flexible manufacturing system,Global controller,Petri nets,Working zone
Task scheduling system for UAV operations in indoor environment	2019	Neural Computing and Applications	2018, The Author(s).The application of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) in indoor environment is emerging nowadays due to the advancements in technology. UAV brings more space flexibility in an occupied or hardly accessible indoor environment, e.g. shop floor of manufacturing industry, greenhouse, and nuclear powerplant. UAV helps in creating an autonomous manufacturing system by executing tasks with less human intervention in a time-efficient manner. Consequently, a scheduler is an essential component to be focused on; yet the number of reported studies on UAV scheduling has been minimal. This work proposes a mathematical model of the problem and a heuristic-based methodology to solve it. To suit near real-time operations, a quick response towards uncertain events and a quick creation of new high-quality feasible schedule are needed. Hence, the proposed heuristic is incorporated with particle swarm optimization algorithm to find a near optimal schedule in a short computation time. This proposed methodology is implemented into a scheduler and tested on a few scales of datasets generated based on real flight demonstrations. Performance evaluation of scheduler is discussed in detail, and the best solution obtained from a selected set of parameters is reported.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	19	Software,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous system,Indoor UAV system,Particle swarm optimization,Scheduling
Warehousing in the e-commerce era: A survey	2019	European Journal of Operational Research	2018 Elsevier B.V.E-commerce retailers face the challenge to assemble large numbers of time-critical picking orders each consisting of just a few order lines with low order quantities. Traditional picker-to-parts warehouses are often ill-suited for these prerequisites, so that automated warehousing systems (e.g., automated picking workstations, robots, and AGV-assisted order picking systems) are applied and organizational adaptions (e.g., mixed-shelves storage, dynamic order processing, and batching, zoning and sorting systems) are made in this branch of industry. This paper is dedicated to these warehousing systems especially suited for e-commerce retailers. We discuss suited systems, survey the relevant literature, and define future research needs.	Journal	j	re	Review	Germany	39	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	E-commerce,Logistics,Survey,Warehousing
A Multi-agent Based Dynamic Scheduling of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	2019	Global Journal of Flexible Systems Management	2019, Global Institute of Flexible Systems Management.Ongoing market requirements and real-time demands have led to intense competiveness in the manufacturing industry. Hence competitors are bound to employ newer means of manufacturing systems that can handle the ongoing market conditions in a flexible and efficient manner. To tackle these problems manufacturing control systems have evolved to the distributed manufacturing control system by exploiting their control architectures. These distributed control architectures provide an efficient mechanism that gives reactive and dynamically optimized system performance. This paper studies the impact of design and control factors on the performance of flexible manufacturing system. The system is evaluated on the basis of makespan, average machine utilization and the average waiting time of parts at the queue. Discrete-event based simulation models are developed to conduct simulation experiments. The results obtained were subjected to multi-response optimization as per Grey based Taguchi methodology. The effect of control architecture was statistically significant on the performance of flexible manufacturing system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management	Distributed control architectures,Flexible manufacturing systems,Grey relational analysis,Heterarchical control architectures,Multi-agent systems,Taguchi experiment design
Efficiency analysis and improvement of an intelligent transportation system for the application in greenhouse	2019	Electronics (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In view of the future lack of human resources due to the aging of the population, the automatic, Intelligent Mechatronic Systems (IMSs) and Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITSs) have broad application prospects. However, complex application scenarios and limited open design resources make designing highly efficient ITS systems still a challenging task. In this paper, the optimal load factor solving solution is established. By converting the three user requirements including working distance, time and load into load-related factors, the optimal result can be obtained among system complexity, efficiency and system energy consumption. A specialized visual navigation and motion control system has been proposed to simplify the path planning, navigation and motion control processes and to be accurately calculated in advance, thereby further improving the efficiency of the ITS system. The validity of the efficiency calculation formula and navigation control method proposed in this paper is verified. Under optimal conditions, the actual working mileage is expected to be 99.7%, and the energy consumption is 83.5% of the expected value, which provides sufficient redundancy for the system. In addition, the individual ITS reaches the rated operating efficiency of 95.86%; in other words, one ITS has twice the ability of a single worker. This proves the accuracy and efficiency of the designed ITS system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Greenhouse environment,Intelligent transportation systems (ITSs),Multiple conditional constraints for ITS,Spraying systems
The dynamic p-median problem with mobile facilities	2019	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2019 Elsevier LtdBeing motivated by real life applications in construction management, we consider the dynamic p-median problem and its extension with mobile facilities. The number of facilities changes over a planning horizon where one or more facilities can be opened, relocated, or closed in any period. The problem is to determine (i) facility locations, (ii) opening/closing times of facilities, (iii) routes of mobile facilities, and (iv) demand allocations to open facilities such that the total cost is minimized. We present a mixed integer programming formulation of the dynamic p-median problem using discretization of distances to control the locational decision variables. We develop a branch and price algorithm and constructive heuristics to solve the problem. Extensive computational results of the solution method are provided on a set of test problem instances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	1	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Branch and price,Location,Mobile facilities,The p-median problem
Automatic white-box testing of first-order logic ontologies	2019	Journal of Logic and Computation	2019 The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.Formal ontologies are axiomatizations in a logic-based formalism. The development of formal ontologies is generating considerable research on the use of automated reasoning techniques and tools that help in ontology engineering. One of the main aims is to refine and to improve axiomatizations for enabling automated reasoning tools to efficiently infer reliable information. Defects in the axiomatization cannot only cause wrong inferences, but can also hinder the inference of expected information, either by increasing the computational cost of or even preventing the inference. In this paper, we introduce a novel, fully automatic white-box testing framework for first-order logic (FOL) ontologies. Our methodology is based on the detection of inference-based redundancies in the given axiomatization. The application of the proposed testing method is fully automatic since (i) the automated generation of tests is guided only by the syntax of axioms and (ii) the evaluation of tests is performed by automated theorem provers (ATPs). Our proposal enables the detection of defects and serves to certify the grade of suitability-for reasoning purposes-of every axiom. We formally define the set of tests that are (automatically) generated from any axiom and prove that every test is logically related to redundancies in the axiom from which the test has been generated. We have implemented our method and used this implementation to automatically detect several non-trivial defects that were hidden in various FOL ontologies. Throughout the paper we provide illustrative examples of these defects, explain how they were found and how each proof-given by an ATP-provides useful hints on the nature of each defect. Additionally, by correcting all the detected defects, we have obtained an improved version of one of the tested ontologies: Adimen-SUMO.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	1	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Arts and Humanities (miscellaneous),Hardware and Architecture,Logic	Automated theorem proving,first-order logic,knowledge representation,ontology,white-box testing
A review of energy efficiency in ports: Operational strategies, technologies and energy management systems	2019	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	2019Many ports and terminals endeavor to enhance energy efficiency as energy prices have increased through years and climate change mitigation is a key target for the port industry. Stricter environmental regulations are adopted by authorities to limit pollutants and GHG emissions arising from energy consumption. Increasingly, port operational strategies and energy usage patterns are under scrutiny. To ingrain sustainability and environmental protection of ports, the use of innovative technology appears as a critical conduit in achieving a transition from a carbon-intensive port industry (dependent on fossil fuels) to a low-carbon port model by harnessing renewable energy, alternative fuels (e.g. LNG, hydrogen, biofuel), smarter power distribution systems, energy consumption measurement systems. In this context, this paper conducts a systematic literature review to analyze operational strategies (e.g. peak shaving, operations optimization), technology usage (e.g. electrification of equipment, cold-ironing, energy storage systems), renewable energy, alternative fuels and energy management systems (e.g. smart grid with renewable energy) for improving the energy efficiency and environmental performance of ports and terminals. Research gaps and future research directions are identified. Analysis shows that there is a great potential for ports to achieve further energy efficiency and researchers have many impactful research opportunities.	Journal	j	re	Review	Singapore	21	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment	Electrification,Energy efficiency,Ports,Renewable energy,Smart energy management,Sustainability
Big data driven cloud-fog manufacturing architecture 大数据驱动的云雾制造体系架构	2019	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2019, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To study the inevitability of the birth of cloud-fog manufacturing, and the specific framework of big data driven cloud-fog manufacturing architecture as well as its implementation advantages under the background of big data and Internet of manufacturing things, through the analysis on mode evolution of manufacture systems under the background of big data and Internet of manufacturing things, the intrinsic reason why cloud manufacturing transformed towards cloud and fog collaborative manufacturing was explained. The manufacturing architecture based on cloud and fog computing in big data environment was proposed. Then, its implementations on three different levels, namely, device, workshop and enterprise were investigated. The flexible self-adaptive manufacturing model, the multi-agents based dynamic flexible shop scheduling model, the customized predicting manufacture model and the dynamic networked industrial structure driven crystal-like enterprise model were built based on the proposed architecture. Market resource allocation patterns and credit valuation influence on the security of the proposed architecture were discussed under the background of big data and Internet of manufacturing things.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Big data,Cloud computing,Fog computing,Internet of manufacturing things,System architecture
Formalization and discrete modelling of communication in the digital age by using graph theory	2019	Handbook of Research on Advanced Applications of Graph Theory in Modern Society	2020, IGI Global.Globalization is an important characteristic of the digital age which is based on the informatization of the society as a social-economical and science-technical process for changing the information environment while keeping the rights of citizens and organizations. The key features of the digital age are knowledge orientation, digital representation, virtual and innovative nature, integration and inter-network interactions, remote access to the information resources, economic and social cohesion, dynamic development, etc. The graph theory is a suitable apparatus for discrete presentation, formalization, and model investigation of the processes in the modern society because each state of a process could be presented as a node in a discrete graph with connections to other states. The chapter discusses application of the graph theory for a discrete formalization of the communication infrastructure and processes for remote access to information and network resources. An extension of the graph theory like apparatus of Petri nets is discussed and some examples for objects investigation are presented.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Bulgaria	1	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	None
Automatic pedicle screw planning using atlas-based registration of anatomy and reference trajectories	2019	Physics in Medicine and Biology	2019 Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine.An algorithm for automatic spinal pedicle screw planning is reported and evaluated in simulation and first clinical studies. A statistical atlas of the lumbar spine (N = 40 members) was constructed for active shape model (ASM) registration of target vertebrae to an unsegmented patient CT. The atlas was augmented to include 'reference' trajectories through the pedicles as defined by a spinal neurosurgeon. Following ASM registration, the trajectories are transformed to the patient CT and accumulated to define a patient-specific screw trajectory, diameter, and length. The algorithm was evaluated in leave-one-out analysis (N = 40 members) and for the first time in a clinical study (N = 5 patients undergoing cone-beam CT (CBCT) guided spine surgery), and in simulated low-dose CBCT images. ASM registration achieved (2.0 + 0.5) mm root-mean-square-error (RMSE) in surface registration in 96% of cases, with outliers owing to limitations in CT image quality (high noise/slice thickness). Trajectory centerlines were conformant to the pedicle in 95% of cases. For all non-breaching trajectories, automatically defined screw diameter and length were similarly conformant to the pedicle and vertebral body (98.7%, Grade A/B). The algorithm performed similarly in CBCT clinical studies (93% centerline and screw conformance) and was consistent at the lowest dose levels tested. Average runtime in planning five-level (lumbar) bilateral screws (ten trajectories) was (312.1 + 104.0) s. The runtime per level for ASM registration was (41.2 + 39.9) s, and the runtime per trajectory was (4.1 + 0.8) s, suggesting a runtime of ∼(45.3 + 39.9) s with a more fully parallelized implementation. The algorithm demonstrated accurate, automatic definition of pedicle screw trajectories, diameter, and length in CT images of the spine without segmentation. The studies support translation to clinical studies in free-hand or robot-assisted spine surgery, quality assurance, and data analytics in which fast trajectory definition is a benefit to workflow.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Radiological and Ultrasound Technology,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	atlas-based registration,automatic planning,image-guided surgery,quality assurance,surgical data science,surgical planning,surgical robotics
Joint production and transportation scheduling in flexible manufacturing systems	2019	Journal of Global Optimization	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This work proposes an integrated formulation for the joint production and transportation scheduling problem in flexible manufacturing environments. In this type of systems, parts (jobs) need to be moved around as the production operations required involve different machines. The transportation of the parts is typically done by a limited number of Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs). Therefore, machine scheduling and AGV scheduling are two interrelated problems that need to be addressed simultaneously. The joint production and transportation scheduling problem is formulated as a novel mixed integer linear programming model. The modeling approach proposed makes use of two sets of chained decisions, one for the machine and another for the AGVs, which are inter-connected through the completion time constraints both for machine operations and transportation tasks. The computational experiments on benchmark problem instances using a commercial software (Gurobi) show the efficiency of the modeling approach in finding optimal solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	3	Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	Flexible manufacturing system,Integrated scheduling,Mixed integer linear programming model
A multiagent framework for learning dynamic traffic management strategies	2019	Autonomous Robots	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.There is strong commercial interest in the use of large scale automated transport robots in industrial settings (e.g. warehouse robots) and we are beginning to see new applications extending these systems into our urban environments in the form of autonomous cars and package delivery drones. This new technology comes with new risks—increasing traffic congestion and concerns over safety; it also comes with new opportunities—massively distributed information and communication systems. In this paper, we present a method that leverages the distributed nature of the autonomous traffic to provide improved traffic throughput while maintaining strict capacity constraints across the network. Our proposed multiagent-based dynamic traffic management strategy borrows concepts from both air traffic control and highway metering lights. We introduce controller agents whose actions are to adjust the robots’ perceived “costs” of traveling across different parts of the traffic network. This approach allows each robot the flexibility of using its own (potentially proprietary) navigation algorithm, while still being bound by the “rules of the road.” The control policies of the agents are defined as neural networks whose weights are learned via cooperative coevolution across the entire traffic management team. Results in a real world road network and a simulated warehouse domain demonstrate that our multiagent traffic management system provides substantial improvements to overall traffic throughput in terms of number of successful trips in a fixed amount of time, as well as faster average traversal times.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	3	Artificial Intelligence	Learning for coordination,Multiagent systems,Traffic management
Novel approach to semi-automated warehouse for manufacturing: Design and simulation	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2019 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The purpose of this paper is to present a novel design of semi-automated warehousing system for manufacturing applications. The approach bases on a new type of storage of carriers, called drawer racks. This concept adopts a modified shelving system based on single or double sections of row racks rotated by 90 degrees. Each drawer rack can move perpendicularly to the transportation corridor. The motion of the rack is possible thanks to the automatically guided vehicle that translates under the line of racks. In the paper, we show a comparison between the designed new system and conventional storage solutions for manufacturing. This indicates that the drawer racks require less space per pallet place without a significant interference with a building infrastructure. In this work, we discuss various design solutions for key components of the drawer-rack and AGV that can operate a rack of 40 pallet places. The designed system was tested if it meets the assumed performance level. The simulation model was created in discrete event system environment. We compared the warehouse layout and material flow for conventional row racks with the newly proposed system. We found out that the new system operates at the higher efficiency but requires less space.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Sliding mode control for position tracking of servo system with a variable loaded DC motor	2019	Elektronika ir Elektrotechnika	2019 Kauno Technologijos Universitetas. All rights reserved.In this paper, the real-time position control of servo system is carried out using sliding mode control (SMC) method based on variable structure control (VSC). As DC Motors are commonly used in many industrial applications and robotics, studies in this paper have are tested on a DC servo system, which is designed and produced by Quanser Inc. Three different types of sliding mode controllers are designed for position control of servo system and, later, performance comparison of DC Motor on Servo system is made. According to results obtained from real-time servo system, it is shown that SMC method is robust against to disturbing effects, variabilities, and uncertainties on the systems. Outstanding part of this paper is that designed controllers are implemented to servo system in real-time with a variable loaded DC Motor. Moreover, this study shows that this control structure can be performed as high performance in the real-time motor control applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	DC motor,Nonlinear control,Position control,Robust control,Servo system,Sliding mode control
RGV Dynamic Scheduling Strategy Based on Network Cellular Automaton and Marko Model	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In an intelligent processing system, if a Rail Guide Vehicle (RGV), also known as automated guide vehicle, is provided with the optimal dynamic scheduling strategy, the work efficiency and economic profit of the workshop can be greatly improved. This paper considers the variable number as well as the types of Computer Number Controller (CNC) and regards the real problem as the Job Shop Scheduling Problem (JSSP). To solve JSSP, this paper use Network Cellular Automaton (NCA) to abstract the flexible workshop system and apply the rule of one-step trial-and-error for the core link between the network cellular automaton and the Markov Transition Probability Matrix. Further this system is simulated using Markov chain in probabilities to expand the solution space with the optimal solution among according to the Monte Carlo experimental principle. Finally, the result can jump out of the local optimal solution and approximate the global optimal dynamic scheduling strategy by trial-and-error rule and Transition Probability Matrix. To verify the NCA-Markov model, this paper use an intelligent flexible workshop which produces two-process materials. By simulating this system with the model, the efficiency of the intelligent processing system can be greatly improved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Simultaneous workload balancing and travel time minimization of automatic guided vehicles	2019	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2019 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper presents the application of a novel modified memetic particle swarm optimization algorithm (MMPSO) for simultaneous workload balancing and travel time minimization of automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) in the flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Three FMS layouts consisting of 5; 7 and 9 work centers are considered respectively for the simultaneous scheduling of AGVs in the FMS layouts. The resulting yield from the MMPSO algorithm is compared with the resulting yield of other implemented methods. From the results, it is observed that the application of the MMPSO algorithm outperforms the other applied algorithms from the literature. It was also observed that by the application of MMPSO algorithm a balanced exploration and exploitation of solutions can be achieved for the simultaneous scheduling of AGVs in the FMS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Simulation based design of Production and Multi echelon supply chain network for job shop manufacturing environment: A Case Study	2019	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2019 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.Purpose- This study aims to design simulation-based production and multi echelon supply chain network of gear job shop manufacturing. Design/Methodology/approach - Network design and development by ARENA Rockwell automation studio 15.1 version. Findings- Study provide solution to low productivity and improper resources utilization within plant. Research/managerial implications - This study lightened the resources effective utilization and improved productivity without changing any routing, planning and operation timings for the existing network. Helps to curb inefficiencies in multi echelon supply chain network of job shop scenario. Utility of Paper - This paper explores the real job manufacturing environment, their implications and shortcomings. Results of this study shows improvement of key parameters which strengthen supply chain efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	ARENA,Job Shop manufacturing,Manufacturing,Modelling,Multi echelon supply chain,Simulation
Scheduling and routing of agvs for large-scale flexible manufacturing systems	2019	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2019 IEEE.In this paper, we propose a new heuristic as well as several improvements to an existing approach based on Benders decomposition for solving the conflict free scheduling and routing of automated guided vehicles (AGVs), with promising results. The existing method solves the problem in two stages; task assignment/sequencing, and feasibility check of the first stage's solution subject to collision-avoidance constraints. The method is not suitable for large-scale AGV systems. We proposed several improvements and speedup strategies that result in fast methods capable of scheduling AGVs in a realistic layout with a graph of several hundred nodes and arcs. This is done by reformulating the mathematical model of the problem. We also introduce a new heuristic based on the improved method that yields high-quality solutions quickly. Moreover, we solve a real large-scale industrial instance by a commercial constraint programming solver and an open-source SMT solver. The results show that both of these general-purpose solvers can effectively solve our proposed models.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
An Improved Genetic Algorithm for Production Scheduling on FMS with Simultaneous Use of Machines and AGVs	2019	Proceedings - 2019 11th International Conference on Intelligent Human-Machine Systems and Cybernetics, IHMSC 2019	2019 IEEE.Modern manufacturing systems are currently implemented Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS), which combine productivity-efficiency of the transportation and high flexibility to react the product changes. Automated guided vehicles (AGV) are usually applied in FMS to finish the transportation tasks. The problems of production scheduling on FMS with simultaneous use of machines and AGVs are the research hotspots. Meta-heuristic algorithms, taking genetic algorithm as example, are proved of the effective approaches to solve these kinds of problem. Many improved genetic algorithms were proposed to find better near-optimum solutions quickly. This paper aimed at obtaining a good production scheduling of manufacturing systems with shared resources that has lower makespan. A novel genetic algorithm was proposed to realize the target. Two experiments were done and compared with other approach to verify the feasibility and effectiveness of the new proposed methodology.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization	AGV scheduling,Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Meta-heuristic methods
Optimal control of a fleet of AGVs on a rectangular grid: A MILP-based approach	2019	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2019 IEEE.Path planning for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) is crucial for transportation efficiency in modern ware-houses. This paper focuses on the problem of simultaneously planning minimum-time paths for a fleet of AGVs on a two-dimensional grid. The dynamics of each AGV is modeled as a double integrator with finite acceleration and limited maximum speed. Since analytic solution of this optimal control problem does not exist, we transform it into a parametric optimization by applying the Zero-Order-Hold (ZOH) control. Due to the continuous AGV dynamics and the nonlinear constraints, the obtained parametric optimization problem belongs to the class of Nonlinear Programming (NLP) problems which are very difficult to solve. In order to circumvent the pitfalls of the NLP-problem formulation, we reformulate this problem as a Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) problem by introducing a necessary number of discrete variables while keeping the control variables continuous. The MILP problem formulation, if feasible, always leads to an optimal solution. The application of MILP optimization problem to path planning of several AGVs is illustrated on an appropriate example.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
An efficient 2-opt operator for the robotic task sequencing problem	2019	2019 IEEE International Conference on Real-Time Computing and Robotics, RCAR 2019	2018 IEEE.Nowadays, automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely used in many real life applications, such as in modern factories and logistics systems. Generally, an AGV is assigned a number of random tasks, and different execution orders of the tasks correspond to different moving distances. Therefore, it is important to determine the task execution order. This problem is known as the robotic task sequencing problem, which could be transformed to an equivalent asymmetric travelling salesman problem (ATSP). In the field of TSP, the 2-opt movements is a basic operator which has been widely used by local-search based heuristics. However, for the ATSP, given an incumbent solution with N tasks, the current best method requires a complexity of O(N3) to evaluate all the O(N2) possible 2-opt based movements, and thus, the computational cost is too expensive, especially for large-scale instances. This paper develops a series of data structures, to reduce the above time complexity from O(N3) to O(N2). Experimental results based on 60 task sets indicate that, the proposed method can significantly improve the efficiency of 2-opt based local search.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
A novel methodology for optimal single mobile robot scheduling using whale optimization algorithm	2019	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2019 Elsevier B.V.One of the fundamental requirements for creating an intelligent manufacturing environment is to develop a reliable, efficient and optimally scheduled material transport system. Besides traditional material transport solutions based on conveyor belts, industrial trucks, or automated guided vehicles, nowadays intelligent mobile robots are becoming widely used to satisfy this requirement. In this paper, the authors analyze a single mobile robot scheduling problem in order to find an optimal way to transport raw materials, goods, and parts within an intelligent manufacturing system. The proposed methodology is based on biologically inspired Whale Optimization Algorithm (WOA)and is aimed to find the optimal solution of the nondeterministic polynomial-hard (NP-hard)scheduling problem. The authors propose a novel mathematical model for the problem and give a mathematical formulation for minimization of seven fitness functions (makespan, robot finishing time, transport time, balanced level of robot utilization, robot waiting time, job waiting time, as well as total robot and job waiting time). This newly developed methodology is extensively experimentally tested on 26 benchmark problems through three experimental studies and compared to five meta-heuristic algorithms including genetic algorithm (GA), simulated annealing (SA), generic and chaotic Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm (PSO and cPSO), and hybrid GA–SA algorithm. Furthermore, the data are analyzed by using the Friedman statistical test to prove that results are statistically significant. Finally, generated scheduling plans are tested by Khepera II mobile robot within a laboratory model of the manufacturing environment. The experimental results show that the proposed methodology provides very competitive results compared to the state-of-art optimization algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	7	Software	Biologically inspired algorithms,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Mobile robot,Scheduling,Whale optimization algorithm
Research on Wireless Power Transfer System of Automated Guided Vehicle Based on Magnetic Coupling Resonance	2019	2019 22nd International Conference on Electrical Machines and Systems, ICEMS 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper researches a wireless power transfer system of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) based on magnetic coupling resonance. Firstly, the mutual inductance equivalent model is given, and the transmission characteristics of the SP resonance compensation network are analyzed, and the relationship between the system voltage gain and the secondary quality factor is also analyzed. Then, according to the principle analysis, the wireless power transfer system in the AGV scene is designed. By properly configuring the resonance parameters, the inverter operates under soft switching conditions with low switching losses. And MATLAB simulation to verify the feasibility of the design parameters. Finally, the whole wireless power transfer system was built for charging 48V lithium battery.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Optimization,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,SP resonance compensation network,wireless charging system
INS/UWB integrated AGV localization employing Kalman filter for indoor LOS/NLOS mixed environment	2019	International Conference on Advanced Mechatronic Systems, ICAMechS	2019 IEEE.Automatic guided vehicle (AGV) is a robot with automatic transportation capability, which is the key equipment to achieve efficient and intelligent logistics. And thus, AGV localization has gradually become a research hotspot in this field, especially in the indoor environment. In this paper, the localization strategy which an inertial navigation system (INS) and ultra wide band (UWB) integrated is proposed. Based on the INS/UWB integrated model, an interactive multiple model (IMM) algorithm is proposed to reduce the impact of positioning in line-of-sight (LOS) and non-line-of-sight (NLOS) states. To the UWB localization system, we set up two Kalman filters (KF) in LOS/NLOS states according to different distance error characteristics, then, the Markov chain is used to transform the state of the two models. The weighted fusion of the filtering results is employed to provide the distance estimation. In the integrated localization stage, the final position estimation of the integrated localization is computed by the difference between the UWB solution and the INS solution. Test experiments show that the IMM-based UWB localization approach can reduce the influence of LOS/NLOS environment on positioning accuracy, and the INS/UWB integrated localization can achieve accurate position information.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,inertial navigation system,interactive multiple model,line-of-sight,non-Tine-of-sight,ultra wide band.
Simultaneously determining target object and transport velocity for manipulator and moving vehicle in piece-picking operation	2019	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2019 IEEE.We propose a deep learning-based method that simultaneously determines a target object to be picked up by an autonomous manipulator and the velocity of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) that passes in front of the manipulator while the AGV carries a carton case containing the target and other objects. Our method can efficiently perform automated piece-picking operations in warehouses without the AGV needing to pause in front of the manipulator. In our method, for preparing supervised data sets with color images of objects that are randomly piled up in the carton case, a simulator checks whether each object is 'pickable' or not by trying to plan the manipulator's motion to have its hand reach the object while avoiding surrounding obstacles by using the depth images in consideration of the carton case's movement and velocity. Then, we make each of multiple deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) corresponding to multiple levels of velocity learn to detect grasp points for only pickable objects from an RGB image. In our experimental test, using our method, a prototype of the system successfully picked ordered objects up without the AGV pausing while the AGV changed its velocity depending on the layout of the objects in the carton case.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Modular on-road AGV wireless charging systems via interoperable power adjustment	2019	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	2018 IEEE.This paper proposes a modular on-road wireless power transfer system with interoperable power adjustment mechanism. The paper is anticipated to enhance the capability of on-road charging during the movement of automated guided vehicles (AGV), by which the traveling mileage is increased, while the battery volume is decreased. The system design includes an interoperable power adjustment technique based on the detected impedance, and the moving position of AGV can be, hence, comprehended so as to facilitate the adjustment of the output power from each transmission module in a more flexible way. Through the investigation of on-road charging efficiency, all of coil magnetic analysis, misalignment charging evaluation, system stress simulation, and resonant characteristics investigation are performed. Experimental results gained from software simulation and hardware realization are beneficial for AGV charging applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),power adjustment,wireless power transfer (WPT)
Design of a Low Power Consumption Control System of Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motor for Automated Guided Vehicle	2019	2019 22nd International Conference on Electrical Machines and Systems, ICEMS 2019	2019 IEEE.Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motor (PMSM) is widely used in industrial control fields such as numerical control machine tools and transfer robots due to its excellent speed regulation performance. As a typical representative of transfer robots, Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) has attracted extensive attention and research. PMSM control system for AGV is specified on many aspects, such as small size, high power density and low power consumption. In this paper, the control system of PMSM for AGV is studied, including the design of hardware circuit and software control algorithm. STM32's abundant on-chip resources are fully utilized and Intelligent control strategies such as space vector pulse width modulation and fuzzy PID control are adopted to control the system in real time. By experimental test and results analysis, the control system designed in this paper shows good dynamic performance and low power consumption.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,fuzzy PID control,high power density,low power consumption,PMSM
A Traffic Control Strategy of the Heavy-duty AGVS in a Square Topology	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2019	2019 IEEE.With the development of intelligent efficient flexible production system, the requirements for AGV system are becoming higher and higher, especially for heavy equipment logistics workshop and safe sustainable non-conflict work of heavy-duty AGV in production workshop, which are all hot research topics at present. Therefore, a new method is proposed to solve the problem of stability and smooth operation with bidirectional lane in this paper. The method is based on the design of square topology, chains of path planning reservations and dynamic task priority of the logistics workshop, which effectively utilizes environmental resource of the workshop to avoid the collision and to solve deadlocks. To accommodate more complicated situations, different types of the collision and deadlocks are tested. Finally, simulations showed the effect of traffic strategy. This method can be used as reference for the establishment of square workshop structure and a large number of AGV traffic systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Signal Processing,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Conflict,Deadlock,Dynamic task priority,Square topological map,Traffic strategy
Research on omnidirectional mobile robot motion control based on integration of traction and steering wheel	2019	2019 IEEE International Conference on Real-Time Computing and Robotics, RCAR 2019	2019 IEEE.In order to solve the automatic transportation of heavy materials under the limited working space of production workshops and warehouses, two sets of heavy-duty omnidirectional mobile robot motion control systems with steering wheel drive units were designed. The steering wheel combination drive unit of the 'walking + steering' set is used to build the mobile robot chassis, and the mechatronics servo system and mathematical model of multi-motor coordinated motion are constructed. The communication between the controller and the steering wheel combination drive unit is established through the CAN bus. The specific implementation is to capture and analyze the control signal through the controller to obtain the desired motion mode, to obtain the motion of each set of steering wheel unit through the mathematical model, and to realize the desired motion through the synthesis of each set of steering wheel unit motion. It has been verified by experiments that the two sets of steering wheel unit-driven mobile robot control system realizes the zero turning radius, 360-degree omnidirectional movement of the robot and rotation during the movement. It can be used for flexible work in tight spaces.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
Fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis applied to the design of a network flow of automated guided vehicles for improving business productivity	2019	Journal of Business Research	2019 Elsevier Inc.Designing efficient warehouse management systems is essential to improve business performance. The use of autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) in logistic processes and material handling systems (MHS) improves productivity and reduces costs. However, determining the appropriateness and financial feasibility of acquiring a fleet of AGVs, together with the definition of their path layout, routing schemes, operation tasks, and network flow, becomes a complex problem when designing flexible manufacturing systems (FMS). This study aids the design of a fleet of AGVs by means of a fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA), which makes it possible to measure the level of satisfaction of managerial decision makers. It enables us to identify a combination of factors that lead to stakeholders' satisfaction while dealing with uncertain environments due to the heterogeneous nature of decision makers and factors. Our methodology has been applied to multi-criteria decision-making analysis, resulting in greater transparency, fairness, social equity, and consensus among stakeholders.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	1	Marketing	Autonomous guided vehicles,Conflict of interest,Decision-making,Fuzzy sets,Material handling systems,Qualitative comparative analysis
Relative Vehicle Displacement Approach for Path Tracking Adaptive Controller with Multisampling Data Transmission	2019	IEEE Transactions on Emerging Topics in Computational Intelligence	2017 IEEE.This paper proposes a cyber-physical framework for vision-based automated vehicle path tracking. The framework has been developed in two parts: first, an intelligent relative vehicle displacement approach with an adaptive neural network controller; and second, multisampling data transmission architecture for any sensor-controller-actuator network. Uncertainties due to illumination effects, occlusion, and obscure images affect system performance drastically. The proposed relative vehicle displacement approach takes care of these uncertainties. The adaptive neural network controller generates precise control actions for stabilizing the system in minimum time. A reliable and robust data transmission architecture is of utmost importance for any Internet of Things application. Successful data transmission depends on several parameters, such as delay, communication channel behavior, and packet loss. A novel multisampling data transmission architecture addressing these issues has been proposed in this paper. Various cases of data transmission have been demonstrated on the time critical application of vision-based tracking by an automated guided vehicle. The results of real-time path tracking operation have been duly compared with other control techniques and data transmission architecture. The experimental results show the efficiency of the proposed system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computational Mathematics,Control and Optimization	adaptive controller,cyber-physical system,Internet of Things,packet loss,relative vehicle displacement,round trip time delay
Supply chain 4.0: Autonomous vehicles and equipment to meet demand	2019	International Journal of Supply Chain Management	ExcelingTech Pub, UK.The term Supply chain 4.0 refers to the application of industry 4.0 technologies to the supply chain, aiming to plan with greater efficiency and better to meet the demand. Considering this reality, the study aims to verify which equipment and vehicles are being applied and which one presents the best benefits to each stage of the supply chain demand. To define the vehicles and equipment to be analyzed, were presented a supply chain process model, divided among industry, warehouses and customer. Thus, each ones were characterized and the best equipment could be adopted more precisely. The vehicles and equipment were analyzed, considering as the main aspects the maintenance cost, security, operation, product handling, delivery time and sustainability. The results show that the main vehicles to be applied are automated guided vehicles, autonomous trains and drones, each one being applied in different processes of the supply chain.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	2	Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	Autonomous equipment,Autonomous vehicles,Industry 4.0,Supply chain,Supply chain 4.0,Supply Chain Processes
Improved JPS Algorithm Using New Jump Point for Path Planning of Mobile Robot	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2019	2019 IEEE.In view of the discussion of robot collision in complex environment due to control or positioning error and robot size, this paper presents a jump point search algorithm with safe distance(SD-JPS) for path planning. Based on the fast jump point search method, a new definition of the jump point and a node domain matrix are proposed to improve the JPS algorithm. The SD-JPS algorithm can select the any size of the node domain matrix to obtain the safe distance between the robot and the obstacle, and improve the flexibility of the robot movement. In addition, the different effects of SD-JPS and A{} algorithm on the number of search nodes, planed routes and planning time are also studied. Simulation results show that the improved JPS algorithm can obtain different safety distances and plan the optimal path with shorter time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Signal Processing,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	JPS Algorithm Jump Point,Node Domain Matrix,Path Planning
A trial robotic wheel unit for mobile platform	2019	2019 IEEE International Conference on Real-Time Computing and Robotics, RCAR 2019	2018 IEEE.The rolling wheel is a general, simple but important component for mobile platform that makes the unlimited motion possible. The structure with servo motor, gear-box and encoder is a typical combination for wheel driving mechanism. However, it is difficult to get a compact aspect due to the coaxial installation. As a substitute, the low cost hub motor is also widely used but with some inherent disadvantages. In this paper, we first analyze the layout of general mobile platform chassis and characteristics of ordinary motor-gear-box drive and hub motor drive. Then, we introduce a compact driving wheel mechanism including hub motor, gear-box, and encoder, etc., also give a discussion on its working principle and advantages based on the development of a trial unit.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
A Study on Slippage and Tip-over Stability for an Omnidirectional Mobile Robot with Longitudinal MY-wheels	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper presents an omnidirectional mobile robot (OMR) with longitudinal MY-wheels, and because of the switching effect of the contact radius which is the distance between the robot center and the contact point with the ground, the real model of this OMR is a discontinuous model. In order to study the influence of different approximate continuous models on the performance of the OMR, a parameterized model based on the cycloidal curve is established. A solving method of the reaction force from the ground using the movement state of the OMR is proposed, and with the solved reaction force and the force-angle stability measurement (FASM) the slippage and tip-over stability of the OMR can be evaluated. Finally, the simulation is performed, and the influence of different models on the slippage and tip-over stability of the OMR is analyzed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Signal Processing,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	MY-wheels,Omnidirectional mobile robot,Stability
An MPC scheme for traffic coordination in open and irreversible, zone-controlled, guidepath-based transport systems	2019	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2019 IEEE.Zone-controlled, guidepath-based transport systems is a modeling abstraction that has been used extensively for the modeling of the safe interaction of a number of agents that circulate in a constricted medium. The traffic scheduling problem in these transport systems is very hard, and in some past work of ours we have proposed a Model Predictive Control (MPC) scheme for simplifying this problem. The detailed implementation of this MPC scheme depends on certain structural and operational properties of the underlying transport system. In this work, we detail the aforementioned MPC scheme for a sub-class of zone-controlled, guidepath-based transport systems that are characterized as 'open and irreversible the presented results leverage some similar developments of ours for the sub-class of 'open and reversible' zone-controlled, guidepath-based transport systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock avoidance,Discrete event systems,Guidepath-based traffic systems,Model predictive control,Traffic live-ness enforcement
An innovative hardware bridging between education and industry	2019	14th International Conference on Computer Science and Education, ICCSE 2019	2019 IEEE.Together with the significant leap in technologies, the interference among them make our lives more plentiful. Only a lone major could not last in current era. Instead of that, multidisciplinary approach becomes a novel trend in industrial evolution. In this paper, the collaboration in various fields in one platform is introduced as successful multidisciplinary model. All fields of study profit from this shared hardware, such as cost saving, obsessive partnership, municipal culture or communication. In addition, students are enhanced in their behaviors, for example community awareness, discipline knowledge or entrepreneunal mindset.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Education	Community design,Human-centered design,Multidisciplinary,Robotics
Mobile ZigBee Network in a High RF Interference Environment	2019	2019 International Conference on Sensing and Instrumentation in IoT Era, ISSI 2019	2019 IEEE.Recently., computer technologies have begun to be used for automation of container port terminals. The integration of these technologies aims to make more efficient the use of port logistics and an accurately scheduling of the loading / unloading of the container operations. These ports use Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) to transport containers within the port terminal. At this point they are coordinated by a central server throughout the Wi-Fi network., and they do not directly exchange data between them. Furthermore., wireless communication with these AGVs can be influenced by the RF interference generated by the massive metallic structures from a port terminal. This paper discusses the possibility to use a ZigBee network to enable communication between AGVs. It is analyzed the operation of ZigBee communication in an environment with many RF interferences such as a container port where there are massive metallic structures such as cranes, containers and other specific RF interferences.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Instrumentation	automated port,Internet of Things,VANET,ZigBee
Scalable control system for dense transfer vehicles in flexible manufacturing	2019	CCTA 2019 - 3rd IEEE Conference on Control Technology and Applications	2019 IEEE.We propose a method for scalable transfer control of dense transfer vehicles with dynamic platooning to improve the end-to-end throughput of an entire factory in a flexible manufacturing system. Since transfer tasks are created based on unpredictably fluctuating stock levels in a flexible manufacturing system, the transfer vehicles have unpredictable arrival time at intersections. Thus it is difficult to optimize schedules to prevent congestion of transfer vehicles at intersections. In addition, transfer routes may have multiple intersections within a short distance where influence from congestion at neighboring intersections is not ignorable for platooning. To solve these issues, the proposed method synthesizes transfer tasks to suppress overconcentration of the transfer vehicles in a particular area so that the transfer vehicles can form platoons to pass through without stopping at all the intersections on the transfer routes. Through numerical experiment, we find that the throughput for the proposed method is significantly larger than that for the industry standard best practice and the proposed method is more scalable in the number of transfer vehicles and more tolerant of large input loads.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	None
A hybrid stepper motor control solution based on a low-cost position sensor	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2019	2019 IEEE.A position control solution for hybrid stepper motor is presented with a low-cost Magnetic Rotary Position Sensor. A harmonic compensation method based on linear regression algorithm is shown to improve the performance of the low-cost position sensor. A sensor fusion algorithm based on Extended Kalman Filter is evaluated to further eliminate the signal error. In the sensor fusion process, a position signal calculated from back-emf measurements is fused with position signal from the low-cost position sensor and the result is discussed on practical purpose. For the position control, the control strategy is based on vector control. PID controllers are involved in both current and position control loops. Additional speed and acceleration terms are taken into account to form the position controller. An experimental test are run with a motor trajectory from an industrial implementation in the end and positive results prove the feasibility of this low-cost solution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	1	Signal Processing,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Extended Kalman Filter(EKF),Harmonic compensation,Hybrid stepper motor(HSM).,Linear regression,Magnetic Rotary Position Sensor(MRPS),Sensor fusion,Signal processing,Vector control
Multi-sensor fusion localization of indoor mobile robot	2019	2019 IEEE International Conference on Real-Time Computing and Robotics, RCAR 2019	2018 IEEE.Localization is critical for map building in visual SLAM (Simultaneous Localization and Map). Currently, accurate localization systems, such as Motion Capture, are expensive and, as many of them, not easy for re-configuration, a property essential for field robot test. This paper proposes a camera-odometry fusion method, which bases on a camera-marker system of low-cost and easy for re-configuration. The technology is based on odometers by combining two different sensor modules and PES using EKF (Extended Kalman Filter). A critical problem of EKF is the unknown PES (Position Estiamte System) variance, which is always set as a constant in previous works. In this paper, we solve this problem by using PES marker-pair, instead of a solo marker, to directly estimate the variance of PES localization. Experimental results in indoor environment demonstrate that the proposed approach substantially improves the localization accuracy of SLAM compared with PES only and odometry only. The position error is found to be less than 40 mm of our system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
A map accessibility analysis algorithm for mobile robot navigation in outdoor environment	2019	2019 IEEE International Conference on Real-Time Computing and Robotics, RCAR 2019	2018 IEEEAutonomous mobile robots have been widely used to perform specific tasks in recent decades. Map accessibility analysis is necessary for those robots to achieve safe and efficient path planning and navigation, especially in outdoor environment where the terrain can be uneven. Researchers have done sufficient works on the influences of different factors. However, integrating these factors is still a great challenge since the information of some constraints are only needed for specific robot tasks. In this paper, we firstly build a Three Dimensional (3D) Occupancy Grid Map (OctoMap) using a 3D Lidar and encoder-based odometer, and then extract different factors from the OctoMap and real-time lidar data. In order to analyze the relationship between map accessibility and variety of constraints, we design an open system and propose a map accessibility analysis algorithm to integrate different factors which have influence on mobile robot navigation. The system and algorithm are demonstrated to be efficient via experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization	None
Robust unknown input observer design for simultaneous actuator and sensor faults	2019	2019 24th International Conference on Methods and Models in Automation and Robotics, MMAR 2019	2019 IEEE.The paper deals with the problem of simultaneous estimation of the state as well as the sensor and actuator faults. The proposed approach is developed in such a way that it allows decoupling the actuator faults from the state. In a similar fashion, the sensor fault is derived directly from the output. Moreover, the quadratic boundedness approach is utilised for guaranteeing the robust stability of the observer. It supposes that the uncertainty are limited within an ellipsoidal set. The final part of the paper shows the illustrative example with the implementation to the laboratory multi-tank system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	Actuator and sensor fault estimation,Fault diagnosis,Multiple faults,Robust observer
Analysis of the Mecanum wheel arrangement of an omnidirectional vehicle	2019	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part C: Journal of Mechanical Engineering Science	IMechE 2019.Mecanum wheels are widely used in omnidirectional vehicles, but their arrangements are usually arbitrarily selected. We find that the arrangement of Mecanum wheels influences the performance of an omnidirectional vehicle. The two most used arrangement modes, Type-X and Type-O, are studied. The inverse velocity Jacobian matrix of the arrangement judges whether a vehicle can fulfill omnidirectional movement. The eigenvalues of the inverse velocity Jacobian matrix and global stiffness index are proposed to evaluate the stability and dexterity of different arrangement modes. The theoretical results show that the Type-X vehicle has a larger stiffness and global stiffness index than the Type-O vehicle, which ensures that the Type-X vehicle moves more precisely and stably than the Type-O vehicle. Four types of movements (straight, sideways, diagonal, and revolving) are tested for both arrangements. The experiments show that the actual running tracks of Type-X follow the ideal running tracks well, while the performance of Type-O is much worse. Moreover, an external force is subjected to both arrangements. The results illustrate that the behavior of the Type-X vehicle is more stable than that of Type-O.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Mechanical Engineering	arrangement,Mecanum wheel,Omnidirectional vehicle,stiffness and dexterity
Mixed Integer Programming Formulations for Single Row Facility Layout Problems with Asymmetric Material Flow and Corridor Width	2019	Arabian Journal for Science and Engineering	2019, King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals.In both the research and industry studies, mixed integer programming (MIP) is often the default method for solving facility layout problems. While MIP models for the single row layout problem have existed since the 1970s, comprehensive computational research has not been performed since then. In this paper, four different MIP models for the single row facility layout problem with simultaneous asymmetric material flow and corridor width (dubbed SRFLP_AC) are developed based on the decision variable paradigm. We present the computational results and discuss the model efficacy in terms of solution quality and computational budget. Moreover, the performance of two disjunctive models, MIP1 and MIP2, with indicator constraints is also analyzed. Finally, we analyze the effect of the symmetry-breaking constraint and different non-overlapping constraints on the most promising model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	Disjunctive constraints,Mixed integer programming (MIP),Single row facility layout problem,Symmetry-breaking constraint
Impact of evolving technology on collaborative energy access scaling	2019	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	2019 Elsevier LtdWorldwide, more than a billion rural dwellers live without electricity. Billions more endure awfully intermittent service even when connected to the grid. Most of these access challenged communities are in the Global South and may benefit from surging spread of distributed energy resources. However, associated investment necessity is large and so is the time required to address infrastructural bottlenecks. Recognising criticality of universal access to affordable, eco-friendly and reliable electricity in inclusive human development, the United Nations adopted ‘affordable and clean energy’ as one of the Sustainable Development Goals. To treasure electricity access, measurement of the same is important. The evolution of electricity access measurement has given rise to multi-tier, multi-parameter matrix. This improved measurement framework has facilitated researchers and policymakers in capturing various electricity access parameters in order to script focused energy strategy for the common man. This paper studies electricity availability, consumer aspiration and prevailing consumption in an impoverished, isolated, high-altitude valley, nestled in the Himalayas in India. It outlines evolving technology-aided, access measurement supported innovative access tier advancement opportunities in the valley. The result underscores the importance of consumer-focused approach for improving infrastructure utilisation. Consumer collaboration may result in fast, economical access advancement. Supply reliability may transform from abrupt complete disruption to gradual, cognisant decay. Such transition may encourage consumers to avoid costly, individual backup and instead use available resources sensibly. Embedding aspiration-supporting nudge in electricity regulation may promote co-operation, helping empowered consumers in scaling access tier affordably.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment	Consumer aspiration,Consumption collaboration,Global south,Metering,Nudge
Automated sortation conveyors: A survey from an operational research perspective	2019	European Journal of Operational Research	2018 Elsevier B.V.Global trends such as just-in-time, containerization, and e-commerce have led to an ever increasing freight volume to be transported under tight delivery schedules. Many supply chains, thus, apply fully-automated sorting systems as one basic component of their distribution processes. Examples range from baggage handling in airports, over parcels sorted by tilt tray conveyors in distribution centers of the postal service industry, up to batches of picking orders isolated in the warehouses of e-commerce retailers. This paper surveys the scientific literature on all kinds of fully-automated conveyor-based sorting systems from an operational research perspective. We describe the wide range of applications and their different sorting systems, define their joint decision problems to be solved when designing and operating a sorter, review the literature, and identify future research challenges.	Journal	j	re	Review	Germany	8	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Automation,Logistics,Sortation systems,Survey
Integrated scheduling of handling operations in railway container terminals	2019	Transportation Letters	2017,  2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The railway handling area of the railway container terminal is the main place for container sea–rail transportation. To enhance the efficiency of the handling systems and improve the coordination of different types of equipment in railway handling area, an integrated scheduling model is developed, which integrates the scheduling of rail-mounted gantry cranes (GCs), inner trucks (ITs), and yard cranes (YCs). This model considers not only train loading and unloading simultaneously, but GC interference and safety margin, GC and YC travel time as well as buffer area. A multi-layer genetic algorithm (MLGA) is proposed to solve the problem. Eventually, comparison experiments are conducted, including the experiments on handling process between non-optimization and optimization, MLGA with and without the balanced operator and the performance of different numbers of ITs. These experiments validate that the model and algorithm is feasible and efficient in both equipment scheduling and allocation problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Transportation	handling operation,integrated scheduling,Integrated transportation,multi-layer genetic algorithm,railway handling area
Research on AGV Transportation Vehicle Based on PLC	2019	IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.To improve the workshop production efficiency and degree of automation, a PLC based magnetic guided AGV (automated guided vehicle) transport trolley was designed. Taking PLC as the control core and the inductance as the path detection sensor, hardware and software are developed. The inductance signal is amplified by the operational amplifier LM358, and the design of the AGV transport vehicle is completed according to the control and process requirements of the AGV system. Use Solidworks modeling the AGV, and simulate the actual path of motion simulation. Use CodeSys of the PLC programming and Realization of motion control, and on the scene of the input and output panel monitoring and simulation test. The test results show that the system has characteristics of simple operation, stable operation, reliable operation, etc., and can meet the design requirements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Environmental Science (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
Road detection for supporting autonomous guided electric vehicle robot	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.Road detection is a vital part in autonomous guided vehicle or robot. In this paper, we describe a road detection method for urban area. The challenge of road detection in urban area is some part of the roads are covered by vehicles. To solve that problem, we propose a method that consists of 3 main steps. First is an image capturing to takes digital image. Second is pre-processing that consists of prediction and cutting road area in an image, and the last is line detection and road labeling. The method has good performance and its has evaluated by using precision, recall and accuracy. That result have been presented in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Color-space,Line detection,Road detection
Ergonomics-based working flexibility for automated guided vehicle (AGV) operators	2019	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2019, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.This research work focuses on the human working flexibility in a computer-integrated manufacturing (CIM) environment. For experimental investigations, younger male operators from age group 19–24 years were interfaced with a component of CIM, the automated guided vehicle (AGV). A novel concept of load cell–based human performance recording system is introduced through this work. This is an almost first study in the field of CIM system interface utilizing the integration of load cell with LabVIEW program to determine cognition and motor actions based human performances. The concerned measurement system designed through this research can be utilized in other areas of control panel systems and also for recording and monitoring of human beings with symptoms of Alzheimer disease. For the purpose of investigations, search, select, and motor action times and the applied force were selected as parameters to determine human performance in AGV system environment. For operator performance data gathering, a full-factorial design containing 27 (33) experiments was applied. The Gray relational analysis and analysis of variance (ANOVA) were used to analyze the gathered data. Design-Expert software was used to conduct ANOVA. Also, the experimental investigations were validated through a confirmation test. This work generates the ergonomic database for working flexibility in CIM and explored that the younger male operator’s (19–24 years) performance significantly affected with varying AGV height, an operator working distance and AGV panel angle.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Applied force,CIM-environment,Load cell,Motor action time,Search time,Select time,Working flexibility
Data-driven smart production line and its common factors	2019	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2019, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.Due to the wide usage of digital devices and easy access to the edge items in manufacturing industry, massive industrial data is generated and collected. A data-driven smart production line (SPL), which is a basic cell in a smart factory, is derived primarily. This paper studies the data-driven SPL and its common factors. Firstly, common factors such as integration, data-driven, service collaboration, and proactive service of SPL are investigated. Then, a data-driven method including data self-perception, data understanding, decision-making, and precise control for implementing SPL is proposed. As a reference, the research of the common factors and the data-driven method could offer a systematic standard for both academia and industry. Moreover, in order to validate this method, this paper presents an industrial case by taking an energy consumption forecast and fault diagnosis based on energy consumption data in a prototype of LED epoxy molding compound (EMC) production lines for example.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Common factors,Data-driven,Energy consumption,Integration,Smart production line (SPL)
Common Sensors in Industrial Robots: A Review	2019	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The application of industrial robots has greatly promoted the development of industry in the past decades. Now with the proposal and prevalence of Industry 4.0, industrial robots are required to be more independent and intelligent to accomplish more complex and flexible tasks. The advancement of industrial robots relies on the development and progress of multiple technologies, among which sensors are the indispensable part. They can acquire abundant information to help industrial robots implement their functions. This paper reviews the recent literatures and gives a summary and introduction of the commonly used sensors in industrial robots. Additionally, the applications of these sensors in diverse functions of industrial robots are also presented. Finally, the developing direction and challenges of industrial robots in the future are discussed in the last part of this article.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Ant colony algorithm improvement of AGV path based on soft time window for waste tobacco recovery	2019	AIP Conference Proceedings	2019 Author(s).According to the site layout of cigarette industry and the requirement of AGV soft time window for waste tobacco recycling, the change of demand for waste tobacco recycling based on soft time window ant colony algorithm is proposed. The method is based on the waste smoke recovery centered on the unit station, Considering the influence of the actual production rhythm of complex Workshop on the recovery demand time, the membership function of the time when AGV arrives at the waste smoke recovery station is used to characterize the satisfaction of the unit station to the timeliness of the waste smoke recovery business. Therefore, with the average satisfaction of AGV arrival time as the constraint condition and the minimum cost of recycling time as the objective, an optimization model of smoke recycling path with fuzzy soft time window is established, and the model is solved by ant colony algorithm. The validity and robustness of the path optimization model are verified by an example.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Adaptive large neighborhood search for scheduling of mobile robots	2019	GECCO 2019 - Proceedings of the 2019 Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.Our work addresses the scheduling of mobile robots for transportation and processing of operations on machines in a flexible manufacturing system. Both mobile robots and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) can transport components among machines in the working space. Nevertheless, the difference is that mobile robots considered in this work can process specific value-added operations, which is not possible for AGVs. This new feature increases complexity as well as computational demands. To summarize, we need to compute a sequence of operations on machines, the robot assignments for transportation, and the robot assignments for processing. The main contribution is the proposal of an adaptive large neighborhood search algorithm with the sets of exploration and exploitation heuristics to solve the problem considering makespan minimization. Experimental evaluation is presented on the existing benchmarks. The quality of our solutions is compared to a heuristic based on genetic algorithm and mixed-integer programming proposed recently. The comparison shows that our approach can achieve comparable results in real time which is in order of magnitude faster than the earlier heuristic.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Computational Mathematics	Adaptive Large Neighborhood Search,Flexible Manufacturing Systems,Mobile robots,Scheduling
Supply chain sustainability: A tertiary literature review	2019	Journal of Cleaner Production	2019 Elsevier LtdOver the last 30 years, supply chain sustainability has become one of the most dynamic and prolific decision management research fields. The volume of primary and secondary research articles continues to increase yearly with the introduction of emerging topics, new modeling and theoretical approaches, and multidisciplinary perspectives. Motivated by this body of literature, this study reviews key supply chain management concepts, sustainability perspectives, and methodological literature review features to support the systematic review of 198 surveys published between 1995 and 2018. The objective is to answer three research questions: which are the existent literature reviews on supply chain sustainability, what are their methodological features, and what are their main objectives and subject matters. Following a content analysis, the study maps and assesses the source material according to analytic categories pertaining to methodological and content features. The study shows that systematic literature reviews are becoming the standard method to conduct literature reviews on sustainable supply chain. However, frequently reviews fall short of meeting, and reporting the methodological rigor required by the systematic method. Although most reviews identified adopt a triple bottom line outlook on sustainability, social aspects continue to be underrepresented, namely in comparison with the environmental factor. This tertiary study renders a comprehensive critical survey of the current status of research on supply chain sustainability.	Journal	j	re	Review	Portugal	23	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Content analysis,Supply chain management,Sustainability,Systematic literature review,Tertiary study
Reinforcement learning for data cleaning and data preparation	2019	Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.Data cleaning and data preparation have been long-standing challenges in data science to avoid incorrect results, biases, and misleading conclusions obtained from "dirty" data. For a given dataset and a given analytics task, a plethora of data preprocessing techniques and alternative data cleaning strategies are available, but they may lead to dramatically different outputs with unequal ML model quality performances. For adequate data preparation, the users generally do not know how to start or which methods to use. Most current work focus either on proposing new data cleaning algorithms -often specific to certain types of data glitches considered in isolation and generally with no "pipeline vision" of the whole data preprocessing sequence- or on developing automated machine learning approaches (AutoML) that can optimize the hyper-parameters of the given ML model but that often rely on by-default preprocessing methods. We argue that more efforts should be devoted to proposing a principled data preparation approach to help and learn from the users for selecting the optimal sequence of data curation tasks and obtain the best quality performance of the final result. In this abstract, we present Learn2Clean1, a method based on Q-Learning, a model-free reinforcement learning technique that selects, for a given dataset, a given ML model, and a quality performance metric, the optimal sequence of tasks for preprocessing the data such that the quality metric is maximized. Learn2Clean has been presented in The Web Conf 2019 [1] and we will discuss Learn2Clean enhancements for semi-automated data preparation guided by the user.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Software,Information Systems	None
OPaPi: Optimized parts pick-up routing for efficient manufacturing	2019	Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.Manufacturing environments require changes in work procedures and settings based on changes in product demand affecting the types of products for production. Resource re-organization and time needed for worker adaptation to such frequent changes can be expensive. For example, for each change, managers in a factory may be required to manually create a list of inventory items to be picked up by workers. Uncertainty in predicting the appropriate pick-up time due to differences in worker-determined routes may make it difficult for managers to generate a fixed schedule for delivery to the assembly line. To address these problems, we propose OPaPi, a human-centric system that improves the efficiency of manufacturing by optimizing parts pick-up routes and scheduling. OPaPi leverages frequent pattern mining and the traveling salesman problem solver to suggest rack placement for more efficient routes. The system further employs interactive visualization to incorporate an expert's domain knowledge and different manufacturing constraints for real-time adaptive decision making.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software,Information Systems	Dynamic scheduling,Frequent pattern mining,Interactive visualization,Inventory management,Itemset mining,Manufacturing,Re-routing,Traveling salesman problem (TSP)
Storage assignment policy and route planning of agvs in warehouse optimization	2019	Proceedings of 2019 International Conference on System Science and Engineering, ICSSE 2019	2019 IEEE.Warehousing plays an important role in logistics and supply chain. Its operating cost accounts for over 20% of the total cost of an organization, which leads to the need for warehouse optimization to reduce cost and increase profit. Automated guided vehicle systems (AGVS) have been used to transport materials, products, and goods in order to raise efficiency and throughput. Warehouse optimization includes minimizing vehicle's travel time, avoiding traffic congestions and deadlocks, solving storage assignment problem, etc. This paper discusses storage assignment strategies and route planning of AGVS in warehouse operation. We will derive the method to find the storage location and the optimal route for vehicles to travel in a traditional rectangular 2-block layout warehouse. Simulated results show the implementations of the algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management	automated guided vehicle system,collision avoidance,route planning,storage assignment,traffic control,warehouse optimization
MPC-based Unified Trajectory Planning and Tracking Control Approach for Automated Guided Vehicles∗	2019	IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA	2019 IEEE.Autonomous navigation of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in manufacturing environment is an important part of industrial automation. This paper presents an MPC-based unified trajectory planning and tracking control approach for AGVs. Based on the model of the AGV, improved path planning and reference velocity planning techniques are developed. Then a model predictive controller is designed to track the generated trajectory. In addition, obstacle avoidance capability is also incorporated in the navigation framework. To evaluate the proposed method, simulations and experiments are conducted. The results show that the AGV can achieve high trajectory tracking accuracy with smooth movement.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Improved A∗ Multi-AGV path planning algorithm based on grid-shaped network	2019	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2019 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.In this paper, a kind of two-dimensional coded mark is designed to guarantee that the multi-AGV could locate and execute motion commands in a grid-shaped path network. Then, according to the multi-AGV grid-shaped path network, an improved mathrm {A} path planning method is proposed. Finally, the path planning and collision avoidance of multi-AGV in the grid-shaped network is realized, and the effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated by numerical simulation experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	A,Algorithm,Automatic guided vehicle,Grid-shaped network,Path planning,Two-dimensional coded mark
A Parts-Feeding Method Based on Improved Genetic Algorithm	2019	9th IEEE International Conference on Cyber Technology in Automation, Control and Intelligent Systems, CYBER 2019	2019 IEEE.The Assembly Line Part Feeding Problem is a complex combinatorial optimization problem concerned with the delivery of the required parts to the assembly workstations in the right quantities at the right time by automated guided vehicle (AGV). This paper proposes an improved genetic algorithm which is hierarchical coded to tackle it. Inspired by the harmfulness of inbreeding, we use fuzzy clustering to divide the population into different 'families' and design a fuzzy logic controller which is based on human experience and real-time characteristics of the population to dynamically change the number of the 'families'. An evolutionary strategy of restricting the intersection of similar individuals is subsequently proposed to improve the population quality and diversity. Simulation analysis and computational result verified the feasibility, superiority and universality of the proposed structure and strategy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Fuzzy Clustering,Fuzzy logic,Genetic Algorithm,Parts Feeding
Intelligent manufacturing digital workshop layout optimization with automated guided vehicle consideration 集成自动导引车路径规划的智能制造数字化车间设备布局优化方法	2019	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2019, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.Intelligent manufacturing digital workshop has the characteristics of high integration of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) and processing equipment. For the traditional way of intelligent manufacturing digital workshop layout and AGV path planning optimized independently, which made the materials over-concentrated in a certain area, and leaded to heavy workload of AGV in the region for affecting the result of AGV path planning, an integrated optimization model of intelligent manufacturing digital workshop layout and AGV path planning aimed at minimizing logistics transportation amounts, material transport time and number of AGV was proposed. To solve the model, an improved fast elitist Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm (NSGA-Ⅱ) was designed. To make the initial population distribution more extensive and to avoid falling into local optimum, the system layout planning was used to generate some initial population. To improve the optimization speed and accuracy of algorithm, the unequal double-link chromosome and vaccination strategy were introduced. Afterwards, a set of Pareto solution sets was obtained, which could be optimized by decision-makers. The effective of the integration model was validated by the case study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle path planning,Improved fast elitist non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm,Intelligent manufacturing,Vaccination strategy,Workshop layout
A Research on Automated Guided Vehicle Indoor Localization System Via CSI	2019	Proceedings of 2019 International Conference on System Science and Engineering, ICSSE 2019	2019 IEEE.Obviously, we cannot deny the important role that the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) play in warehouse and logistic industry nowadays. Managing and monitoring the AGV system became more and more important for every company. However, so far, most of its precise navigating systems have been based on optical solution such as laser triangulation, image processing, line-follower, QR code scanner, etc. which is only suitable for a dust-free environment, not likely to cement warehouse, etc. In this paper we would like to inform a nonoptical based method to localize AGVs in the indoor environment via Channel State Information (CSI), which could be effortlessly extracted from normal wireless card in every WiFi interface. Although these technique was quite well-received by telecommunication fields, very few of those made use on real AGV application. We prefer using CSI to applying Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) because of its robust accuracy in the indoor environment which had been tested in our first paper. And finally, we also try to optimize the data collection through an API server application so that we can put forward to deep learning techniques to train the system more accuracy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management	CSI,Indoor Localization,MAC address,RSSI
Control of Mobile Robot to Track Target by Using Image Processing	2019	Proceedings of 2019 International Conference on System Science and Engineering, ICSSE 2019	2019 IEEE.Nowadays, mobile robot is very popular and still one of key issues in automation field. The control approach is a core technique which varies from simulation to experiment. Recently, image processing technique gains many significant achievements. In this paper, a method to follow target by using digital camera is presented. Mobile robot become an intelligent system to estimate and track the movement of target. In the test scenario, autonomous robot and human share the workspace. From the results, robot is able to follow worker to complete a mission.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management	automated vehicle,autonomous system,image processing,motion control,robotics
Some new results on the state liveness of open guidepath-based traffic systems	2019	27th Mediterranean Conference on Control and Automation, MED 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.Guidepath-based traffic systems is a pertinent abstraction that has been used extensively by the Discrete Event Systems (DES) community for the study of the traffic dynamics that take place in the automated unit-load material handling systems (MHS) encountered in various production and distribution facilities. A particular problem that has drawn extensive attention in the DES-based investigation of these systems, is the preservation of the system 'liveness' i.e., the preservation of the ability of the system agents to complete successfully their currently allocated tasks and engage repeatedly to similar tasks in the future. The first part of this paper establishes that for a large subclass of the considered traffic systems, the preservation of their traffic liveness in a maximally permissive manner reduces to the observation of a particular property that must be possessed by the admitted traffic states. The second part of the paper provides some complexity analysis for assessing the aforementioned property on any given traffic state, under some further assumptions regarding the operation of the considered traffic systems and the structure of the traffic states under consideration. 11 The first author was partially supported by NSF grant ECCS-1707695 and the second author by the GARC project GC19-06175J.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation	Deadlock avoidance,Discrete event systems,Guidepath-based traffic systems,Traffic liveness enforcement
Adaptive production control in a modular assembly system - Towards an agent-based approach	2019	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN)	2019 IEEE.In industry, individualization leads to a slow replacement of assembly line production with more flexible modular assembly systems. In modular systems, each product can be completed on multiple routes through a grid of modular workstations, where transportation is handled by automated guided vehicles (AGV). In order to benefit from this routing flexibility and to react on disturbances in the system, new robust control approaches are crucial. While optimizing the production flow globally is limited by computing power, this work presents a decentralized control approach that reduces complexity by dividing the problem into sub-problems: A job release agent releases jobs at certain points in time according to the system's inventory level. Each job in the system is linked to a job routing agent regularly choosing the optimal route out of the options given by the product's flexibility. Every modular station is represented by a workstation agent optimizing the workstation's schedule. Lastly, a vehicle agent assigns transports optimally to the AGVs and coordinates them accordingly. An evaluation example emphasized the decentralized approach as a valid way for real-time robust control solutions, where the makespan was about five percent away from the static optimum.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	Automated guided vehicles,Intelligent manufacturing,Modular assembly system,Multi-agent system,Production control,Scheduling
A Novel Platform of Autonomous Vehicle in Multi-Disciplinary Industry	2019	Proceedings of 2019 International Conference on System Science and Engineering, ICSSE 2019	2019 IEEE.The emerging technologies into a compact unit become one of key trends in engineering design. If the product has more advanced functions, the chance to utilize in a wide range of industry is identified. Only a single field could not succeed in our era. Therefore, in this paper, the integration in many majors into one hardware is presented as successful model. The design of autonomous model involves hardware components and infrastructure. Then, the modeling of autonomous system is simulated on computer to meet the proposed design. The implementation of control strategy into model is to drive autonomous system to complete mission. From these results, it can be seen that the proposed design is feasible, effective and capable in real world.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management	automated vehicle,community design,human-centered design,motion control,robotics
On active disturbance rejection control for path following of automated guided vehicle with uncertain velocities	2019	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	2019 American Automatic Control Council.This paper studies the path following problem of the automated guided vehicle (AGV) with both uncertain linear velocity and angular velocity. An active disturbance rejection control (ADRC) based backstepping control method is proposed to deal with the effects caused by these two uncertainties. To handle the uncertain sinusoidal term of the virtual input in the dynamics of cross-track error, the tuning law of the feedback gain is analyzed. It is proven that the proposed tuning law ensures both the compensation for the uncertainty and the elimination of the saturation of virtual input. Furthermore, the transient performance of the path following is studied by the error between the actual trajectory and the ideal trajectory. It is proven that this error during the entire time region can be tuned small enough by designing the proposed ADRC controller's parameters. Finally, the simulations results under several typical uncertain velocities demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed ADRC method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Active disturbance rejection control (ADRC),Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Extended state observer (ESO),Nonlinear systems,Transient performance
The component-based design method for agent-based multi-AGV system	2019	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN)	2019 IEEE.The agent-based multi-AGV system is envisioned to be highly flexible and adaptable for the evolving requirement of industrial automation. However, the current design method of the automation software remains monolithic and is still based on the centralized control mechanism, which makes the system engineers struggle with the complexity of the development process under the distributed system requirements. This paper applies component-based design method and the embedded agent architecture for multi-AGV system to reduce the agent design effort and improve the flexibility of the design process, and proposes a task-oriented component granularity partitioning method. A multi-AGV system in laboratory level test scenario verifies the easy-and-flexible-using of this investigation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	Agent,AGV,Component-based design,Function block,IEC 61499
A simulation-based evaluation of warehouse check-in strategies for improving inbound logistics operations	2019	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	2019 Elsevier B.V. Inbound logistics is a vital step in warehouse receiving processes and has a direct impact on supply chain cost and performance. As a result of an inefficient check-in operation, the incoming trucks may experience inordinate wait times between arrival and check-in, which in turn leads to unnecessary cost to the company in the form of detention fees (a penalty for holding the truck and driver beyond the agreed upon time) and delayed delivery of subsequent consignments. Moreover, prolonged idling of queuing trucks is not environmentally sustainable as it increases the concentration of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ), a primary contributor to climate change, in the atmosphere. This research is motivated by a case study of one of the largest consumer goods companies in the US, which pays over a million dollars in detention fees every year. The trucks entering the facility under study encounter an average waiting time of approximately an hour. The primary objective of this paper is to minimize the detention fees paid to the carrier by enhancing the check-in process of the inbound trucks, and the secondary goal is to reduce the CO 2 emissions. Different check-in policies (staging area, dynamic dispatching rules, and automated technology) are proposed and compared to the current operations using discrete-event simulation models. The results suggest the adoption of a staging area with dynamic dispatching rule in the short-term as it requires minimal capital investment and achieves substantially lower detention fee and CO 2 emission. A more expensive yet superior alternative is the use of automated technology for check-in processing as it eliminates detention fee and reduces the CO 2 emissions from the trucks by 80%. The modeling approach and proposed dispatching rules are generic and can be adopted by any facility characterized by long waiting time for check-in and high detention fees.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	8	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Detention fee,Discrete-event simulation,Environmental pollution,Traffic congestion,Truck check-in,Warehousing receiving process
A Rectified RRT∗ with Efficient Obstacles Avoidance Method for UAV in 3D Environment	2019	9th IEEE International Conference on Cyber Technology in Automation, Control and Intelligent Systems, CYBER 2019	2019 IEEE.Our paper presents a static obstacles avoidance and path planning method for Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in outdoor three-dimension (3D) environment. We propose a rectified rapidly exploring random tree (RRT∗) algorithm where a method is proposed for smoothing and rectifying the final path generated by RRT∗ in order to reduce the energy consumption during the flight. We also introduce an obstacle avoidance method which allows an efficient free-path collision generation in a complex 3D operating state space. This method ensures that the environment modeling is very close to the reality which allows a high accuracy obstacle avoidance with a secure distance between the UAV and the obstacles edges. Our algorithm was validated through the experiments including the Hardware-in-the-loop simulation (HIL) and real outdoor flights.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	algorithm,obstacles avoidance,Path planning,RRT,UAV
Research on multi-AGV path planning in automated container terminal	2019	ICTIS 2019 - 5th International Conference on Transportation Information and Safety	2019 IEEE.In order to alleviate traffic congestion, avoid collisions and improve loading and unloading efficiency at the automated terminal, this study considers the factor of road congestion and a predictive two-stage path planning algorithm is proposed. Firstly, a traffic flow model of automatic terminal is established and the strategy of considering road congestion is designed. Secondly, an improved A∗ algorithm is proposed to find the shortest path of AGVs. On the basis of the above, a predictive two-stage path planning algorithm based on time window is proposed, and the dynamic path planning algorithm is used as a comparison to plan a conflict-free path for each AGV. Finally, the rationality and feasibility of using the two-stage algorithm are verified by simulating the loading and unloading amount, the maximum number of active AGVs and the number of path-finding failures of the two algorithms in the same time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Transportation,Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Modeling and Simulation,Safety Research	A,Algorithm,Automated container terminal,Multi-AGV,Path planning,Time window
The Loading Pattern of a Transport-Loading Facility of a Flexible Manufacturing System	2019	Journal of Machinery Manufacture and Reliability	2019, Allerton Press, Inc.Abstract: The loading pattern of a transport-loading facility of a flexible manufacturing system for the treatment of base members was proposed in this article. The dependences allowing determination of the loading coefficient of the transport-loading facility for different types of work were found. Methods for loading reduction of the transport system and optimization of its operation were proposed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Russian Federation	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	flexible manufacturing system,mass service theory,transport-loading facility
Improved tabu search algorithm for the open vehicle routing problem with soft time windows and satisfaction rate	2019	Cluster Computing	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.The open vehicle routing problem (OVRP) has a wide range of applications in the field of logistics distribution. A model of OVRP with soft time windows and satisfaction rate is analyzed here in order to reduce the logistics distribution cost. The minimization of the number of vehicles required is taken as the primary objective, while the minimization of the traveling distance cost and the deviation cost of the time windows are used as secondary objectives. A corresponding mathematical model with bi-objective programming is established for the problem. Based on the coding rules of natural numbers, several strategies such as the adaptive penalty mechanism, multi-neighborhood structure and re-initialization rule are embedded in the tabu search algorithm (TSA), resulting in an improved TSA (ITSA). Computational results are provided and these are compared with other methods in the literature, demonstrating the effectiveness of the ITSA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Software,Computer Networks and Communications	Adaptive penalty mechanism,Bi-objective programming,Logistics distribution,Open vehicle routing problem (OVRP),Satisfaction rate,Soft time windows,Tabu search algorithm (TSA)
A development platform for real time routing of an autonomous ground vehicle to complete prioritized tasks	2019	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	2019 American Automatic Control Council.Autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) have been deployed for industrial automation. Despite the advancement that has been achieved in the field of AGV technology, there are still many challenges associated with this domain. For instance, it is highly challenging to optimally schedule and plan the routing of an AGV in real time, where the AGV is stochastically assigned tasks with various priorities. The AGV routing based on task priority might be different from that based on the shortest path. There will be a tradeoff between completing tasks in their priority order and completing the tasks within the shortest time. Additionally, real time planning of the routing is desirable so that the AGV can update its path to accommodate the assigned tasks and achieve optimal efficiency. In order to address these challenges, this paper introduces an AGV development platform that can optimally generate an optimal path to route the AGV in real time considering both to achieve the shortest route and to accommodate the task priority. The platform also provides a tool for the actual design of the AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous ground vehicles,Optimal routing,Priority tasking
An optimization approach and a heuristic procedure to schedule battery charging processes for stackers of palletized cargo	2019	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2019 Elsevier LtdThis paper proposes an approach to develop schedules for charging batteries in a battery center. This problem arises in warehouses and logistics centers that attempt to provide uninterrupted operations with battery powered machinery such as stackers. These operations often require recharging batteries on location, a process that involves two decisions: determining charging start-times and assigning batteries to chargers. Prices of grid-provided electric energy vary by hour of the day and can be almost negligible for energy available from photovoltaic solar collectors. Thus, efficient schedules should recharge batteries during time intervals with low tariffs while minimizing the time batteries spend in queue waiting for an available charger. In this situation, batteries arrive at the battery center during the operation. The model assumes that the counts of arriving batteries in time bands are known. The objective is to determine a charging schedule that minimizes a weighted sum of the costs of energy and delays. We develop a MIP model that incorporates the main features of the battery charging process. Unfortunately, computation times to solve these MIPs are too long to be practical. To overcome this limitation, we develop a constructive heuristic that finds a feasible solution in a matter of seconds, even for large-sized instances, with a relatively low GAP of 9.67%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Chile	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Energy efficiency,Greedy heuristic,MIP modeling,Scheduling,Warehouse operations
A multi - Platform cooperative localization method based on dead reckoning and particle filtering	2019	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2019 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.A multi-node cooperative localization method is proposed based on dead reckoning and particle filter, which can enhance the robustness and accuracy of the whole localization network. Only one reference node is needed to conduct the position estimation of the unknown node. A cooperative navigation network is constructed using the navigation information of each node, such as unmanned aerial vehicles, ground vehicles, unmanned platforms and even dismounted soldiers etc. Each node is required to share navigation and positioning information. And when some of the nodes are disabled under circumstances such as GPS failure or system malfunction, other nodes can provide them with cooperative localization capability to improve the navigation robustness of the whole localization system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Cooperative localization,Dead reckoning,Monte Carlo algorithm,Particle filtering
Design and implementation of an unmanned express delivery vehicle	2019	2019 4th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Mechatronics, ICARM 2019	2019 IEEE.In this paper, an express delivery vehicle platform is designed for the practical needs of delivery industry, which is driven by hub motors. The control system is further studied based on the double closed-loop of DC motor model, and the simulation is made. To improve the stability of hub motor's speed, STM32 is used to perform Kalman filtering on the speed value returned by the encoder. Then the control effects of incremental PID and a 'double-speed-loop' system on the motion are discussed. In the experimental verification phase, actual running results are tested, comparing with simulation result.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	None
A Genetic Algorithm for Solving Flexible Flow Shop Scheduling Problem with Autonomous Guided Vehicles	2019	IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA	2019 IEEE.The flexible flow shop (FFS) is defined as a multistage flow shop with multiple parallel machines. FFS scheduling problem is a complex combinatorial problem which has been intensively studied in many real world industries. In the FFS scheduling problem, each job has to be processed on any machine at each stage, but it is not considered that how the jobs are transported from one machine to another. In this study, materials are transported from one machine to another through autonomous guided vehicles (AGV) system. In this paper, we propose a genetic algorithm (GA) for solving FFS scheduling problem in which AGVs are used to transport materials. We design effective coding and decoding scheme and genetic operators including crossover and mutation. The effectiveness of the algorithm is verified by simulation experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Localization and navigation method for Omni-directional mobile robot based on odometry	2019	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2019 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.Omni-directional mobile robot has been widely used in the field of mobile robots due to its omni-directional movement. The research on its localization and navigation methods has also become an important step in the application process. In this paper, a localization method based on odometry system is proposed, and a calibration method is proposed to reduce the systematic error of odometry system. At the same time, the navigation methods of line path and circular path for omni-directional mobile robot are proposed to realize the autonomous movement of the robot. The experiments show that the proposed method can realize the accurate localization and automatic path navigation of the robot on the condition that the map is known.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Calibration,Localization,Odometry,Path navigation
Probabilistic Analysis of UAV Routing with Dynamically Arriving Targets	2019	FUSION 2019 - 22nd International Conference on Information Fusion	2019 ISIF-International Society of Information Fusion.Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) are indispensable part of modern operations, from information collection and transportation in civilian and military domains alike. However, the problem of finding the best route for the UAVs for multi-target tracking, surveillance, and information collection is a very important problem which can greatly affect the performance of UAVs. In this paper, we address this problem, and propose two different greedy policies, analyze them mathematically, and find the expectation of the distance travelled in each case. Such analysis can help guide the decision maker with choices in dispatching and scheduling these important assets.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Information Systems,Instrumentation	Expected Minimum Distance,Search Theory,Stochastic Traveling Salesman,Stochastic Vehicle Routing,Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
Robust filtering for markov jump systems by randomized algorithm approach	2019	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	2019 American Automatic Control Council.The issue of probabilistic filtering for a class of Markov jump systems with random uncertain parameters is addressed. A scenario random approach is proposed for designing a probabilistic filter to achieve probabilistic stochastic stabilization, and satisfying an L{2}-L{infty} disturbance rejection performance requirement. In Particular, conditions on which the resulting filter based system is stochastically asymptotically stable with a confidence level are established.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Interval trajectory tracking for AGV based on MPC	2019	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2019 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.Aiming at the problem of AGV trajectory tracking, this paper designs an interval trajectory tracking control method based on MPC. Firstly, the vehicle kinematics model is linearized. Secondly, the model predictive control method is used, and the error between the predicted trajectory and the expected trajectory is utilized to obtain the control sequence that minimizes the performance index. Finally, two sets of experiments with straight and small curvature sinusoids were designed to verify the proposed method. The experimental results show that the AGV can travel stably in a given feasible region, which proves the effectiveness of the proposed MPC-based AGV interval trajectory tracking method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	AGV,MPC,Trajectory tracking
Conformance checking and classification of manufacturing log data	2019	Proceedings - 21st IEEE Conference on Business Informatics, CBI 2019	2019 IEEE.Currently, there is a gap between how data is collected on the shop floor based on resources such as machines, robots, and Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and the manufacturing orchestration software that sits above these resources and controls their interaction from the point of the creation of single products. Shop-floor resources create data streams that are saved in databases, cleaned, and then re-contextualized, i.e., to connect the data to orders, batches, and single products. New analysis prospects arise when integrating this data and analysis methods with the process-oriented analysis perspective. This paper exploits these prospects based on a real-world case: BPMN models are created for the manufacturing of two real-world products: (1) a low volume, high complexity lower-housing for a gas turbine and (2) a high volume, low complexity, small tolerance valve lifter for a gas turbine. Instead of collecting the data independently based on the participating machines, the data collection of 30+ values is modeled into the BPMN models and enacted by a workflow engine, resulting in execution logs. Conformance checks are conducted and interpreted for the scenarios and it is shown how existing classification and clustering techniques can be used to predict good and bad parts, ex-post and potentially at run-time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Austria	0	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Management Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	BPMN,Clustering,Conformance,Data Analysis,Manufacturing,XES
A fast path planning method for mobile robot based on voronoi diagram and improved d∗ algorithm	2019	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	2019 IEEE.Fast path planning is hard to achieve for a mobile robot due to the difficulties in balancing the efficiency and distance security requirements between the desired path and obstacle. To address this problem, a practical path planning method is proposed by combining Voronoi and D∗ (VD*) algorithm. A Voronoi-based method is presented to re-divide the map and re-fit the obstacles so that the intensity of the sampling points is specified satisfactorily and the consuming time can be mitigated. Moreover, by utilizing the improved VD∗ algorithm, the search step size is regulated adaptively to speed up the planning convergence. Thus, an efficiently-planned and smooth path can be guaranteed. Moreover, the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method is verified by simulations in two mobile robot situations, which show reduced calculation burden while achieving a smooth and short path.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Software	None
Addressing Public Speaking Anxiety in Real-time Using a virtual public speaking coach and physiological sensors	2019	IVA 2019 - Proceedings of the 19th ACM International Conference on Intelligent Virtual Agents	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.Oral presentations are important and challenging tasks that most people struggle with due to public speaking anxiety. Virtual agents have been shown to be effective communication skills training coaches and effective as virtual audiences for inducing anxiety in public speaking exposure therapy. To date, there are fewer research interventions, including virtual agents, that are designed to assist presenters manage their anxiety in real-time during presentations. Our research attempts to fill this gap by exploring ways in which technologies, including virtual agents, can help reduce anxiety during presentations. To help presenters manage their anxiety, we will design and evaluate an automated real-time framework for detecting public speaking anxiety and explore behavioral just-in-time techniques that presenters can use while presenting. Our automated framework will be guided by a physiological detection model, use a virtual agent as the user interface, and will assist presenters during their presentation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction	Biofeedback,Oral presentations,Public speaking anxiety,Sensing,Virtual agents
Humanoid Robot Path Planning and Rerouting Using A-Star Search Algorithm	2019	Proceedings - 2019 IEEE International Conference on Signals and Systems, ICSigSys 2019	2019 IEEE.A humanoid robot as a home assistant which operates in an indoor environment needs to be equipped with the ability to move autonomously. The robot needs to fulfill each command which is given by the user to get the object in a specific location. To achieve this mission, the robot needs intermediate points called waypoints to move from its current coordinate to the next coordinate until the robot reaches the goal position. In this research, based on the current robot's and the targeted object coordinates, the A-star algorithm was being used to find the shortest path. The goal in this research is the robot may approach the targeted object and reroute if the robot missed the target or moving away from its waypoints. The A-star algorithm can be successfully applied in this system. With the addition of a rerouting feature, the robot was able to find a new route if the robot suddenly moved by the user or if the robot accidentally walked outside the waypoints.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Instrumentation	A-star,humanoid robot,navigation,path planning,rerouting
Reinforcement Learning for Vision-Based Lateral Control of a Self-Driving Car	2019	IEEE International Conference on Control and Automation, ICCA	2019 IEEE.Lateral control design is one of the fundamental components for self-driving cars. In this paper, we propose a learning-based control strategy that enables a mobile car equipped with a camera to perfectly perform lane keeping in a road on the ground. Using the method of adaptive dynamic programming, the proposed control algorithm exploits the structural knowledge of the car kinematics as well as the collected data (images) about the lane information. An adaptive optimal lateral controller is obtained through a data-driven learning algorithm. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated by theoretical stability proofs and experimental evaluations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Nonintrusive Automatic Compiler-Guided Reliability Improvement of Embedded Applications under Proton Irradiation	2019	IEEE Transactions on Nuclear Science	1963-2012 IEEE.A method is presented for automated improvement of embedded application reliability. The compilation process is guided using genetic algorithms and a multiobjective optimization approach (MOOGAs). Even though modern compilers are not designed to generate reliable builds, they can be tuned to obtain compilations that improve their reliability, through simultaneous optimization of their fault coverage, execution time, and memory size. Experiments show that relevant reliability improvements can be obtained from an efficient exploration of the compilation solutions space. Fault-injection simulation campaigns are performed to assess our proposal against different benchmarks, and the results are assessed against a real Advanced RISC Machines-based system-on-chip under proton irradiation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	3	Nuclear and High Energy Physics,Nuclear Energy and Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fault tolerance,proton irradiation effects,single event upset,soft errors
In-plant logistics simulation model for the catering service industry towards sustainable development: A case study	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.An increasing number of people are conscious of the environmental awareness in various industries, particularly in city areas. It is now a popular trend for the urban catering service industry to outsource its labor-intensive activities, such as dishwashing, to a central dishwashing facility, in which labor force management and optimization are essential. Moreover, the increasing labor cost and fluctuating labor supply drive the increasing need for labor force optimization. This research develops an in-plant logistics simulation model for a central dishwashing facility with the purpose of improving its labor force utilization rate. A discrete event simulation model is established to simulate the tableware washing process, and this model is employed in a one-stop environmentally hygienic dishwashing service provider for trial implementation. The simulation result has been compared with actual situations, identifies the main bottlenecks of the tableware washing process, optimizes the utilization rate of the labor force, and further helps to improve the productivity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	5	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Catering service industry,Discrete event simulation,Dishwashing service,Labor force optimization,Sustainability
Automatic Threshold Selection Guided by Maximizing Normalized Mutual Information 归一化互信息量最大化导向的自动阈值选择方法	2019	Zidonghua Xuebao/Acta Automatica Sinica	Copyright  2019 Acta Automatica Sinica. All rights reserved.When the gray level distribution of foreground or background appears a non-normal distribution, such as extreme value, Rayleigh, beta or uniform distribution, it is challenging to keep the difference between the selected threshold and the optimal threshold under control within 10 gray levels. To deal with the issue of threshold selection in different gray level distributions within a unified framework, we propose an automatic method of threshold selection that is guided by maximizing normalized mutual information. Firstly, this method applies a multiscale gradient multiplication to an input image, which produces a normalized image with a single-peaked trailing distribution. Then, the binary images corresponding to different thresholds are subjected to contour extraction to produce different contour images. Finally, normalized mutual information between the normalized image and different contour images is calculated and the threshold corresponding to maximum is taken as the final threshold. The proposed method is compared with a manual thresholding method and 4 automatic ones on 9 synthetic images and 59 real-world ones with different distributions. The results show that the proposed method is not superior to these 4 automatic methods in computational efficiency, but it has a significant advantage in the adaptability and accuracy of segmentation: in the case of the aforementioned different gray level distributions, the differences between its selected thresholds and the optimal ones are all within 9 gray levels.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Image thresholding,Joint gray level histogram,Multiscale gradient multiplication,Normalized mutual information,Statistical dependence
Multi-Frequency Multi-Power One-to-Many Wireless Power Transfer System	2019	IEEE Transactions on Magnetics	1965-2012 IEEE.This paper proposes and implements a novel multi-frequency multi-power wireless power transfer (MFMP-WPT) system based on one single transmitter for simultaneously and compatibly energizing multi-standard receivers. Generally, implementing a multi-frequency WPT often requires a compromise in system complexity, control difficulty, switching frequency, or transmission efficiency. By using only a single transmitter with an artful inverter topology, the proposed MFMP-WPT system can effectively achieve multi-frequency multi-magnitude superposition and switching frequency reduction while maintaining the control fitness and convenience of square-wave generation with 50% duty cycle. Moreover, by switching at the fundamental frequency in a range of 80-130 kHz, the single transmitter becomes competent for one-to-many MFMP-WPT operation for diverse wireless power on-demands. Consequently, the fundamental and high-order harmonic wireless energies with multiple power levels can be, respectively, picked up by the multi-standard receivers, depending on their energy requirements. The experimental transmission and system efficiencies can reach 81.57% and 64.74% under MFMP-WPT, respectively. Theoretical analysis, computer simulation, and experimental results are provided to verify the feasibility of the proposed MFMP-WPT system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	8	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Multi-frequency multi-power (MFMP),one to many,single transmitter,wireless power transfer (WPT)
Scheduling just-in-time part replenishment of the automobile assembly line with unrelated parallel machines	2019	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part C: Journal of Mechanical Engineering Science	IMechE 2019.With increasing product customization, just-in-time part replenishment has become a significant scheduling problem in the automobile assembly system. This paper investigates a new unrelated parallel machine scheduling problem of an assembly line, where machines are employed to deliver material boxes from an in-house warehouse to workstations. The schedule is to appropriately specify the assignment and sequence of material boxes on each machine for minimizing line-side inventories under no stock-out constraints. By taking advantages of domain properties, an exact algorithm is developed to cope up with small-scale instances. In terms of real-world scale instances, a hybrid teaching–learning-based optimization metaheuristic is established by integrating teaching–learning-based optimization with a beam search technique. Experimental results indicate that the scheduling algorithms are effective and efficient in solving the proposed unrelated parallel machine scheduling.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Mechanical Engineering	Automobile assembly line,backtracking,just-in-time,part replenishment,teaching–learning-based optimization,unrelated parallel machines
A matheuristic approach to the integration of worker assignment and vehicle routing problems: Application to home healthcare scheduling	2019	Expert Systems with Applications	2019 Elsevier LtdTo model a home health care planning problem by classical VRP and AP formulation, the dimensions of the problem are: 1. The staff, 2. The patients, 3. The routes (sequence of the patients for each staff member). In this study, we present an extension of the home health care planning problem by adding the extra dimension of time so that the staff are not only assigned to the patients, but they are also assigned to daily periods. The scope of the planning problem extends to multiple days in which the patient required services vary from one day to another. Hence, the problem concerns a sequence of schedules (one schedule for each day) for the staff members. This variant of the home health care planning problem is modeled mathematically by employing the sequencing generalized assignment formulation and solved by applying the Gurobi mixed-integer solver. Considering that the studied combinatorial optimization is NP-complete, a matheuristic approach based on the decomposition of the formulation is proposed in this research to simplify the mathematical model and reduce the computational time needed to solve the problem. The numerical experiences and statistical analysis show that our matheuristic approach solves 90% of the instances to optimality with a significant reduction in the computational times.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	7	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Generalized assignment problem,Home healthcare routing and scheduling,Human resource planning,Matheuristic optimization algorithm
Energy management of virtual power plant considering distributed generation sizing and pricing	2019	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2019 by the author.The energy management of virtual power plants faces some fundamental challenges that make it complicated compared to conventional power plants, such as uncertainty in production, consumption, energy price, and availability of network components. Continuous monitoring and scaling of network gain status, using smart grids provides valuable instantaneous information about network conditions such as production, consumption, power lines, and network availability. Therefore, by creating a bidirectional communication between the energy management system and the grid users such as producers or energy applicants, it will afford a suitable platform to develop more efficient vector of the virtual power plant. The paper is treated with optimal sizing of DG units and the price of their electricity sales to achieve security issues and other technical considerations in the system. The ultimate goal in this study to determine the active demand power required to increase system loading capability and to withstand disturbances. The effect of different types of DG units in simulations is considered and then the efficiency of each equipment such as converters, wind turbines, electrolyzers, etc., is achieved to minimize the total operation cost and losses, improve voltage profiles, and address other security issues and reliability. The simulations are done in three cases and compared with HOMER software to validate the ability of proposed model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Operation,Sizing,Smart grid,Virtual power plant
Design and development of an adaptive optics system in visible and near-infrared for Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics 2-meter telescope	2019	Journal of Astronomical Telescopes, Instruments, and Systems	The Authors. Published by SPIE under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 Unported License. Distribution or reproduction of this work in whole or in part requires full attribution of the original publication, including its DOI.Robo-AO is the first robotic autonomous laser-guided adaptive optics (AO) system operating in the sky. It is a very economical AO system especially suitable for observations with 1-to 3-m class telescopes. A second Robo-AO system, which works both in the visible and near-infrared wavelengths, has been developed to improve the image quality of the 2-m diameter telescope at Inter-university Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics Girawali Observatory in India. We present the optomechanical design and development of the Laser Guide Star Facility (LGSF) and the Cassegrain AO facility with various test results. Effects of different projection geometries of the LGSF have been discussed with modeling results. Comprehensive study of an atmospheric dispersion corrector with dispersion model and development of a generic software are elaborated with experimental results. Toward the end, AO loop test results in the presence of artificial turbulence generated in the laboratory are presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Astronomy and Astrophysics,Mechanical Engineering,Space and Planetary Science	adaptive optics,atmospheric dispersion corrector,atmospheric effects,high angular resolution,imaging techniques,laser guide star,miscellaneous,polarization
Neural network autoregressive with exogenous input assisted multi-constraint nonlinear predictive control of autonomous vehicles	2019	IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology	2019 IEEE.This paper focuses on the controller design for path-tracking problem of autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) by employing a multi-constraint nonlinear predictive control (NMPC) schema. It is aimed to improve the transient performance of the vehicle and to consider a rollover prevention criterion in the proposed method. The path-tracking problem is transformed into the yaw stabilization issue, and a feedback control law with input saturation is developed to decrease the steady-state errors. Furthermore, the yaw-rate signal is generated for the desired path-tracking performance. The major contributions of the present paper are, first, developing a neural network autoregressive with exogenous input system to assist in obtaining an accurate and explicit model in order to contribute to the control of the system over the prediction horizon; second, describing a Frenet-Serret differential geometry based path-following agenda and developing AGV dynamic model by incorporating the vehicle vertical mode of motion to prevent vehicle rollover during critical maneuvers, and finally, achieving an enhanced yaw stabilization and transient tracking performance considering saturated input signal by employing the proposed system identification algorithm. The effectiveness of the proposed control system is verified by comparing with the traditional NMPC method by employing a high fidelity CarSim/MATLAB framework.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	3	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous vehicles,path-following,predictive control,rollover prevention
A novel RFID multi-tag anti-collision protocol for dynamic vehicle identification	2019	PLoS ONE	2019 Qu et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.In order to obtain the information of the vehicle tags in adverse traffic conditions, we proposed a novel reservation framework named reservation to cancel idle-dynamic frame slotted ALOHA (RTCI-DFSA) algorithm. Firstly, the framework employed reservation mechanism to remove idle slot, and thus improve the system identification efficiency. Secondly, the vehicle information was identified by the tag serialization polling identification method. The experimental results showed that the proposed RTCI-DFSA algorithm performed better than the traditional frame slotted ALOHA (FSA) and dynamic frame slotted ALOHA (DFSA) algorithms. More specifically, the tag loss rate of the proposed framework is significantly lower than the frame length fixed and conventional dynamic vehicle identification algorithms. In addition, the experimental results demonstrated that the throughput rate of the proposed algorithm increased from 0.368 to 0.6. Besides, the identification efficiency and applicability of the proposed framework were both higher than other tag identification algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (all),Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Multidisciplinary	None
A study of a kanban based assembly line feeding system through integration of simulation and particle swarm optimization	2019	International Journal of Industrial Engineering Computations	2019 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.With increase in differentiation and decreasing batch size of products, feeding the assembly line at regular intervals is considered to be a critical problem in today’s manufacturing sector. Yet no clear solution has been developed for this problem; therefore, the main focus of this research is to discuss the different aspects of line feeding, the latest trend in literature, and to propose an innovative method to support solving the problem. A discrete event simulation model is developed and a mathematical model based on particle swarm optimization is used to support the simulation. The hybrid model is finally applied to practical situations. Results show how different settings of kanban influence the performance of the assembly line feeding system. The biggest novelty item is certainly the recognition of the trade-off between kanban size and number of kanban and the importance of investigating its behaviour during the design of the system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	7	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assembly line,Kanban,Optimization,Part feeding,Simulation,Supermarket
Path Following Control of Autonomous Ground Vehicle Based on Nonsingular Terminal Sliding Mode and Active Disturbance Rejection Control	2019	IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology	2019 IEEE.Due to the strong nonlinearity, coupling characteristics, external disturbance, and complex driving conditions, it is difficult to establish an accurate mathematical model for the autonomous ground vehicle (AGV). This requires the AGV path following controller to have strong robustness. In this paper, a robust AGV path following control strategy that is based on nonsingular terminal sliding mode (NTSM) and active disturbance rejection control (ADRC) is presented. First, the complex path following problem is simplified to a simple yaw angle tracking problem by constructing a desired yaw angle function that satisfies that the displacement deviation of AGV converges to zero when the actual yaw angle approaches the desired yaw angle. Second, an NTSM-ADRC controller is designed for the system, which uses the extended state observer to estimate and compensate the unmodeled dynamics and unknown external perturbations of the system in real time. In order to improve response characteristics of the controller, the nonlinear error feedback control law is designed by combining the NTSM and exponential approximation law. In contrast to the existing work, the improved controller can use the simple two-degree-of-freedom linear vehicle dynamic model to provide good performance in a range of driving conditions. Finally, the CarSim-Simulink simulation results of typical conditions show that the proposed control strategy can make the AGV follow the reference path quickly and accurately while ensuring the stability of the vehicle and has strong robustness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	active disturbance rejection control,Autonomous ground vehicle,extended state observer,nonsingular terminal sliding mode,path following
Sustainable supply chain management in the automotive industry: A process-oriented review	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.The holistic shift fromtraditional supply chain to sustainable supply chain has been practiced in different industries for many years. The automotive industry, as one of the largest and most influential industries in the world, could have a substantial effect on the movement toward a sustainable society. Despite the growing body of literature in the field of sustainable supply chain management, there is no review article that comprehensively synthesizes the state-of-the-art research in the automotive industry. To cover this gap, this paper reviews the sustainable supply chain management literature in the automotive industry published between 1995 and 2017. A systematic review and content analysis were conducted to collect the studies and analyze their content. The content analysis was structured based upon a set of key business processes following the Integration Definition Function (IDEF0) method, which is a structured approach of analyzing business processes. The study provides a practical guideline for designing a sustainable automotive supply chain and culminates with the outlined research gaps and recommendations for future research.	Journal	j	re	Review	Australia	4	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Automotive industry,Content analysis,Green supply chain management,IDEF0 method,Review,Supply chain design,Sustainable supply chain management
Intelligent autonomous vehicles in digital supply chains: From conceptualisation, to simulation modelling, to real-world operations	2019	Business Process Management Journal	2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: The purpose of this paper is twofold: first, to discuss key challenges associated with the use of either simulation or real-world application of intelligent autonomous vehicles (IAVs) in supply network operations; and second, to provide a theoretical and empirical evidence-based methodological framework that supports the integrated application of conceptualisation, simulation, emulation and physical application of IAVs for the effective design of digital supply networks. Design/methodology/approach: First, this study performs a critical review of the extant literature to identify major benefits and shortcomings related to the use of either simulation modelling or real-word application of physical IAVs. Second, commercial and bespoke software applications, along with a three-dimensional validation and verification emulation tool, are developed to evaluate an IAV’s operations in a conceptual warehouse. Third, a commercial depth-sensor is used as a test bed in a physical setting. Findings: The results demonstrate that conceptual and simulation modelling should be initially used to explore alternative supply chain operations in terms of ideal performance while emulation tools and real-world IAV test beds are eminent in validating preferred digital supply chain design options. Research limitations/implications: The provided analysis framework was developed using literature evidence along with experimental work and research experience, without consulting any industry experts. In addition, this study was developed based on the application of a single physical device application as a test bed and, thus, the authors should further progress with the testing of a physical IAV in an industrial warehouse. Practical implications: The study provides bespoke simulation modelling and emulation tools that can be useful for supply chain practitioners in effectively designing network operations. Originality/value: This work contributes in the operations management field by providing both a multi-stage methodological framework and a practical “toolbox” for the proactive assessment and incorporation of IAVs in supply network operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	3	Business and International Management,Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous)	Conceptualisation,Depth-sensor application,Emulation,Intelligent autonomous vehicles,Simulation
Incremental implementation of automated guided vehicle-based logistics using S-BPM	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.The adoption of new digital technologies and decentralized control paradigms in the production industry requires incremental approaches for the transformation of existing processes and systems. This paper presents experiences from a digitalization project at ENGEL Austria that aims to introduce a new internal logistics system based on automated guided vehicles (AGVs). The project was carried out using Subject-oriented Business Process Management (S-BPM). In particular, subject interaction diagrams represent the increments in the transformation from an initial, largely human-operated system towards a highly automated AGV system. The diagrams led to a better understanding of the workers’ tasks and what changes are required with every addition of a new component or new interaction with an existing component.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Austria	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated Guided Vehicles,Digitalization,S-BPM
Ultra-wide band positioning for automatic guided vehicles	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In this paper we propose ultra-wide band radio solution for indoor AGV positioning. Advantages over known solutions are described. Characteristics of the used ultra-wide band component base are given. Considered solution consists from anchors and tags. System operates with RTDoA method. Extended Kalman Filter algorithm is used to estimate the coordinates of the tag. Modified Extended Kalman Filter algorithm is obtained. It allows to eliminate erroneous measurements from solution. Result of the experiment are shown.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	2	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Auction-based cooperation mechanism for cell part scheduling with transportation capacity constraint	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper addresses cell part scheduling (CPS) problem with transportation capacity constraint. In the problem, parts may need to visit different cells, they have to be transferred by automated guided vehicle (AGV). The objective is to minimise the over-all process make-span. An integer nonlinear programming (INLP) model is formulated to allocate the machines, AGVs and schedule all parts. A reasonable transportation mode is presented, and an auction-based heuristic approach is proposed to solve the problem, which focuses on dealing with cooperation between machines and AGVs during processing and transferring parts. The auction consists of two aspects: auction for AGV and auction for machine. In both auctions, AGVs and machines act as auctioneers respectively, and parts act as bidders. A new improved disjunctive graph model is developed to optimise the feasible solutions obtained by auction-based approach. Numerical experiments were conducted to test the auction-based approach and improved disjunctive graph model. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed auction-based approach and improved disjunctive graph model, also indicate influence of the capacity of AGV on scheduling parts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	auction-based cooperation mechanism,cell part scheduling,improved disjunctive graph model,reasonable transportation mode,transportation capacity constraint
Efficient generation of performance bounds for a class of traffic scheduling problems	2019	Discrete Event Dynamic Systems: Theory and Applications	2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This work seeks to develop (lower) performance bounds for a traffic scheduling problem that arises in many application contexts, ranging from industrial material handling and robotics to computer game animations and quantum computing. In a first approach, the sought bounds are obtained by applying the Lagrangian relaxation method to a MIP formulation of the considered scheduling problem that is based on a natural notion of “state” for the underlying traffic system and an analytical characterization of all the possible trajectories of this state over a predefined time horizon. But it is also shown that the corresponding “dual” problem that provides these bounds, can be transformed to a linear program (LP) with numbers of variables and constraints polynomially related to the size of the underlying traffic system and the employed time horizon in the MIP formulation. Furthermore, the derived LP formulation constitutes the LP relaxation of a second MIP formulation for the considered scheduling problem that can be obtained through an existing connection between this problem and the “integral multi-commodity flow” (IMCF) model of network optimization theory. Finally, the theoretical developments of the paper are complemented with a computational part that demonstrates the efficacy of the pursued methods in terms of the quality of the derived bounds, and their computational tractability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Combinatorial optimization,Guidepath-based traffic systems,Lagrangian duality,Traffic scheduling
Material flow optimisation of production planning and scheduling problem in flexible manufacturing system by real coded genetic algorithm (RCGA)	2019	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.In a loading problem of flexible manufacturing system (FMS), part type selection and operations allocation are two critical problems. The total completion time of a product for the selected process plan in the system can be minimum for the loading problem. But, in a real time scheduling system, this process plan may not be optimum because of consideration of waiting time of product and machine. So, the total completion time and thereby the material flow of the selected process plan in the FMS may be high. Due to this problem an integrated approach of part type selection and an operation allocation problem i.e. production planning problem and scheduling problem is considered to optimise material flow in FMS. Loading and scheduling problems are NP-hard in nature. So, to solve complex problems like this, real coded genetic algorithm (RCGA) is used which overcomes some limitations of genetic algorithm. It is observed that, the results of optimisation using RCGA outperforms those obtained by earlier researchers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems,Integrated production planning problem and scheduling problem,Material flow,Real coded genetic algorithm (RCGA),Real time scheduling with waiting time
Assessment of Floor Micro-Vibrations Induced by Moving Vehicles in High Technology Factories Using a Fragility-Based Method	2019	IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This study presents assessment of floor micro-vibrations induced by moving vehicles in high technology factories by using a fragility-based method. A series of time history analysis of a simplified three-span continuous beam model under moving loads simulated by a modified Kanai-Tajimi power spectral density (PSD) function considering various vehicle weights and moving speeds is performed. The best-fitting surface in terms of the maximum root mean square (RMS) velocity responses and their corresponding pair of the vehicle weight and moving speed is obtained by using the least square regression method. With the regression surface denoting the mean values and the standard deviation obtained, the fragility surfaces for each vibration criterion or limit are further constructed. The assessment of the floor micro-vibration in terms of probability of exceeding a given vibration limit for various pairs of vehicle weight and moving speed can be read accordingly from the fragility surfaces.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Environmental Science (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	Fragility surfaces,High technology factory,Micro-vibration,Moving loads,Time history analysis
A novel relative position estimation method for capsule robot moving in gastrointestinal tract	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Recently, a variety of positioning and tracking methods have been proposed for capsule robots moving in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract to provide real-time unobstructed spatial pose results. However, the current absolute position-based result cannot match the GI structure due to its unstructured environment. To overcome this disadvantage and provide a proper position description method to match the GI tract, we here present a relative position estimation method for tracking the capsule robot, which uses the moving distance of the robot along the GI tract to indicate the position result. The procedure of the proposed method is as follows: Firstly, the absolute position results of the capsule robot are obtained with the magnetic tracking method; then, the moving status of the robot along the GI tract is dermined according to the moving direction; and finally, the movement trajectory of the capsule robot is fitted with the Bézier curve, where the moving distance can then be evaluated using the integral method. Compared to state-of-the-art capsule tracking methods, the proposed method can directly help to guide medical instruments by providing physicians the insertion distance in patients’ bodies, which cannot be done based on absolute position results. Moreover, as relative distance information was used, no reference tracking objects needed to be mounted onto the human body. The experimental results prove that the proposed method achieves a good distance estimation of the capsule robot moving in the simulation platform.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Capsule robot,Magnetic localization,Magnetic sensor array,Relative distance,Trajectory fitting
Design and Implementation of Differential Drive AGV Based on Laser Guidance	2019	Proceedings of 2019 3rd IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation Sciences, ICRAS 2019	2019 IEEE.AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) has been widely used in industrial automation production. This paper presents an overall design scheme for laser guided AGV with reflector. Firstly, aiming at the laser positioning problem of AGV and the matching problem of laser reflector, a laser positioning algorithm based on coordinate system transformation and a reflector matching algorithm based on dead reckoning are proposed respectively. Secondly, the kinematic model modeling of differential drive AGV is completed for the trajectory tracking control problem. According to Lyapunov's direct method, the trajectory tracking control law is designed. The motion simulation of common trajectories is given on the MATLAB platform. Finally, the test prototype was designed and built. The test results at the industrial site show that the AGV can be accurately positioned in both static and dynamic states, and it can quickly converge to a predetermined trajectory after starting the operation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Control and Optimization	AGV,matching algorithm,positioning algorithm,trajectory tracking
Path planning of multiple AGVs using a time-space network model	2019	Proceedings - 2019 34rd Youth Academic Annual Conference of Chinese Association of Automation, YAC 2019	2019 IEEEPath planning of Automated Guided Vehicles(AGVs) is critical for the material handling in manufacturing and warehouses. For collision-free path planning of AGVs, this paper proposes a new time-space network model which combines an minimal time objective with the constraints of time and space. First of all, the paper gives an optimal mathematical model to plan the shortest time path to complete a number of tasks for AGVs. The space constraints are added to resolve vehicle collision on the basis of the shortest path. Time constraints are added to make the AGV correspond to its space and time states when moving. In this way, the state of the AGV can be obtained to plan the optimal path. In order to verify the validity of the proposed method, collision avoidances of the proposed planning method are demonstrated with an example of three AGVs working at the same time. The results show that this method could be used to plan non-conflicting paths for AGVs when working simultaneously and to achieve the shortest time path. It can be found that the total time can be optimized by changing the running time of the AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Information Systems and Management,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Collision avoidance,Path planning,Time-space network model
A Compact and Low-Distortion Inductive Charging System for Automatic Guided Vehicles Based on LCC Compensation and Integrated Magnetic Coupler	2019	ITEC 2019 - 2019 IEEE Transportation Electrification Conference and Expo	2019 IEEE.This paper focuses on the study of the tightly-coupled inductive power transfer technology for the charging of automatic guided vehicles. It shows that there are a significant amount of high-order harmonic currents in the system due to the square-wave input voltage and the high coupling coefficient. The harmonics would induce extra power loss and reduce the system efficiency. This paper proposes to utilize the double-sided LCC compensation circuit to realize the wireless charging system, in which the inductors and capacitors work as the low-pass filters to reduce the harmonics. Besides, the compensation inductors are integrated into the main coil to save space, resulting in a compact coupler structure. The circuit working principle and the finite element (FEM) analysis of the magnetic coupler are provided in this paper to show the design process. In addition, a 1.8 kW prototype is implemented with a size of 220mm×220mm×10mm magnetic coupler. In a low-voltage and high-current application, the dc-dc efficiency reaches 86.1% in the 24V/74A output condition, and the total harmonic distortion is limited within 10% when the airgap is 15mm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Transportation,Automotive Engineering	automatic guided vehicles,harmonic distortion,inductive power transfer (IPT),integrated coupler
A Clonal Selection Algorithm for Minimizing Distance Travel and Back Tracking of Automatic Guided Vehicles in Flexible Manufacturing System	2019	Journal of The Institution of Engineers (India): Series C	2018, The Institution of Engineers (India).The flexible manufacturing system (FMS) constitute of several programmable production work centers, material handling systems (MHSs), assembly stations and automatic storage and retrieval systems. In FMS, the automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) play a vital role in material handling operations and enhance the performance of the FMS in its overall operations. To achieve low makespan and high throughput yield in the FMS operations, it is highly imperative to integrate the production work centers schedules with the AGVs schedules. The Production schedule for work centers is generated by application of the Giffler and Thompson algorithm under four kind of priority hybrid dispatching rules. Then the clonal selection algorithm (CSA) is applied for the simultaneous scheduling to reduce backtracking as well as distance travel of AGVs within the FMS facility. The proposed procedure is computationally tested on the benchmark FMS configuration from the literature and findings from the investigations clearly indicates that the CSA yields best results in comparison of other applied methods from the literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	5	Aerospace Engineering,Ocean Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles,Clonal selection algorithm,Flexible manufacturing system,Priority hybrid dispatching rules
Research on passive control strategy of AGV wireless power transfer system	2019	Proceedings - 2019 34rd Youth Academic Annual Conference of Chinese Association of Automation, YAC 2019	2019 IEEEAutomated guided vehicle (AGV) is widely used in automated and intelligent logistics management system. However, the traditional AGV charging method needs long charging time and has fixed charging position that is inflexible, which shortens the effective working time of AGV and increases the working cost. In order to solve these problems, an AGV wireless power transfer (WPT) system is designed in this paper. At the temporary parking points of AGV, intermittent pulse charging is proposed to realize 24-hour operation. Then the PI-PBC passive control strategy is proposed to reduce the regulation time of the system and increase the effective charging time within each docking time, so as to transfer more power. Finally, a 1.5kw WPT simulation model of AGV system is established in PLECS. Compared with the traditional PI control strategy, the output voltage of the PI-PBC control strategy has no steady-state error, and its dynamic performance is much better than that of the PI control strategy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Information Systems and Management,Computer Science Applications	AGV,DC/DC converter,Passive control,WPT
An electrical DC Motor Equivalent Circuit testbed for the battery Prognostic Health and Management	2019	2019 IEEE International Workshop on Metrology for Industry 4.0 and IoT, MetroInd 4.0 and IoT 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.In the recent industrialisation era, characterised by Industry 4.0 and Smart Factories concepts, machines are increasingly equipped with sensors and communication skills. There is a greater potential for increasing the system's awareness of the machine health and processes status that may lead to reduced downtime and increased level of automation and product quality, assuring a more dynamic responsiveness to changes in consumer demand. In this context, the Prognostics and Health Management (PHM) increasingly become an indispensable component of many engineering systems. Meantime, with the rapidly evolving technology of the smart grid, electric vehicles (EVs) and the consequent industrial twin of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), the battery is emerging as the most prominent energy storage device. Among this consideration, this paper aims to propose a practical DC Motor Equivalent Circuit testbed that may allow the design and the consequential training of a battery PHM system, able to grasp the information from the State-of-Charge (SOC), State-Of-Health (SOC) estimation evaluating the assessment of the predicted evolution with regards to the planned workload. In particular, the objective of the presented study is to contribute to the developing process of an innovative battery PHM system, proposing a reproducible and practical methodology for designing an equivalent load-dependent electrical circuit.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Human Factors and Ergonomics,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Biomedical Engineering,Instrumentation	AGV,Automated Guided Vehicle,Battery,Industry 4.0,Prognostics and Health Management
Simulation design of AGVs operating process in manufacturing workshop	2019	Proceedings - 2019 34rd Youth Academic Annual Conference of Chinese Association of Automation, YAC 2019	2019 IEEEThe key to achieve maximum efficiency of AGVS is to enable the car to take the shortest possible route in the shortest possible time-AGV's scheduling and path planning; The AGV optimal Quantity configuration is able to reduce the cost . In summary, The goal is to establish the queuing theory model with the shortest moving path and the lowest cost, and validate it with Flexsim simulation to provide theoretical support to research for AGVS in the future.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Information Systems and Management,Computer Science Applications	AGVS,Material handling,Optimi zation model,Queuing theory
State-of-the-art review of autonomous intelligent vehicles (AIV) technologies for the automotive and manufacturing industry	2019	30th Irish Signals and Systems Conference, ISSC 2019	2019 IEEE.Research in Autonomous Intelligent Vehicles (AIV) has been done for the past 25 years and is continuously creating advancements and capabilities. AIVs will out-strip Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) as leaders of material handling equipment. It is the ability of AIVs to operate remotely and safely with repeatability at the request and demand of the Manufacturing Execution System (MES). Integration of AIV technologies will increase productivity through consistent and seamless transportation of product in current manufacturing environments. AIV technology removes the mundane laborious manual operations from the human operator, offering workers the ability to work in a more meaningful role within the production line. Increased manufacturing output will ultimately benefit the economy and job security. This review paper will examine AIV technologies for advanced flexible manufacturing systems to improve manufacturing processes. The removal of conveyors and the inclusion of AIVs will promote flexibility within the factory floor and increase the realisation of Industry 4.0.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ireland	0	Signal Processing	Automotive,Flexible Autonomous Manufacturing,Navigation,Robotics
Efficient calibration of four wheel industrial AGVs	2019	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2018 Elsevier LtdIn this paper, we propose a novel method for extrinsic and intrinsic automatic calibration of four wheel industrial Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) compliant with Ackermann and Dual Drive kinematics. For each kinematic model the algorithm estimates the trajectories measured by an on-board sensor and the expected ones given the state of the wheels. The estimation exploits the model equations derived in this work which constrain calibration parameters and measurements from wheel encoders and sensor odometry. The parameter values are computed through closed-form solutions of least-square estimation. The method has been implemented on Programmable Logic Controllers and tested on industrial AGVs. The developed procedure computes the parameters in about 10−15 minutes, a significant improvement compared with one hour or more required by manual AGV calibration. Experiments with AGVs of various sizes in a warehouse have assessed the accuracy and stability of the proposed approach. The position accuracy achieved by AGVs calibrated with the proposed method is higher than the one achieved by manual calibration.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Calibration,Industrial AGVs,Mobile robots
An AGVS management model utilizing 3D animation techniques	2019	International Journal of Innovative Technology and Exploring Engineering	BEIESP.Background/Objectives: The AGVs used in the manufacturing sector for all types of material transportation related to manufacturing process are highly effective in the environments equipped with repetitive transportation patterns. However, since the User Interface of the AGVs management systems is mostly using a 2D system, it is quite difficult for the general managers to use. Accordingly, in this paper, we intend to propose a 3D animation styled management model which may be easily used by the general managers to enhance the efficiency of the AGVs management. Methods/Statistical analysis: Recently, the development of the semiconductor integrated circuit has sped up the performance of computers, and the processing speed for graphic work has also been accelerated, whereby the application industry is growing, including games and virtual reality. HMI, which is used for industrial purposes, is still generally used in 2D, and a system is operating for some parts to the extent of making them look in 3D with gradation effect. In This paper, we propose a management monitoring system using 3D animation for existing AGVs management system which is represented and managed in 2D. It is expected that AGVs can be used more easily and conveniently because the working conditions of the logistics robot can be directly observed on site through the proposed system. Findings: As the need and level of interest related to the logistics technology have grown, researches on the automation and efficiency of the use of logistics have diversely been performed. However, the previous studies of the AGVs have largely been limited to those related to their own functions and performance improvement, and moving path, while the systems for managing the AGVs are mostly a 2D system. This is because only the users trained to operate the management system are eligible, and since it requires such a considerable amount of training time and effort to control for the general users, we have implemented a transport robot management system enabling motion via a 3D substantive animation whose form is almost identical to that of the onsite situation. The proposed model can create an animation environment as per the requirements of the manager and devise an AGVs operation plan as per the user's work requirements, further to directing the simulation performance for the actual operation and the operation of the AGVs directly. In order to design the optimal AGVs system, the user can create the same environment as the site in advance, validate the design of the AGVs system via inspection through simulation, and supplement and offer alternatives for issues based on the results of the validation process. Improvements/Applications: Following the steep growth of smart factory, future studies would need to be performed on effectively connecting with the manufacturing execution system (MES) in connection with the network within the factory.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Computer Science (all),Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3D Animation,AGVs,Automatic Drive,Control System,IoT
Improvement of RTLS performance using recursive RF active echo algorithm	2019	Advances in Electrical and Electronic Engineering	2019 ADVANCES IN ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONIC ENGINEERING.When it comes to indoor Real-Time Location Systems (RTLS) for an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV), the most important factor is to minimize the location estimation error. In industrial sites, centimetre-level accuracy is required for the AGV. Since the duration for measuring the position of an AGV is slower than the speed of arriving RF signals, the margin of error inevitably becomes larger than in systems that use low-speed media such as ultrasonic waves. To minimize such errors, a short-range location estimation Recursive RF Active Echo (RRFAE) algorithm is presented. Increasing the time ratio by repeatedly and interactively reflecting the signal can reduce measurement error. That is, there is an effect of expanding the measurement distance by the number of iterations. We propose and implement a precise positioning algorithm in an indoor environment where many reflections exist. The error analysis of the RRFAE algorithm after hardware correction shows that the level of the RRFAE’s errors is only one tenth that of an RTLS system that uses other RF signals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Active echo,Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV),Indoor location tracking,Real-Time Location Systems (RTLS)
AGV Robot Based on Computer Vision and Deep Learning	2019	Proceedings of 2019 3rd IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation Sciences, ICRAS 2019	2019 IEEE.AGV is widely used in automation production, and there are some shortcomings in the current research of AGV. An AGV robot based on computer vision and in-depth learning is proposed. The hardware is composed of car body, power supply, driving device, steering device, precise parking device and controller, etc. The software algorithm adopts convolution neural network structure. Through continuous training of the collected image information, the steering angle of the robot is determined, and realize the virtual path navigation and safety protection, Experiments prove the correctness of the algorithm. The system can be widely used in the field of automation, and has a good reference value for the study of artificial intelligence.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Control and Optimization	AGV,computer vision,deep learning,neural network
WIA-FA and Its Applications to Digital Factory: A Wireless Network Solution for Factory Automation	2019	Proceedings of the IEEE	1963-2012 IEEE.Intelligent factory automation systems strongly rely on industrial wireless control networks which have to ensure timely and reliable data exchange among their components. This paper presents a comprehensive survey on recently approved International Electrotechnical Commission standard Wireless networks for Industrial Automation-Factory Automation (WIA-FA). This paper first introduces the system architecture of WIA-FA including network device, network topology, and system management, and then illustrates WIA-FA protocol stack and key technologies. Furthermore, two WIA-FA testbeds are described to demonstrate the high performance of WIA-FA. After that, three examples of practical applications are provided in this paper. One application deploys a WIA-FA network to monitor and control industrial robots in a digital workshop. The second application adopts the deployment of WIA-FA as a real-time wireless network that connects automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a logistic sorting system. The last application coordinates multiple cooperative AGVs via the WIA-FA network to carry large and complex components. Finally, the open issues and future directions for WIA-FA networks are presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),digital workshop,factory automation,industrial robots,industrial wireless control networks,logistics,Wireless networks for Industrial Automation-Factory Automation (WIA-FA)
MPC-Based Path Tracking of Mobile Robots in the Non-Global Coordinate System	2019	Proceedings of the 31st Chinese Control and Decision Conference, CCDC 2019	2019 IEEE.Currently, model predictive control (MPC) is increasingly applied to path tracking. The traditional path tracking controller based on MPC usually controls the mobile robot to track the reference path in the global coordinate system. However, in some conditions, such as underground mining and indoor transportation, non-global coordinates are more easily obtainable than global coordinates. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to propose a model predictive controller that can control the mobile robot to track the reference path in the non-global coordinate system. The controller proposed in this paper is verified by simulation. The results show that the performance of the proposed controller is good. The maximum displacement error is 0.0390m, and the maximum heading error is 0.0778rad. In addition, by replacing the model, the proposed controller can be applied to path tracking of other mobile devices.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Decision Sciences (all),Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	Mobile Robot,Model Predictive Control,Non-Global Coordinate,Path Tracking
Sensor fusion and map establishment for autonomous guided vehicle	2019	Proceedings of the 14th IEEE Conference on Industrial Electronics and Applications, ICIEA 2019	2019 IEEE.The propose of this paper is position tracking and map establishment of Autonomous Guided Vehicle (AGV). Odometry is widely applied to track AGV position but it exists cumulative errors. Map offsets is presence if cumulative errors not corrected immediately. To solve this problem, multi-sensors are fused in this proposal. Firstly, an inertia measurement unit(IMU) is applied for providing the odometry with a correct driving direction. Moreover, the iterative closest point algorithm is applied to match the scanned information of Laser Range Finder(LRF) over time. Meanwhile, the results of scanning registration are used to eliminate odometry errors and updated the new information into global map. In experiment process, a simulation software called Virtual Robot Experiment Platform is firstly used to simulate the proposed algorithm before real experiment. It can make sure the hardware system can work well which will reduce the time on algorithm validation and software fault debugging time of practical testing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Inertia Measurement,Iterative Closest Point Algorithm,Map Establish,Odometry
A fast device transfer technique in small-sized cultural complex: An overview	2019	Proceedings - 18th IEEE/ACIS International Conference on Computer and Information Science, ICIS 2019	2019 IEEEThis paper explores the key technologies for fast conversion in small-sized cultural complex. For the complexity and uncertainty of the building space, a flexible methodology of multi-AGV collaborative operation is introduced to transfer the functional equipment. It is supposed to be disassembled and reconstructed in different environments. In order to solve the scheduling problem of multi-task AGV system joint operations in this complex working environment, this paper proposes three branches; AGV path planning study, multi-task scheduling study, and conflict avoidance study in collaborative work. For those three research fields, this paper explores its related constraints and establish a research framework for fast device transfer technology within the multi-functional small-sized cultural complex. This work will lay the technical foundation for fast conversion of functional equipment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Business and International Management,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computational Mathematics	AGV,Collaborative work,Cultural complex,path planning
Safety and efficiency management in LGV operated warehouses	2019	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2018 The AuthorsIn the industrial world, physical borders between men and machines are vanishing because of the collaborative tasks imposed by the new productive methods. Clearly, this poses safety issues which were not present in classical plants. For example, safety problems naturally arise in the case of autonomously guided industrial vehicles because, for obvious service needs, they share their workspace with human coworkers: only limited physical protections can be adopted. In this context, a speed planner has been recently proposed for the management of the laser guided vehicles operating in automatic warehouses. Such planner does not only generate efficient trajectories, but it also ensures that they are safe. This work describes, after a brief survey on the safety management in automatic warehouses, the tests which were carried out for the experimental validation of the planner. Tests were first executed in a demonstration plant appositely designed and, later, in a real warehouse by considering actual operating conditions. The validation campaign in the production plant lasted several months, thus allowing the acquisition of a consistent amount of statistical data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Jerk bounds,Laser guided vehicles,Real-time,Safety management,Time efficiency,Velocity planner
System design and algorithm implementation of embedded intelligent car	2019	Proceedings of the 14th IEEE Conference on Industrial Electronics and Applications, ICIEA 2019	2019 IEEE.In this paper, a multifunctional intelligent model car is designed and fabricated through hardware and software. Firstly, the MK60FX512VLQ12 chip is used as the core controller, cooperated with detection modules and execution mechanisms. Moreover, the design of software is derived by fuzzy control algorithm and Speed-current double closed loop control system, to optimize their central lines by extracting effective edge data of obstructions, overtaking, corners and vehicle barriers path types, and to improve the stability and accuracy. The intelligent car is capable of detecting surrounding environments, path-selecting, decision-making and assisting driving. Moreover, different circumstances are considered to maximize practicality, such as overtaking, keeping distance between model cars, and avoiding obstacles automatically.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Fuzzy control algorithm,Intelligent car,Path-selecting,Speed-current double closed-loop
Failure-handling strategies for mobile robots in automated warehouses	2019	Proceedings - European Council for Modelling and Simulation, ECMS	ECMS Mauro Iacono, Francesco Palmieri, Marco Gribaudo, Massimo Ficco (Editors).Automated warehouses operated by a fleet of robots not only offer great flexibility, as fleet size can be adjusted easily to throughput requirements, they also provide higher redundancy compared to common solutions for automated storage and retrieval systems. In case a single robot fails, the remaining fleet of robots is able to continue working within the system, so that throughput is only slightly affected. However, adequate strategies are required for this scenario. In this contribution, we present four different approaches to cope with robot downtimes, which are based on the routing of the robots. These strategies are compared by performing a simulation study in which a robotic mobile fulfilment system is considered.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Modeling and Simulation	Automated Warehouses,Discrete Event Simulation,Failure Handling,Mobile Robots,Time Window Routing Method
Application of efficient sfha and tlbo algorithms for cell formation problems in cellular manufacturing environment	2019	International Journal of Mechanical and Production Engineering Research and Development	TJPRC Pvt. Ltd.Cellular Manufacturing (CM) is a basic Group Technology (GT) application that has been utilized in a few true modern applications. The issue of cell arrangement is considered as the principal most critical criteria in the design of Cellular Manufacturing Systems (CMS), so as to limit lead time and setup time to amplify productivity and profitability. In this paper, an efficient Sheep Flock Heredity algorithm (SFHA) and another proficient optimization technique, called Teaching–Learning-Based Optimization (TLBO) are discussed for the advancement of cellular manufacturing issues. That simple genetic algorithm SFHA is referred as multi-level genetic operations, which can obtain good solutions. SFHA algorithm was generally based on the natural change of sheep in the flock. The procedure of Teaching Learning Based Optimization is partitioned into two sections: the initial segment comprises of 'Teacher Phase' and the second part comprises of the 'Learner Phase'. 'Teacher Phase' implies gaining knowledge from the teacher and 'Learner Phase' implies learning by the communication among learners. So in this paper, the main aim is applying SFHA �TLBO algorithms for Cell Formation problems in Cellular Manufacturing Environment. Graphical User Interface (GUI) is developed for both SFHA and TLBO algorithms to solve any size of Cell Formation problem within fraction of seconds to obtain cells with number of Exceptional Elements and Grouping Efficacy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Cellular Manufacturing,Exceptional Elements,Group Technology,Grouping Efficacy
Feature Extraction Method of Indoor Structured Environment Based on Two-Dimensional LiDAR	2019	Proceedings of 2019 3rd IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation Sciences, ICRAS 2019	2019 IEEE.In order to realize the geometric feature extraction of two-dimensional lidar (Light Detection and Ranging) point cloud data in an indoor structured environment. First, the raw data collected by the lidar sensor are subjected to outlier culling processing. Then, a region segmentation method of the point cloud data based on adaptively dynamic threshold is proposed. This proposed method can perform dynamic threshold adjustment according to the adjacent point cloud data from the lidar in real time. The simulation verification results show that the method can effectively detect the division points of the region segmentation and improve the accuracy of the division point detection. Finally, the feature extraction operation of the common line feature and corner feature in the indoor structured environment is carried out. The simulation results show that this method can effectively extract the common two-dimensional geometric features in the indoor structured environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Control and Optimization	feature extraction,lidar,outlier culling,region segmentation,structured environment
Reference path correction for autonomous ground vehicles driving over rough terrain	2019	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2019 IEEE.This paper proposes an online reference path correction algorithm for Autonomous Ground Vehicles (AGVs) driving in unstructured environments. Because the reference path which is not in accord with the road geometry cannot be directly executed by AGV, we use a correction baseline, which represents the road geometry, as the guidance to correct reference path. As the road geometry varies according to the road environment, we use the centerline of drivable area extracted with General Regression Neural Network (GRNN) or optimal path generated by multi-resolution local trajectory planner as the correction baseline to correct the distance and curvature errors of the reference path. The proposed algorithm is tested on our experimental autonomous vehicle in the realistic off-road scenarios. Experimental results demonstrated its capability and efficiency to reduce the search space of the local trajectory planner and improve the robustness of tracking the reference path.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	None
New Photodiode Responsivity Model for RSS-based VLP	2019	2019 Global LIFI Congress, GLC 2019	2019 IEEE.Visible Light Positioning (VLP) might enable auspicious tracking systems, well-suited for low-cost and route-configurable autonomous guided vehicles. Yielding the high accuracy required, necessitates a detailed modelling of a photodiode (PD) receiver's angular characteristics. Still lacking, current RSS-based VLP systems implicitly cope by measuring and (arbitrarily) fitting the received power - distance relation. Upon PD changeover, a recalibration is needed. In this paper, it is shown that adequately modelling the receiver's angular dependencies (i.e. the responsivity) obsoletes the calibrating fit. Hereto, a new responsivity model is proposed, which is a function of the square of the incidence angle rather than its cosine. An extensive measurement set highlights that this model better matches the measured angular characteristics. In terms of the coefficient of determination R2, the new model outscores the baseline Lambertian and generalised Lambertian responsivity models by 1.64% and 0.17% for a Lambertian-like receiver, and by 133% and 1.24% for a non-Lambertian-resembling receiver.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Instrumentation,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	photodiode,propagation modelling,responsivity,RSS,Visible Light Positioning,VLP
Distributed Path Planning of Swarm Mobile Robots	2019	2019 12th Asian Control Conference, ASCC 2019	2019 JSME.This paper is mainly to solve the path planning problem of swarm robots. If swarm robots work in the same environment at the same time, it is necessary to have appropriate planning methods to enable individuals in the group to complete their tasks. The solution is to use the artificial bee colony algorithm for the problem of robot path planning. Because the artificial bee colony algorithm has a high efficiency to solve the optimization problem, it tries to solve the problem of robot path planning in a distributed manner. The concept of organizing robots achieves efficient task of information processing and group working in the environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Mechanical Engineering	artificial bee colony algorithm,distributed planning,path planning,Swarm robots
A study on 3D optimal path planning for quadcopter UAV based on D∗ lite	2019	2019 International Conference on Unmanned Aircraft Systems, ICUAS 2019	2019 IEEE.Since unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) for industries are operated in complex low altitude environments, planning feasible paths is a necessary feature to achieve mission goals. D∗ Lite is applicable for industrial complex that uncertainties exist. This paper focuses on 3D path planning for quadcopter UAV based on D∗ Lite. Simulation results show that the algorithm can be applied in cluttered static and dynamic environments including unknown obstacles. In addition, when some waypoints exist, the proposed algorithm is able to optimize the global path by determining visit order. Therefore, this study is expected to contribute to increase the application of UAVs in industrial fields.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Aerospace Engineering,Control and Optimization	None
A passive component integration device of LCC-compensated inductive power transfer system	2019	PEDG 2019 - 2019 IEEE 10th International Symposium on Power Electronics for Distributed Generation Systems	2019 IEEE.Compared with capacitive power transfer system, inductive power transmission (IPT) system is suitable for electric field coupling at higher frequencies. In the LCC-compensated IPT system, it contains four common mode (CM) inductors, one transformer, two parallel and two series resonant capacitors. However, these passive components occupy a significant space. In order to reduce the volume, an integrated passive device with flexible multi-layer foil (FMLM) integration technology is proposed in this paper. Besides, this paper also introduces the construction, flux analysis and parameter design of the proposed integrated device. Finally, in order to prove the feasibility of the proposed ideas, a simulation model based on Maxwell/Ansoft and a prototype are built for a 2200W-85kHz LCC-compensated IPT device.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	Flexible multi-layer foil integration technique,IPT system,The efficiency of high-power electric transmission
Design of cooperative mobile robots for co-manipulation and transportation tasks	2019	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2019 Elsevier LtdThis paper presents a design methodology for creating cooperative robots capable to manipulate and transport payloads. The strategy is based on tightening a payload between a set of mobile robots called m-bots. A lifting mechanism with two degrees of freedom mounted on each mobile robot allows then to lift the payload and put it on each m-bot top platform to be transported. Structural and dimensional analysis are detailed in order to develop the proposed mechanism. 3D multi-body dynamic software simulation results using different actuation for the lifting mechanism are presented. Experiments based on a developed test-bench and manufactured prototypes allow to validate the lifting process of the payload.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Luxembourg	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cooperative mobile robots,Design of lifting mechanisms,Object manipulation and transportation
An automatic sparse model estimation method guided by constraints that encode system properties	2019	2019 18th European Control Conference, ECC 2019	2019 EUCA.Finding efficient methods to estimate model parameters or build models from time-series data is a central quest in Systems and Synthetic Biology. To aid this search, existing parameter estimation methods were adapted from other fields, or new ones were developed. In this paper, we use the Sparse Bayesian Learning (SBL) framework, which was first developed in the field of signal processing, and implement it as an iterative convex optimization problem. We extend the existing SBL framework to accommodate constraints that enforce certain system properties, such as nonnegative state variables or bounded state trajectories. These properties are vital parts of a dynamical model in biology and chemistry but are often overlooked in the parameter estimation literature. As a result of this work, the extended framework can automatically build 'proper' dynamical models from time-series data. Finally, the examples show that such framework complemented with appropriate constraints can aid the model building process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Instrumentation,Control and Optimization	None
Low-Cost Navigation based on Reinforcement Learning for Autonomous Vehicles	2019	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	2019 IEEE.Existing navigation systems of autonomous vehicles depend significantly on high-precision positioning devices, e.g., GPS and IMU, and detailed environment maps that are known a prior. However, these high-precision positioning devices are generally expensive, and the maps are difficult to be known exactly all the time for large open driving scenarios. In this paper, we propose a "low-cost" navigation framework based on the reinforcement learning. Specifically, we propose a motion planner that computes the continuous front wheel angle with given obstacle information and reference waypoints. Moreover, only imprecise reference waypoints, low-precision positioning devices and low-dimensional obstacle information are necessary. Therefore, this method reduces the cost and thus enhances the popularity of autonomous vehicles. Simulation results show that the vehicle can be successfully navigated to the destination with obstacle avoidance in the adversary localization environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Real world modeling and design of novel simulator for affective computing inspired autonomous vehicle	2019	2019 15th International Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing Conference, IWCMC 2019	2019 IEEE.Since years, road collisions are a public issue which needs to be dealt. In this regard, the researchers have worked on developing autonomous vehicles. In this way, the number of collisions have been reduced to a great extent. But their is a need to develop the autonomous simulator which helps to pretest the autonomous vehicles in different road scenarios before launching them in the market. Hence, in this research work, we propose an autonomous simulator which helps to pre-train the autonomous vehicles in the real world. The effectiveness of the simulator has been proved through performing extensive experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Pakistan	3	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Autonomous simulator,Autonomous vehicles,Collision avoidance,Collision detection,Stoping side distance
Fuzzy robust backstepping with estimation for the control of a robot manipulator	2019	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	The Author(s) 2018.In this study, a new fuzzy robust backstepping controller with estimation is proposed for the control of a robot manipulator. Backstepping control is preferred because the Lyapunov function that is used in stability analysis and the feedback control law that is used for control purpose are defined systematically during controller design. Fuzzy logic units are designed to update the gains of the backstepping controller. Then, the proposed controller is applied to a robot manipulator that is to track a trajectory in a three-dimensional space while it is subjected to external disturbances and parameter variations. The numerical results demonstrate and verify the successful performance of the proposed controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	1	Instrumentation	external disturbance,fuzzy logic,parameter uncertainty,robot manipulator,Robust backstepping control
Intelligent search, rescue, and disaster recovery via internet of things	2019	Global IoT Summit, GIoTS 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.In this paper, we study the challenge of enabling an intelligent search, rescue, and disaster recovery operation via Internet of Things (IoT). This paper i) provides a practical research framework to study intelligent search, rescue, and disaster recovery missions, ii) reviews necessary fundamental machine learning algorithms required in object detection and path planning for intelligent search and rescue missions, and iii) demonstrates the feasibility of the proposed architecture using a proof-of-concept hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulator framework to support a specific rescue mission scenario. We present the IoT architecture for search, rescue, and disaster recovery missions and verify it by developing a proof-of-concept prototype.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Geography, Planning and Development,Hardware and Architecture	Internet of Things,Machine Learning,Object Detection,Path Planning,Resource Allocation,UAV
Artificial intelligence in path planning for autonomous bulldozers: Comparison with manual operation	2019	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	2019, ICIC International.Komatsu Ltd. is reinforcing the R&D of automation technology for our earth-movers. Based on this trend, a path planning methodology for autonomous bull- dozers is proposed and developed. This methodology autonomously plans an efficient path depending on a given terrain specification. Conventional existing path planning algorithms are designed versatilely, typically by using a grid-based map. However, in reality, a sub- stantial effort is still required when applying to specific industry products. In contrast to this trend, the aim of this work is to develop a path planning algorithm specifically suitable for our bulldozers, from the theory development phase. The novel path planning method- ology was developed by incorporating industry feedback, and has successfully resolved the issues which occurred when attempting to apply the existing planning methodologies. This paper also demonstrates that, compared to experienced manual operation, the developed methodology performs equally in simple terrains, and outperforms in complex terrain. An optimization with many different factors involved is also presented to theoretically show the efficient operation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Artificial intelligence,Automation,Autonomous bulldozers,Motion plan- ning,Path planning
Heuristics for two depot heterogeneous unmanned vehicle path planning to minimize maximum travel cost	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.A solution to the multiple depot heterogeneous traveling salesman problem with a min-max objective is in great demand with many potential applications of unmanned vehicles, as it is highly related to a reduction in the job completion time. As an initial idea for solving the min-max multiple depot heterogeneous traveling salesman problem, new heuristics for path planning problem of two heterogeneous unmanned vehicles are proposed in this article. Specifically, a task allocation and routing problem of two (structurally) heterogeneous unmanned vehicles that are located in distinctive depots and a set of targets to visit is considered. The unmanned vehicles, being heterogeneous, have different travel costs that are determined by their motion constraints. The objective is to find a tour for each vehicle such that each target location is visited at least once by one of the vehicles while the maximum travel cost is minimized. Two heuristics based on a primal-dual technique are proposed to solve the cases where the travel costs are symmetric and asymmetric. The computational results of the implementation have shown that the proposed algorithms produce feasible solutions of good quality within relatively short computation times.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Min-max traveling salesman problem,Multi-robot task allocation,Path planning,Primal-dual heuristic
Introduction to simultaneous localization and mapping	2019	Journal of Robotics and Mechatronics	2019, Fuji Technology Press. All rights reserved.Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) forms the core of the technology that supports mobile robots. With SLAM, when a robot is moving in an actual environment, real world information is imported to a computer on the robot via a sensor, and robot’s physical location and a map of its surrounding environment of the robot are created. SLAM is a major topic in mobile robot research. Although the information, supported by a mathematical description, is derived from a space in reality, it is formulated based on a probability theory when being handled. Therefore, this concept contributes not only to the research and development concerningmobile robots, but also to the training of mathematics and computer implementation, aimed mainly at position estimation and map creation for the mobile robots. This article focuses on the SLAM technology, including a brief overview of its history, insights from the author, and, finally, introduction of a specific example that the author was involved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	3	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous mobile robot,Localization,Mapping,Probabilistic process,SLAM
Interval-based/data-driven risk management for intelligent vehicles: Application to an adaptive cruise control system	2019	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	2019 IEEE.In this work, a novel interval-based/data-driven safety verification technique is introduced for Intelli-Gent/Autonomous Vehicles (I/AV). The interval arithmetic is adopted to enhance the reliability of the analytical models used for the autonomous navigation. Furthermore, a data-driven technique, which monitors the correlation relating variables of the modeled system, is adopted to ameliorate the uncertainty assessment. In such a manner, tight bounds of safety margins are obtained. To provide reliable safety verification, the proposed risk management approach has been integrated on an Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) system. It permits to detect erroneous uncertainty estimation of an Extended Kalman Filter (EKF). Simulation results prove the overall risk management efficiency and its ability to handle uncertainties.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	1	Computer Science Applications,Automotive Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	None
Robust Adaptive Triple-Step Control for Lane-Keeping of Autonomous Ground Vehicles	2019	2019 12th Asian Control Conference, ASCC 2019	2019 JSME.Active steering control for lane keeping is a significant technique applied for autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs). This paper addresses a problem of high-accuracy control for lane keeping of AGVs subject to time-varying vehicle speed and parameter uncertainties. A robust adaptive triple-step nonlinear control scheme is presented. In this strategy, a nonlinear reference generator is designed to generate a virtual reference signal. Then, a robust triple-step nonlinear controller with adaptive update laws is then proposed for lane keeping of AGVs. It is shown by the Lyapunov stability analysis that the lateral offset of AGV is input-to-state (ISS) in the presence of bounded perturbation of tire stiffness coefficient. The effectiveness of the approach is verified on a high-fidelity full-vehicle model constructed in veDYNA and MATLAB/Simulink.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Mechanical Engineering	None
Complex Reachability Trees and Their Application to Deadlock Detection for Unbounded Petri Nets	2019	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.Deadlock detection plays an important role in the analysis of system behavior. Several kinds of reachability trees have been proposed to analyze Petri net properties including deadlock freedom. However, existing reachability trees can only solve the deadlock detection problem of bounded or some special kinds of unbounded Petri nets. To increase the applicable scope of reachability trees in the deadlock detection field, this paper presents a new type of reachability trees called complex reachability tree (CRT). Different from others, transition sequences corresponding to root-started paths of cyclic CRTs are always firable from the initial marking. The proposed trees can completely solve the deadlock detection problem of ω -gone node-free Petri nets, but cannot guarantee to detect all the deadlocks for the other kinds of unbounded Petri nets. Their construction method and applications are presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Complex reachability tree (CRT),deadlock detection,Petri nets,reachability tree
An enhanced estimation of distribution algorithm for energy-efficient job-shop scheduling problems with transportation constraints	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Nowadays, the manufacturing industry faces the challenge of reducing energy consumption and the associated environmental impacts. Production scheduling is an effective approach for energy-savings management. During the entire workshop production process, both the processing and transportation operations consume large amounts of energy. To reduce energy consumption, an energy-efficient job-shop scheduling problem (EJSP) with transportation constraints was proposed in this paper. First, a mixed-integer programming model was established to minimize both the comprehensive energy consumption and makespan in the EJSP. Then, an enhanced estimation of distribution algorithm (EEDA) was developed to solve the problem. In the proposed algorithm, an estimation of distribution algorithm was employed to perform the global search and an improved simulated annealing algorithm was designed to perform the local search. Finally, numerical experiments were implemented to analyze the performance of the EEDA. The results showed that the EEDA is a promising approach and that it can solve EJSP effectively and efficiently.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Energy consumption,Estimation of distribution algorithm,Job-shop scheduling,Transportation time
An enhanced L-Shaped method for optimizing periodic-review inventory control problems modeled via two-stage stochastic programming	2019	European Journal of Operational Research	2018 Elsevier B.V.This paper presents the development of an enhanced L-Shaped method applied to an inventory management problem that considers a replenishment control system based on the periodic review (R, S) policy. We consider single-item one-echelon problems with uncertain demands and partial backorder that are modeled using two-stage stochastic programming. To enable the consideration of large-scale problems, the classical single-cut L-Shaped method and its extended multi-cut form were initially applied. Preliminary computational results indicated that the classical L-Shaped method outperformed its multi-cut counterpart, even though the former required more iterations to converge to the optimal solution. This observation inspired the development of the techniques presented for enhancing the L-Shape method, which consist of the combination of a novel acceleration technique with an efficient formulation and valid inequalities for the proposed model. Numerical experiments suggest that the proposed approach significantly reduced the computational time required to solve large-scale problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	2	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Inventory control,L-Shaped method,Partial backordering,Stochastic programming,Uncertain demand
Safety analysis for vehicle guidance systems with dynamic fault trees	2019	Reliability Engineering and System Safety	2019 Elsevier LtdThis paper considers the design-phase safety analysis of vehicle guidance systems. The proposed approach constructs dynamic fault trees (DFTs) to model a variety of safety concepts and E/E architectures for drive automation. The fault trees can be used to evaluate various quantitative measures by means of model checking. The approach is accompanied by a large-scale evaluation: The resulting DFTs with up to 300 elements constitute larger-than-before DFTs, yet the concepts and architectures can be evaluated in a matter of minutes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	8	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dynamic fault trees,Hardware partitioning,Model checking
Comparison of automatic and guided learning for Bayesian networks to analyse pipe failures in the water distribution system	2019	Reliability Engineering and System Safety	2019The reliability of the water distribution system is critical to maintaining a secure supply for the population, industry and agriculture, so there is a need for proactive maintenance to help reduce water loss and down times. Bayesian networks are one approach to modelling the complexity of water mains, to assist water utility companies in planning maintenance. This paper compares and analyses how accurately the Bayesian network structure can be derived given a large and highly variable dataset. Method one involved using automated learning algorithms to build the Bayesian network, while method two involved a guided method using a combination of historic failure data, prior knowledge and pre-modelling data exploration of the water mains. By understanding common failure types (circumferential, longitudinal, pinhole and joint), the guided learning Bayesian Network was able to capture the interactions of the surrounding soil environment with the physical properties of pipes. The Bayesian network built using data exploration and literature was able to achieve an overall accuracy of 81.2% when predicting the specific type of water mains failure compared to the 84.4% for the automated method. The slightly greater accuracy from the automated method was traded for a sparser Bayes net where the interpretation of the interactions between the variables was clearer and more meaningful.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	5	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Asset management,Bayesian networks,Infrastructure,Reliability,Statistics,Water
Analysis of operations upon entry into intermodal freight terminals	2019	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.The design of intermodal freight terminals requires extensive research and a thorough analysis of the technical, financial and organizational aspects. In the paper, the operation of the reposition of large cargo containers (one of the types of intermodal transport units, ITUs) on the dedicated places is subjected to a discussion. The analysis is carried out with the use of a vehicle equipped with a telescopic arm, such as a reach stacker. The considered storage facility is reduced to a block characterized by spatial accumulation given in the paper. The description of the procedure for the execution of the handling operation from the arrival of a tractor-trailer with a container into a terminal, followed by the ITUs being set aside in a dedicated place and, in the end, the departure of the truck without load, is given in the paper. The activities are described in detail in order to present a descriptive model of particular operations upon entry to the intermodal freight terminal. Moreover, the paper contains relevant figures illustrating the various steps of realization and the analysis of duration of activities supported by actual realizations. The durations of the individual activities described in the paper are experimental, and the results have been validated on real-world intermodal freight terminals. Therefore, the authors believe that the obtained values may be used in analytical, simulation and numerical models of intermodal freight terminals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Container,Inland intermodal freight terminal,Intermodal terminal,Intermodal transport,Intermodal transport unit,Land container terminal,Reach stacker
Analysis of critical drivers affecting implementation of agent technology in a manufacturing system	2019	Journal of Industrial Engineering International	2018, The Author(s).Technological advancement in the manufacturing system in current scenario is inevitable due to today’s customer-driven and volatile nature of the market. Implementation of agent technology in a manufacturing system increases flexibility which handles uncertainty generated due to advance technology. Therefore, in this paper, the critical drivers affecting implementation of agent technology are identified and the relationships among them are analysed for a case study of a manufacturing system in an Indian steering wheel manufacturing company. Interpretive structural modelling (ISM) is used to provide binary relationships among identified critical drivers (CDs), while MICMAC approach describes sensitive analysis of driving and dependence behaviour of CDs. The classification of the drivers affecting agent technology and their relationships according to ISM-MICMAC approach provides importance to this study. A structural model is developed for providing rank to the identified critical drivers, and driving-dependent power diagram is presented for analysing the behaviour of different critical drivers with respect to others. The identification of the most influential CDs that lead to increase the effect of other drivers is the major finding of this study. Finally, the implication of this research for the industries is also described.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agent technology (AT),Critical drivers (CDs),Interpretive structural modelling (ISM),Manufacturing system,MICMAC analysis
On a maximally permissive deadlock prevention policy for automated manufacturing systems by using resource-oriented Petri nets	2019	ISA Transactions	2018 ISAIt is theoretically and practically significant to synthesize a maximally permissive (optimal) controller to prevent deadlocks in an automated manufacturing system (AMS). With an AMS being modeled with Petri nets, by the existing methods, integer linear programming (ILP) problems are usually formulated and solved to obtain optimal policies by forbidding illegal markings at the same time no legal marking is excluded. Without an efficient technique for solving an ILP, such a method is usually computationally prohibitive. A resource-oriented Petri net (ROPN) is employed to model a class of AMS for resolving the deadlock control problem with maximal permissiveness in this paper. Efficient methods are developed to figure out the key structures in an ROPN model for deadlock prevention. Based on the structural properties of ROPN models, this work explores several types of illegal markings that can be prohibited optimally by structural analysis. For these markings, a deadlock prevention policy can be derived in an algebraic way without solving a notorious ILP problem. For the other markings, linear programming (LP), instead of ILP, approaches are developed to forbid them optimally. Thus, a maximally permissive controller can be developed while the computational cost is reduced greatly. The proposed methods are verified by typical examples in the literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Deadlock prevention,Maximally permissive controller,Resource-oriented Petri net
Variational principle of least psychomotor action: Modelling effects on action from disturbances in psychomotor work involving human, cyborg, and robot workers	2019	Entropy	2019 by the authors.Optimal psychomotor work can be expressed in terms of the principle of least psychomotor action (PLPA). Modelling psychomotor action encompasses modelling workers, work, and interactions between them that involve different types of situated entropy. Modelling of psychomotor workers encompasses three types of workers: human, cyborg, and robot. The type of worker and the type of work interact to affect positioning actions, performing actions, and perfecting actions undertaken in psychomotor tasks. There are often disturbances in psychomotor work, for example due to weather conditions, which have a determining influence on what work can be undertaken with least psychomotor action by different types of workers. In this paper, findings are reported from a study focused on the modelling disturbances in psychomotor work. Five contributions are provided. First, a heuristic framework for modelling disturbances and their effects is provided. In addition to PLPA and situated entropy, this framework encompasses Markov processes, the theory of perturbations, and calculus of variations. Second, formulae and ratios are provided for heuristic modelling of effects on internal action (Sint) from disturbances to psychomotor work. Third, formulae and ratios are provided for heuristic modelling of effects on external action (Se). Fourth, examples are provided of heuristic modelling of disturbances in psychomotor work. Fifth, formulae and examples show how task complexity can be modelled heuristically in terms of microstates across the cyber domain and the physical domain of cyber-physical systems. Overall, the study reported in this paper addresses variational aspects of PLPA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Finland	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Artificial intelligence,Autonomous,Craft,Cyber-physical systems,Cyborg,Digitalization,Human,Industrial,Manual work,Markov chains,Microstates,Perturbation theory,Psychomotor,Robot,Situated entropy,Skills,Work,Worker
Applications of Bayesian networks and Petri nets in safety, reliability, and risk assessments: A review	2019	Safety Science	2019 Elsevier LtdSystem safety, reliability and risk analysis are important tasks that are performed throughout the system life-cycle to ensure the dependability of safety-critical systems. Probabilistic risk assessment (PRA) approaches are comprehensive, structured and logical methods widely used for this purpose. PRA approaches include, but not limited to, Fault Tree Analysis (FTA), Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA), and Event Tree Analysis (ETA). Growing complexity of modern systems and their capability of behaving dynamically make it challenging for classical PRA techniques to analyse such systems accurately. For a comprehensive and accurate analysis of complex systems, different characteristics such as functional dependencies among components, temporal behaviour of systems, multiple failure modes/states for components/systems, and uncertainty in system behaviour and failure data are needed to be considered. Unfortunately, classical approaches are not capable of accounting for these aspects. Bayesian networks (BNs) have gained popularity in risk assessment applications due to their flexible structure and capability of incorporating most of the above mentioned aspects during analysis. Furthermore, BNs have the ability to perform diagnostic analysis. Petri Nets are another formal graphical and mathematical tool capable of modelling and analysing dynamic behaviour of systems. They are also increasingly used for system safety, reliability and risk evaluation. This paper presents a review of the applications of Bayesian networks and Petri nets in system safety, reliability and risk assessments. The review highlights the potential usefulness of the BN and PN based approaches over other classical approaches, and relative strengths and weaknesses in different practical application scenarios.	Journal	j	re	Review	United Kingdom	32	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Safety Research,Public Health, Environmental and Occupational Health	Bayesian networks,Petri nets,Reliability analysis,Risk assessment,Safety analysis
Proposal of a method to detect size of overlapping cardboard boxes using plural lightings	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.The introduction of automatic guided vehicles is increasing in the world. However, it has a big problem of dropping luggage. As a method for preventing this, the automatic guided vehicle itself is required to measure the arrangement and size of the load and to automatically run according to the state of the load. As loads of automatic guided vehicles, cardboard boxes are well used and they are stacked up. In such a case, it is difficult to recognize the overlapping of objects by image processing, because the colors of them are similar. In order to solve this problem, a plurality of high-performance cameras are required, but it costs. In this study, the four illuminations are turned on one by one . The four images are captured by a camera located to top side. The shadows of object are formed around it, so it is possible to easily extract the edge of object. To detect edge, we practice image processing. Contrast adjustment is practiced to the captured four images as preprocessing. Next, the four images are synthesized to one image. After the binalization, the edge is extracted. Since the shadow exists around object, we can extract the edge easily. From the extracted edge, it is possible to detect the size of object overlapping. Actually, we practiced some experiments. Four boxes with different sizes were prepared. Their colors are all the same. In the conventional method, when the boxes overlapped, it was not possible to detect the upper box. However, with this method, even when the boxes overlap, it was possible to correctly detect the size of all the boxes. The detection error is less than 5%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Automatic guided vehicle,Detection,Illumination,Image processing,Measurement,Overlapping,Size
Optimization Method of Agricultural Robot Path Planning in Complex Environment 复杂环境下农业机器人路径规划优化方法	2019	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2019, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.Aiming at the problem that the mobile robot operating in complex outdoor environment reduced work completion rate due to energy limitation because of consume excessive energy when moving along the shortest paths on uneven terrains which often consisted of rapid elevation changes, an improved heuristic search algorithm called ECA* algorithm was proposed, which can optimize energy loss of the path when resources were limited. Firstly, the distance traveled and the energy lost by the robot were calculated by the establishment of robot distance-energy loss model, which can also evaluate the future path and the energy consumption trend. Then, the distance-energy loss model was brought into the heuristic cost function based on the traditional A* algorithm and the extended sub-node was searched for the optimal path. In each iteration process, the path at the disadvantage was eliminated by comparison to ensure the efficiency of the algorithm. Finally, the energy loss of different paths searched by the improved algorithm as well as the traditional A* algorithm was compared though the design of simulation experiment. The improved algorithm can reduce the energy consumption by 14.87% through the simulated calculation which verified the effectiveness of the improved algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agricultural robot,Complex environment,Heuristic search,Optimal energy consumption,Path planning
Pallet Picking Path Planning of Intelligent Forklift Based on B-spline Curve 基于B样条曲线的智能叉车托盘拾取路径规划研究	2019	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2019, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.In the structured operation environment, the application of warehouse automation equipment can greatly improve the operation efficiency. But in general, there is a lot of uncertainty in the warehouse. For example, the position and pose of the pallets in the warehouse have large uncertainty. Applying the RGB-D sensor and lidar sensor, the pallet pose and position can be estimated. After pallet recognition, forklift utilizing path planning technology can achieve picking up the pallet independently in dried fruit workspace, which improves the flexibility of the forklift. Taking the forklift with non-integrity constraint characteristics as the research object, a pallet picking path planning method was proposed based on uniform cubic B-spline curve. Considering the multiple constraints in pallet picking process, such as minimum turning radius of the forklift, start-point and endpoint constraints and the curvature continuity constraint, the objective function of path curvature minimization was established. The related curve parameters needed to be optimized were solved by the optimization toolbox in Matlab. The simulation results showed that for different pallet picking scenarios, the proposed method can obtain a feasible path with continuous curvature. The steering wheel angle of the planning path did not exceed the maximum of the forklift. In the warehouse, the path planning and tracking test were carried out. In the scenario where the driving distance was 6 500 mm, the lateral offset distance was 1 500 mm, and the angle offset was 15°, the results showed that at the end point of path, the transverse offset error of the path tracking was 4.71 cm and the heading angle error was 9.6×10-3 rad. The feasibility of the algorithm was verified, and it can be applied in similar large warehouse intelligent vehicles. The research can provide reference for the path planning of forklift in automated warehousing operation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Intelligent forklift,Minimum curvature,Multiple constraints,Pallet picking,Path planning,Uniform cubic B-spline curve
Path Optimization Method Using Fusion Depth Information and Nonlinear Pose Estimation 基于融合深度信息的自动喷雾车全局非线性轨迹优化方法	2019	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2019, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.In the agricultural field spray application process, the traditional human spray, because of large amount of labor, toxic to human body, was gradually replaced by other spray methods. One of the most popular methods is the smart spray of mobile cars. For autonomous driving vehicles applied with intelligent variable spray, the detection and accurate positioning of feature points play an important role in autonomous driving of robots. Feature detection is equivalent to the eyes of the car to obtain plant information, road condition. Accurate positioning is equivalent to the brain of the car. After the car acquires color information and depth information, it finds its exact position and guides the car to drive independently. In the process of continuous development of the visual synchronous localization algorithm of self-propelled vehicle, the traditional path optimization based on the traditional filtering form has the phenomenon of poor positioning accuracy and floating point drift. For the stable running of the car, precise spray has a great impact. To solve this problem, a method of global nonlinear optimization with depth information was proposed. The RealSense camera was used to obtain continuous color and depth information frames in real time. Firstly, through the continuous color information frames obtained, the FAST feature points of the overlapped part were extracted, the scale invariance and rotation invariance were optimized, and the BRIEF description was calculated to obtain the feature description of two consecutive key frame repetition regions. Then, feature matching was performed by the nearest neighbor algorithm, and Nanoflann algorithm was used to accelerate the matching process. After obtaining the matching point pair of continuous key frames, the minimum distance method was used to screen the mismatched points, and the random sampling consistency method (RANSAC) based on the basic matrix was used to test the matching point pair. After eliminating the false match and obtaining the correct match point, PnP was used to calculate the pose change of continuous key frames, calculate the residual error, and build the incremental equation. Dogleg algorithm was used to estimate the pose of continuous key frames for multiple iterations and optimization to obtain the precise pose of spray car. At the same time, in the process of calculating the residual error iterative optimization, the bit-pose calculated by the RealSense acquisition depth information and the bit-pose calculated by the polar constraint solution were integrated into the iterative optimization. Compared with the single depth information correction mode, the algorithm effectively improved the positioning accuracy of the car. When the depth information collection was lost, the polar constraint compensated the process of vehicle posture estimation, and improved the robustness of accurate real-time acquisition of vehicle track.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Depth information,Fusion,Nonlinear optimization,ORB algorithm,Spray car,Trajectory estimation
Towards the Accuracy Improvement of a Mobile Robot for Large Parts Sanding	2019	Proceedings - 2019 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics, ICM 2019	2019 IEEE.Recently, Naval industries explore ways to help workers with their activities. A mobile robot, including an automated guided vehicle and an industrial robot, is currently developed to address sanding of large parts. In this paper, we address the accuracy improvement of a mobile robot. The AGV, due to the industrial robot movement on his top, shows unwanted behavior and a positioning error of various millimeters due to the prismatic joints. Then, its behavior is identified with a theoretical approach and by measurement. Ways are then explored to validate the observation (camera and inertial system) to detect the unwanted movement. Perspectives are addressed to improve the accuracy of the mobile robot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	accuracy analysis,camera,checkerboard,identification,inertial system,Mobile robot,sanding
Adaptive Production Control in a Modular Assembly System Based on Partial Look-Ahead Scheduling	2019	Proceedings - 2019 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics, ICM 2019	2019 IEEE.An increase in the number of product variants drives the automotive industry slowly to replace assembly lines with more flexible modular production systems. In a modular system, every product variant seeks its route through the modular stations depending on the needed operations. Automated guided vehicles handle the transport of materials. To utilize these routing flexibility advantages of modular assembly systems and to make the necessary decisions in the system, new control approaches are necessary. Trying to optimize the production flow globally is complex and therefore limited by computing power. This work presents a new approach that reduces complexity by using partial schedules. The algorithm concept is as follows: it regularly reads the current production status, optimizes the system globally by looking ahead for a certain period of time and decides by concluding an optimal partial schedule for the modular production system. The optimization is done by a genetic algorithm. For evaluation purposes, a modular assembly system for electric drives from the German automotive industry is used. In conclusion, the presented approach fully utilizes the flexibility given by the evaluation example, while reducing the complexity of the production control problem. Though, further investigations are necessary.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicles,cyber-physical systems,genetic algorithm,intelligent manufacturing,modular assembly system,production control,production planning,scheduling
Using a genetic algorithm to schedule the space-constrained AGV-based prefabricated bathroom units manufacturing system	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In this article, scheduling problem of a space-constrained AGV-based prefabricated bathroom units (PBU) manufacturing system is addressed. Space becomes a key resource to this manufacturing system because a very large space is required to accommodate the settling units as well as the queues. Although line balancing helps to reduce the queues, the system is still prone to deadlock due to limited space. Hence, in order to prevent deadlock situations, the production start times of PBUs have to be controlled. A genetic algorithm is proposed with the objective to decide operation for each workstation and to choose a start time for each PBU. The project duration is minimised while satisfying precedence relations and resource availabilities. A rule-based simulation approach is used to estimate the fitness value of every GA chromosomes. At last, the experiment based on data from an industrial project shows that the proposed algorithm has the potential to guide the real practice.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV-based manufacturing system,flow process,genetic algorithms,prefabricated bathroom unit,space-constrained scheduling
Supply chain reconfiguration opportunities arising from additive manufacturing technologies in the digital era	2019	Production Planning and Control	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The aim of this study is to explore the impact of additive manufacturing (AM) technologies on the configuration opportunities of supply chains (SCs) within the digital manufacturing era. To this effect, we first conduct a critical taxonomy of existing research efforts and then propose an integrated decision-making process for the design and management of SCs defined by digital manufacturing technologies. Following, we provide an integrated framework for future SC reconfiguration opportunities arising from the adoption of AM on a supply network setting. Our analysis demonstrates the significant ramifications of AM techniques on SC configuration and sustainability performance as opposed to conventional value networks; however, existing research is evidently limited due to scope related challenges and the inherent complexity at the manufacturing echelon of the respective supply networks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	6	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Additive manufacturing,critical taxonomy,digital manufacturing,hierarchical decision-making process,supply chain reconfiguration framework
On Designing Near-Optimum Paths on Weighted Regions for an Intelligent Vehicle	2019	International Journal of Intelligent Transportation Systems Research	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This paper describes an approach for designing a (near-)optimum path for an intelligent vehicle which is moving in an urban environment cluttered with weighted regions. The vehicle is requested to move from its depot, passing through a predefined set of customers and return back to its depot. In the proposed approach, first, using an image of the Urban environment, we apply the A-star algorithm in order to construct a distance matrix between the depot and the customers and between the customers. Then, a Genetic Algorithm with special encoding is used to search for a near-optimum solution. The objective consists of designing a (near-)optimum path for an intelligent vehicle so that all the customers are served as soon as possible while simultaneously respects the kinematical constraints of the vehicle and the linked constraints of the customers e.g. the time windows. The efficiency of the developed method is investigated and discussed through characteristic simulated experiments concerning a variety of operating weighted regions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Neuroscience (all),Information Systems,Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Intelligent transportation systems,Intelligent vehicle,Near-optimum paths,Urban environment,Weighted regions
Taxi dispatching strategies with compensations	2019	Expert Systems with Applications	2019 Elsevier LtdUrban mobility efficiency is of utmost importance in big cities. Taxi vehicles are key elements in daily traffic activity. The advance of ICT and geo-positioning systems has given rise to new opportunities for improving the efficiency of taxi fleets in terms of waiting times of passengers, cost and time for drivers, traffic density, CO2 emissions, etc., by using more informed, intelligent dispatching. Still, the explicit spatial and temporal components, as well as the scale and, in particular, the dynamicity of the problem of pairing passengers and taxis in big towns, render traditional approaches for solving standard assignment problem useless for this purpose, and call for intelligent approximation strategies based on domain-specific heuristics. Furthermore, taxi drivers are often autonomous actors and may not agree to participate in assignments that, though globally efficient, may not be sufficently beneficial for them individually. This paper presents a new heuristic algorithm for taxi assignment to customers that considers taxi reassignments if this may lead to globally better solutions. In addition, as such new assignments may reduce the expected revenues of individual drivers, we propose an economic compensation scheme to make individually rational drivers agree to proposed modifications in their assigned clients. We carried out a set of experiments, where several commonly used assignment strategies are compared to three different instantiations of our heuristic algorithm. The results indicate that our proposal has the potential to reduce customer waiting times in fleets of autonomous taxis, while being also beneficial from an economic point of view.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	7	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Coordination,Dynamic fleet management,Dynamic optimization,Multi-agent systems,Open systems,Taxi assignment
Energy Efficiency Analysis on Robotic Mobile Fulfillment System	2019	2019 IEEE 6th International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Applications, ICIEA 2019	2019 IEEE.Different from the well-known objectives (minimizing travel time or maximizing throughput), we proposed the energy efficiency model for robotic mobile fulfillment system (RFMS) based on the force and work analysis of robot. The factors related on reducing energy consumption including batch size, storage strategies and locations of workstations are investigated by simulation. From the simulation result based on different viewpoints, we obtain the following findings. Smaller batch size is preferred in terms of turnover time, but the larger batch size is preferred in energy efficiency. The full-turnover storage strategy significantly outperforms the random and class-based storage strategies. And storing items with high turnover rates nearby the workstation is beneficial for both operation efficiency and energy efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	energy efficiency,mechanical model,robotic mobile fulfillment system
Smart resource planning for live migration in edge computing for industrial scenario	2019	Proceedings - 2019 7th IEEE International Conference on Mobile Cloud Computing, Services, and Engineering, MobileCloud 2019	2019 IEEE.Future factory automation systems are expected to process vast amounts of data and orchestrate complex cyber-physical components. This involves devices such as autonomous guided vehicles and augmented reality glasses that are inherently mobile. Edge Computing (EC) is a promising approach to address the requirements set by upcoming industrial systems. However, the combination of distributed edge network and multiple mobile devices gives rise to the need for live migration. Migration of multiple services in parallel demands for an intelligent allocation of network resources. This paper describes a dynamic algorithm to perform smart allocation of resources for live migration on demand. In addition to maintaining the Quality of Service requirements of the end devices, it also maintains the network overhead due to live migration low. We evaluate the performance of our algorithm using a discrete-event network simulator.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Edge computing,Factory automation,Live migration,Scheduling
Design of Automated Guided Vehicle for Conveying Objects	2019	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.STC90C516RD + microcontroller was chosen as the core controller of AGV. The magnetic line was detected by Hall sensor, the tracking function of AGV is realized, the ultrasonic ranging function was used to avoid obstacles, and the differential steering of the car was realized by using the output PWM wave, after installation and debugging, AGV can basically achieve the requirement of conveying objects.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Investigating automation and AGV in healthcare logistics: a case study based approach	2019	International Journal of Logistics Research and Applications	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In France, as in numerous countries, healthcare organisations are undergoing major transformations, leading them to rationalise their resources and optimize their flows. In this context, automation can play an important role, enabling value creation and patient satisfaction. Previous research has mainly focused on the technological aspects of automation, neglecting the organisational issues related to the implementation of this innovation and particularly the management of the hospital staff, including logistics personnel, involved within the organisational change process. The aim of this article is, at least, to partly address this gap within the literature, and to propose, based on an exploratory case study, an analysis grid of the challenges and changes in terms of logistics flows (pharmaceutical, waste, laundry, etc.) that impact staff involved in managing these flows in a hospital context. Our results highlight the importance and necessity of anticipating the building and deployment of new knowledge and skills in order to efficiently and effectively design and manage automated logistics flows with AGV system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	4	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,automation,exploratory case study,healthcare organisation,Logistics
A simple and robust Monte Carlo hybrid local search algorithm for the facility location problem	2019	Engineering Optimization	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In this article, a new Monte Carlo hybrid local search algorithm (Hyb-LS) is proposed for solving the uncapacitated facility location problem. Hyb-LS is based on repeated sampling using two local search strategies based on best improvement and randomized neighbourhood search. A major advantage of Hyb-LS for its practical use is that the number of restarts is its only parameter to tune. The algorithm is also simple to reimplement, scalable and robust to changes in coefficients within a problem instance. The stopping criterion for local search is learned automatically. Experimental results are presented for four representative and contrasting cost and distance models. The results obtained by Hyb-LS are compared to the optimal or near-optimal solutions found by a mixed integer linear programming (MILP) solver with a generous time limit. For three out of the four models, Hyb-LS obtains better solutions than the upper bound found by the MILP solver for at least one instance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	1	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Facility location problem,hybrid local search,metaheuristics,Monte Carlo methods,scalable optimization
Cheap automated guided vehicles - Concept and experiments	2019	Proceedings of the 2019 20th International Carpathian Control Conference, ICCC 2019	2019 IEEE.The robotic platforms used for ensure the transfer of the semi-finished product within a company are proven to be useful compared to conventional conveyor systems through flexibility, reliability, fast maintenance with a much higher degree of reservation than other systems, but especially through the possibility of fast reconfigurability in line with the current market economy requirements. The present paper addresses this reality in conjunction with a real situation identified within a company, going through all the specific stages, from the concept to the physical implementation of the prototype. Successfully experienced solution by the authors has focused not only on satisfying the requirements imposed by the concept, but also to identifying cheap, easy-to-buy components by any company. Thus, certain components of a usual Segways and control subsystem that can be quickly purchased through on-line commerce (shields and controllers from the Arduino family) are used. At the end of the article, the conclusions outlined propose potential beneficiaries a number of possibilities to extend the proposed concept, along with a procedure for selecting the main components that are part of the CAGY.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	0	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Arduino,Automated Guided Vehicles,Control
A novel scheduling method for automated guided vehicles in workshop environments	2019	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2019.At present, the commonly used task scheduling methods of automated guided vehicle do not fully consider the influence of power consumption, the workshop environment, and other factors, resulting in the disparity between scheduling methods and practical applications. This article contributes to filling this gap by modifying the model and algorithm that can meet the real-time application in the factory. First, a scheduling model is established according to both the number of depots and the automated guided vehicle’s battery consumption, so that the result of task allocation is more reasonable. Then, according to the area, distribution, shape characteristics of obstacles, and the number of depots contained in the environment, this article derives a new coefficient which is constructed as the weighted value of the distance between workstations to improve the robustness of the model. Finally, the modified genetic algorithm is used to obtain the scheduling results. The simulation results show the effectiveness and the rationality of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicles,GA,map complexity coefficient,scheduling
Cooperative cheap automated guided vehicles	2019	Proceedings of the 2019 20th International Carpathian Control Conference, ICCC 2019	2019 IEEE.The industrial environment in which independent platforms have to ensure the transfer of semi-finished products is dense in events. Elimination of collision's possibilities, blockages related to possible defects or supply problems would provide a significant increase in production line productivity. Cheap Automated Guided Vehicles (CAGV) will lead to even more agglomeration of work space, which requires collaborative communication between systems. This article addresses the implementation of a communication module between the experimental CAGV s that have been made so that collisions can be prevented, but also the transfer speed can be adapted to the change of workflow at master's request. At the end of the article are presented the possibilities of expanding the communication capabilities between CAGV at the level of an enterprise that falls within the concept of Industry 4.0.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Romania	1	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicles,Communication,Cooperative task
Simulation-based AGV dispatching in automated container terminal	2019	Proceedings - 2019 International Conference on Advances in Construction Machinery and Vehicle Engineering, ICACMVE 2019	2019 IEEE.Dispatching of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is a key decision problem in Automated Container Terminal. In view that existing event-driven AGV dispatching methods may lead to remarkable quay crane waiting for tardy AGV, and existing once-for-all dispatching methods are not suitable for real automated container terminal, a simulation-based AGV dispatching method is proposed in this paper. In this method, AGV arrival time at quay cranes is repeatedly re-estimated after allocation, and AGVs are allocated in a way that waiting time of quay cranes could be minimized. Results of comparative experiments shows that, this simulation-based method outperforms some other rule-based method, in perfectly keeping quay cranes out of waiting for tardy AGVs, and in slightly shortening finish time of vessel handling. This method is now applied to some real automated container terminal.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGV Dispatching,Automated Container Terminal,Simulation
Evaluating automated guided vehicle system characteristics in semiconductor fab automated material handling systems	2019	ASMC (Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference) Proceedings	2019 IEEE.Using a fleet of automated guided vehicles (AGV) is an increasingly popular option for a transportation system in semiconductor fabrication plants (fab), where AGVs can either serve as a supplement to the already existing transport system or as a first step towards the automation of transports. AGV systems have a high number of design choices, which need to be taken into consideration when planning and operating such systems in a fab. In addition, the combination of various AGV system characteristics has effects on the system performance that are difficult to predict. In this publication important aspects and dependencies are outlined regarding major AGV system characteristics like layout topologies and minor system characteristics like vehicle handling time or vehicle velocity.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Engineering (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,AMHS,Discrete event simulation,Overhead hoist transport
Artificial intelligence applied for technical status diagnostics of the batteries of automated guided vehicles	2019	ICMT 2019 - 7th International Conference on Military Technologies, Proceedings	2019 IEEE.Modern autonomous vehicles are crucial in design and reliability. Several researchers and engineers are highly motivated to find new possibilities to increase the range of these vehicles both in industrial and in military applications. Numerous modern batteries are available on the market for use both in electric and in autonomous vehicles. In this article the authors suggest the use of AI to optimize battery use and performance in military equipment. The results of the theoretical research show that it is possible to use AI in battery management system and they can ensure better results at the operation site.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Instrumentation,Engineering (miscellaneous)	AI,Autonomous Vehicles,Battery Management Systems,Unmanned Autonomous Vehicles
Automated guided vehicle routing: Static, dynamic and free range	2019	International Journal of Engineering and Advanced Technology	2019, Blue Eyes Intelligence Engineering and Sciences Publication. All rights reserved.Nowadays, automated guided vehicles (AGV) play very important role in modern factory automations. The AGV systems provide efficient routing for material flow and distribution among workstations at the exact time and place. Routing of AGV is the process of determining routes to fulfill their respective transport jobs. The routing problem of AGV in production system can be studied as a shortest path problem on a transfer network. It aims to find the shortest path between two vertices or nods. Most transport systems using AGV are centrally controlled and use static routing (pre-defined routes), which follows fixed line. Instead of using fixed path, dynamic routing for AGV can be used to add a high flexibility to the system. To accommodate the increased flexibility and reduced time, new operational controllers using Labview software must be able to adapt to small deviations. In this paper, routing of AGV, different AGV shortest path algorithms such as Dijkstra algorithm, A-star algorithm, Short Path Problem with Time Window (SPPTW), hybrid partial swarm optimization and genetic algorithm PSOGA are discussed with highlights of their main differences and comparison between them. AGV Scheduling is presented. In addition, the controller developed within Labview environment directs an AGV in real time using local position system are achieved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iraq	0	Environmental Engineering,Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications	AGV Routing,Automated Guided Vehicle,Labview environment,Local Position System,Scheduling,Shortest Path Algorithm
Automatic Guided Vehicle with Artificial Intelligence Navigation	2019	2019 IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics - Taiwan, ICCE-TW 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper presents an automatic guided vehicle with artificial intelligence navigation. To realize the automation of the assemble line, goods are handled using a robot with a magnetic tape wheel. However, the robot stops by misjudgment if the magnetic tape is broken. Moreover, the robot cannot change its route when it encounters obstacles. Therefore, we investigate the application of the divergence wheeled robot in a factory to smooth in crowd.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
On authenticity preservation of positioning in rounding autonomous guided vehicle	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 8th Data Driven Control and Learning Systems Conference, DDCLS 2019	2019 IEEE.As an economic and reliable transportation system, rounding autonomous guided vehicle is widely researched and implemented in logistics. However, higher automation implies less involving of manual control, which makes the unattended workshop prone to malicious attacks. Since the operation of rounding autonomous guided vehicle system largely depends on the accuracy of scheduling strategy, authenticity of rounding autonomous guided vehicle position must be preserved to avoid collision, priority breach, steal, etc. In order to ensure the correctness of positioning, a novel location acquisition and authentication scheme is proposed in this paper, with the help of message authentication code and verifiable threshold secret sharing. According to security and performance analysis, our scheme is resistant against chosen plaintext attack and feasible in rounding autonomous guided vehicle environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	Chosen plaintext attack,Linear secret sharing,Mac,Positioning,RAGV
Rescheduling of production process by flexible manufacturing system considering tool failure and machine breakdown in CNC	2019	International Journal of Innovative Technology and Exploring Engineering	BEIESP.This paper describes in detail about the rescheduling of production process due to the failure of cutting tool or machine breakdown during an automated batch production. In general flexible manufacturing system is incorporated in the production process to achieve the desired rate of production without any distortions during the production process. Rescheduling of production process takes place due to the following factors; poor tool life, wear in machine component, poor tool grinding, tool breakdown and machine repair. In the above stated factors, tool breakdown is the most common problem faced during most of the machining operation/production process. This paper deals in developing a algorithm to reschedule the production process during cutting tool breakdown.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science (all),Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cutting tool breakdown,Flexible manufacturing system,Production process,Rescheduling
Industrial internet of things based programmable logic controller	2019	International Journal of Innovative Technology and Exploring Engineering	BEIESP.The proposed design of a customized PLC includes a compact setup which is an integral part of industrial automation and to control various batch processes. The design takes into account, a wireless communication channel between the PLC and the supervisory server system, which is achieved by embedding a wireless module into the PLC setup. The designed setup also eliminates the hassle of long, multi-loop wiring which can be inconvenient to troubleshoot specific problem and to take corrective action instantly. By utilizing the wireless communication achieved by integrating an ESP8266 module. It is easier to connect with the process in a much simpler manner. The most important feature is that data that is transmitted can be uploaded into a Cloud Storage, with a secure server connection. The process data from the PLC is uploaded onto the server and can be monitored by the personnel supervising the plant operation. The data which is accessed over the server includes the field monitoring points relevant to the particular process. Conclusions: Wireless communication between the supervisory server system and the PLC is possible and the field monitoring points can be monitored via the Cloud Server.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science (all),Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automation,Programmable logic controller,SCADA,Wireless technologyg
A heuristic for task allocation and routing of heterogeneous robots while minimizing maximum travel cost	2019	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2019 IEEE.The article proposes a new heuristic for task allocation and routing of heterogeneous robots. Specifically, we consider a path planning problem where there are two (structurally) heterogeneous robots that start from distinctive depots and a set of targets to visit. The objective is to find a tour for each robot in a manner that enables each target location to be visited at least once by one of the robots while minimizing the maximum travel cost. A solution for Multiple Depot Heterogeneous Traveling Salesman Problem (MDHTSP) with min-max objective is in great demand with many potential applications, because it can significantly reduce the job completion duration. However, there are still no reliable algorithms that can run in short amount of time. As an initial idea of solving min-max MDHTSP, we present a heuristic based on a primal-dual technique that solves for a case involving two robots while focusing on task allocation. Based on computational results of the implementation, we show that the proposed algorithm produces a good quality of feasible solution within a relatively short computation time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Laser guidance system for automated material distribution in the industrial environment	2019	Proceedings of the 2019 20th International Carpathian Control Conference, ICCC 2019	2019 IEEE.At present, the primary trend in the industry is to eliminate the human factor involved in routine activities such as the distribution of materials. The presented laser guidance system belongs to the family of the line following systems. The application of this system is particularly useful in indoor environments that do not allow for technological reasons, the implementation of colored or magnetic tracks. The laser guidance system is suitable for transparent linear point-to-point crossing or a sharp, angled trajectory without polynomial turns. The principle is based on a statically positioned laser beams, projected perpendicularly from the top of the room. Laser beams cross each other and they can be dynamically switched to new trajectories. The electronic control unit mounted on the top of the autonomous mobile platform then follows the current lit line and evaluates actions for the motor drives. Control system also includes collision detection with other mobile platforms or accidentally occurring objects.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous mobile platform,Indoor navigation,Laser guidance system,Optical sensor array,Signal processing
Simultaneous detection of deep-sea earthquake and magnetic field using three-axis fiber optic accelerometer-magnetometer	2019	I2MTC 2019 - 2019 IEEE International Instrumentation and Measurement Technology Conference, Proceedings	2019 IEEE.We present the field trial of three-axis deep-sea earthquake and magnetic detection. The fiber optic accelerometer-magnetometer with the control system based on phase generation carrier (PGC) method are integrated in a titanium alloy chamber. The experiment is carried out in 1000 meter deep sea in the south China sea. The results show that the proposed fiber optic sensors can record the air gun signal and submarine magnetic field noise signal.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Instrumentation	Deep-sea,Earthquake and magnetic detection,Fiber optic accelerometer-magnetometer,Pressure chamber
Modified 1D Virtual Force Field Approach to Moving Obstacle Avoidance for Autonomous Ground Vehicles	2019	Journal of Electrical Engineering and Technology	2019, The Korean Institute of Electrical Engineers.A modified 1D-virtual force field (1D-VFF) approach is newly proposed to effectively avoid moving obstacles for autonomous ground vehicle (AGV) applications. The underlying idea of this approach is to construct an obstacle force field based on the predicted trajectory of a moving obstacle. To do this, the time-to-collision and the probable area of collision are estimated using the obstacle position and velocity information measured from a FMCW radar. The predicted obstacle force field (POFF) replaces the obstacle force field (OFF) of the conventional 1D-VFF to enhance the AGV’s obstacle avoidance performance. As in the conventional 1D-VFF scheme, the steering force field (SFF) is generated by using the prescribed position of the goal and the current position of the ground vehicle. In order to ensure a collision-free local path against the moving obstacle, the steering command is determined as the maximizing solution of the integrated force field (IFF) defined by a linear combination of POFF and SFF. Simulations of various scenarios show that the proposed algorithm provides an improved local path planning performance against moving obstacles compared to the existing 1D-VFF methodology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous ground vehicle,Collision avoidance,Local path planning,Moving obstacle,Time-to-collision estimation,Virtual force field
Methodology of designing multi-agent robot control systems utilising hierarchical petri nets	2019	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2019 IEEE.A robot system is designed as a set of embodied agents. An embodied agent is decomposed into cooperating subsystems. In our previous work activities of subsystems were defined by hierarchical finite state machines. With their states activities were associated. In that approach communication between subsystems was treated as an implementation issue. This paper represents activities of a robot system using hierarchical Petri nets with conditions. Such net is created by specifying consecutive layers: multi-agent robot system layer, agent layer, subsystem layer, behaviour layer and communication layer. This decomposition not only organizes in a systematic manner the development of a robot system, but also introduces a comprehensive description of concurrently acting subsystems. Based on those theoretical considerations, a tool was created for producing hierarchical Petri nets defining the model of a robotic system and enabling automatic generation of the robot controller code, resulting in a significant acceleration of the implementation phase. The capabilities of the tool are presented by the development of a robot controller performing a rudimentary task.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Vision-based localization and navigation for UAV inspection in photovoltaic farms 集中式光伏电站巡检无人机视觉定位与导航	2019	Zhejiang Daxue Xuebao (Gongxue Ban)/Journal of Zhejiang University (Engineering Science)	2019, Zhejiang University Press. All right reserved.In order to achieve autonomous flight for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in PV farms and complete infrared and visible-light image acquisition, an edge detecting method for photovoltaic (PV) strings was proposed and the line of sight guidance based path following control algorithm was carried out according to the distribution characteristics of PV strings. Color variance widely existes among different PV modules in the same PV farm, based on which a custom color segmentation technique was put forward. This technique could be combined with shape features to realize accurate identification for PV modules. Theoretical flight paths could be gained through contour and edge information of PV strings after which the line of sight guidance method was applied to accurate trajectory tracking control for theoretical path to guarantee the effectiveness and integrity of image data acquisition. Results showed that the proposed recognition algorithm for PV strings was excellent in adaptability and instantaneity and could be used to calculate the theoretical flight direction of UAV and the offsets between the UAV and PV strings, and the ideal trajectory tracking for PV strings can be realized through the navigation control algorithm. The identification approach for PV strings and the line of sight guidance method can work well in localization and navigation respectively, and combination of the two procedures can meet the requirements of UAV flight control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Autonomous flight,Path following,Photovoltaic inspection,Quad-rotor unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV),Vision localization
Vehicle classification and distance estimation using support vector machine	2019	International Journal of Innovative Technology and Exploring Engineering	BEIESP.While driving a vehicle, the driver must pay attention to the environment around the vehicle. If the driving period increases, the driver loses his attention that would eventually lead to road accident. There are literatures which address the prevention of road accidents by considering several factors like environmental conditions, traffic density, psychological nature of the driver, etc. Among the factors, the detection of vehicle in front is considered as one of the road safety measures. In this paper, the datasets are collected from GTI vehicle image database and KITTI vision benchmark suite. The algorithm is developed for vehicle classification and the distance estimation by employing a conventional computer vision technique called Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOG), combined with a machine learning algorithm called Support Vector Machine (SVM). The proposed algorithm could be implemented on autonomous vehicle system to assist the driver effectively and also reduce the vehicle collision.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science (all),Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicle,Histogram of Oriented Gradients,Support Vector Machine,Vehicle Collision
Quality index of supervised data for convolutional neural network-based localization	2019	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are important in modern factories. The main functions of an AGV are its own localization and object detection, for which both sensor and localization methods are crucial. For localization, we used a small imaging sensor named a single-photon avalanche diode (SPAD) light detection and ranging (LiDAR), which uses the time-of-flight principle and arrays of SPADs. The SPAD LiDAR works both indoors and outdoors and is suitable for AGV applications. We utilized a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) as a localization method. For accurate CNN-based localization, the quality of the supervised data is important. The localization results can be poor or good if the supervised training data are noisy or clean, respectively. To address this issue, we propose a quality index for supervised data based on correlations between consecutive frames visualizing the important pixels for CNN-based localization. First, the important pixels for CNN-based localization are determined, and the quality index of supervised data is defined based on differences in these pixels. We evaluated the quality index in indoor-environment localization using the SPAD LiDAR and compared the localization performance. Our results demonstrate that the index correlates well to the quality of supervised training data for CNN-based localization.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Autonomous intelligent robots,Deep learning,LiDAR,Localization
Robotic Path Planning Based on Episodic-cognitive Map	2019	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2019, ICROS, KIEE and Springer.Inspired by mammal’s spatial awareness and navigation capabilities, a new episodic-cognitive map building and path planning method was proposed, used for navigation tasks of mobile robot under the unstructured environment. Combined with characteristic of cognitive map and simulated the formation mechanism of episodic memory in the hippocampus, a novel episodic-cognitive map encapsulated the information of scene perception, state neuron and pose perception was built, realized the real-time, incremental accumulative and updating cognition of the robot to the environment. Based on the episodic-cognitive map, using the minimum distance between events, an algorithm of the event sequence planning was put forward for preferred trajectory choosing. Experimental results showed that the proposed algorithms realized the mobile robot choose the preferred planning path, and using the SIFT-based visual navigation method, the mobile robot can reach the target very well. The method in this paper extended the application of biological cognition theory in the field of robotic planning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	episodic memory,Episodic-cognitive map,mobile robot,path planning,state neurons
A calibration method of ultra-short baseline installation error with large misalignment based on variational Bayesian unscented Kalman filter	2019	Review of Scientific Instruments	2019 Author(s).The ultrashort baseline system is widely used in ships and underwater navigation and positioning. The misalignment and level arm with the inertial measurement unit are the two sources of positioning inaccuracy. The accuracy of calibration is usually affected by measurement noise and linearization of the observation equation. In order to improve the calibration accuracy, the variational Bayesian unscented Kalman filter (VBUKF) method is proposed for the calibration of the ultrashort baseline installation error in the paper. The detailed derivation of VBUKF for the calibration is presented in the paper. Simulation experiments and field experiments were carried out, respectively, to verify the algorithm. The simulation results show that the proposed method can calibrate the installation error of the sensors in real time on line. The field experiment verified that the algorithm improves the calibration accuracy of the installation error under the large misalignment. The positioning accuracy is also improved compared with the traditional method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Instrumentation	None
Multi-objective service selection and scheduling with linguistic preference in cloud manufacturing	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Service management in cloud manufacturing (CMfg), especially the service selection and scheduling (SSS) problem has aroused general attention due to its broad industrial application prospects. Due to the diversity of CMfg services, SSS usually need to take into account multiple objectives in terms of time, cost, quality, and environment. As one of the keys to solving multi-objective problems, the preference information of decision maker (DM) is less considered in current research. In this paper, linguistic preference is considered, and a novel two-phase model based on a desirable satisfying degree is proposed for solving the multi-objective SSS problem with linguistic preference. In the first phase, the maximum comprehensive satisfying degree is calculated. In the second phase, the satisfying solution is obtained by repeatedly solving the model and interaction with DM. Compared with the traditional model, the two-phase is more effective, which is verified in the calculation experiment. The proposed method could offer useful insights which help DM balance multiple objectives with linguistic preference and promote sustainable development of CMfg.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Cloud manufacturing,Genetic algorithm,Linguistic preference,Multi-objective optimization,Service selection and scheduling
Control for four-wheel independently driven electric vehicles to improve steering performance using H ∞ and Moore–Penrose theory	2019	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part D: Journal of Automobile Engineering	IMechE 2018. Electric vehicles have the potential to reduce oil dependency and decrease emissions. Electric vehicles with four-wheel independent drive have become a promising vehicle architecture. The yaw moment control has been widely applied to improve the performance of four-wheel independent drive electric vehicles. This study develops a new ideal vehicle model as a reference, which has a logarithmic functional relationship between wheel cornering stiffness and the controlled electric vehicles. A control method based on H ∞ theory and Moore–Penrose inverses property is used to produce the optimal yaw moment to match the ideal vehicle model. The simulation results show that the yaw speed of the controlled electric vehicles increases with lower speed, and the yaw speed and slip angle decrease with a higher speed. The steering performance is efficiently improved when the four-wheel independent drive electric vehicles can accurately match the ideal vehicle model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	electric vehicles,Steering performance,vehicle dynamics,wheel cornering stiffness,yaw moment control
High-precision localization using ground texture	2019	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2019 IEEE.Location-aware applications play an increasingly critical role in everyday life. However, satellite-based localization (e.g., GPS) has limited accuracy and can be unusable in dense urban areas and indoors. We introduce an image-based global localization system that is accurate to a few millimeters and performs reliable localization both indoors and outside. The key idea is to capture and index distinctive local keypoints in ground textures. This is based on the observation that ground textures including wood, carpet, tile, concrete, and asphalt may look random and homogeneous, but all contain cracks, scratches, or unique arrangements of fibers. These imperfections are persistent, and can serve as local features. Our system incorporates a downward-facing camera to capture the fine texture of the ground, together with an image processing pipeline that locates the captured texture patch in a compact database constructed offline. We demonstrate the capability of our system to robustly, accurately, and quickly locate test images on various types of outdoor and indoor ground surfaces. This paper contains a supplementary video. All datasets and code are available online at microgps.cs.princeton.edu.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Modeling and Control of an Eight-Legged Walking Robot Driven by Different Gait Generators	2019	International Journal of Structural Stability and Dynamics	2019 World Scientific Publishing Company.In this paper, we studied both kinematic and dynamic models of a mammal-like octopod robot. To control robot legs, we employed a simple gait generator based on a sine function and we proposed modified generators of gait. The introduced generators allowed us to obtain better kinematic and dynamic properties of motion of the whole robot during walking. By changing the length and the height of a single robot step, it is possible to use one model to control the initial, regular, and final phases of the robot gait without the need of generating additional control signals. The simulation parameters were estimated based on the prototype designed in Inventor software. In turn, for numerical research, we used a simulation model implemented in Mathematica. The obtained results were presented in the form of time histories of basic kinematic and dynamic quantities of the robot gait as well as the configuration of the robot legs at the chosen time moments. The presented method allows us to precisely control the robot position in the vertical direction, which is also presented in this paper. As a result, we obtained better stability of the whole robot during walking and performing tasks, also on slippery terrains, i.e. on terrains with relatively low coefficient of friction between the ground and the robot feet.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Aerospace Engineering,Ocean Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Applied Mathematics	legged motion,Octopod,robot control,robot dynamics,robot gait,robot kinematics
Analysis and design of typical automated container terminals layout considering carbon emissions	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.With the rapid development of world economy and trade and the continuous construction of green port, automated container terminal (ACT) has increasingly become the direction of future development. Layout design is the premise of ACT construction, which has an at least 50-year influence on the terminal. Therefore, this paper hopes to analyze and design the typical ACT layout to achieve sustainable development of the port. Firstly, a conceptual model is presented considering the interaction between different areas within the ACT when the width and length of the terminal are fixed. To select the optimal layout to achieve the goal of the green terminal, a novel mathematical model is established based on the energy consumption during cycle operation of various devices which can estimate the total carbon emission of an ACT over a period and is suitable for designing period. Then, with the developed model, an ACT in East China was taken as a case study. Finally, according to various analysis of the data results, the layout suggestion considering the sustainable development of the port is given.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Automated container terminals,Carbon emissions,Correlation analysis,Cyclic operation,Layout
Redundant Loads: A Software Inefficiency Indicator	2019	Proceedings - International Conference on Software Engineering	2019 IEEE.Modern software packages have become increasingly complex with millions of lines of code and references to many external libraries. Redundant operations are a common performance limiter in these code bases. Missed compiler optimization opportunities, inappropriate data structure and algorithm choices, and developers' inattention to performance are some common reasons for the existence of redundant operations. Developers mainly depend on compilers to eliminate redundant operations. However, compilers' static analysis often misses optimization opportunities due to ambiguities and limited analysis scope; automatic optimizations to algorithmic and data structural problems are out of scope. We develop LoadSpy, a whole-program profiler to pinpoint redundant memory load operations, which are often a symptom of many redundant operations. The strength of LoadSpy exists in identifying and quantifying redundant load operations in programs and associating the redundancies with program execution contexts and scopes to focus developers' attention on problematic code. LoadSpy works on fully optimized binaries, adopts various optimization techniques to reduce its overhead, and provides a rich graphic user interface, which make it a complete developer tool. Applying LoadSpy showed that a large fraction of redundant loads is common in modern software packages despite highest levels of automatic compiler optimizations. Guided by LoadSpy, we optimize several well-known benchmarks and real-world applications, yielding significant speedups.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Software	Performance measurement,Software optimization,Tools,Whole-program profiling
Dynamic Scheduling of RGV under Uncertain Environments 不确定性环境下轨道自动导引车动态调度	2019	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	2019, China Mechanical Engineering Magazine Office. All right reserved.To optimize the RGV scheduling under uncertainty environments, a kind of scheduling rule was proposed based on CCPP. Taking the RGV scheduling system in an intelligent workshop as research object, considering that the CNC machines might stop working due to a series of uncertainty factors such as tool replacement, machine faults, etc., the scheduling rule was proposed to optimize the feeding sequence of RGV in real time based on CCPP. Additionally, the nearest rule was presented to verify the superiority of CCPP scheduling rule. Results demonstrate that the capacity of intelligent workshops may be improved effectively by conducting CCPP scheduling rule, and the walking distance of RGV is reduced.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	Complete coverage path planning(CCPP),Nearest rule,Rail guided vehicle(RGV),Uncertain environment
Development of computer-controlled material handling model by means of fuzzy logic and genetic algorithms	2019	Neurocomputing	2019 Elsevier B.V.The aim of the study is to develop a unique approach to the problem of material handling control by means of artificial intelligence (computer intelligence) with respect to automated guided vehicle (AGV) path routing. In the analysed case the material handling system is fully integrated with IT tools and is considered under the constraint that the path cannot be changed during travel along a given loop, therefore, the path is predicted prior to every successive loop. The vector (ordered set) of stations requesting transportation service was determined by means of fuzzy logic, while the sequence of stations in a loop was optimised with genetic algorithms. The dispatch station can play the role of a switching station between the zones, where every AGV path loop begins and ends. This paper presents a system for both AGVs and semi-autonomous transportation vehicles where the human driver is informed of the route to follow. The subsequent verification of the developed model, by means of computer simulation, confirms that the proposed solution is effective. While the presented solution can be applied in a discrete manufacturing system, it can be considered as a part of the general manufacturing concept.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	13	Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	AGV path,Fuzzy logic,Genetic algorithms,Material handling control,Tandem loop
Scheduling of mobile robots for transportation and manufacturing tasks	2019	Journal of Heuristics	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.Current manufacturing systems have a tendency to become more and more flexible to adapt to the needs of product diversification. Such a system, e.g. flexible manufacturing system, consists of a number of automatic machines, material handling devices such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs) or mobile robots, and a central control computer. Mobile robots, as well as AGVs, can move around in their working space to transport components among machines. The main novelty of this work is that mobile robots can also execute various value-added tasks without human intervention thanks to their manipulation arms which is not possible for AGVs. This new characteristic certainly makes the problem more complex and computationally expensive. To utilize these manufacturing systems in an efficient manner, it is necessary to schedule transportation of product components by mobile robots and to schedule processing of products on machines possibly by mobile robots. Consequently, the key innovation of this work lies in consideration of three interrelated sub-problems which must be solved. They include computing the sequence of operations on machines, the robot assignment for transportation, and the robot assignment for processing. To achieve this goal, a computationally efficient hybrid heuristic method combining genetic algorithm and tabu search is developed to solve the problem considering makespan minimization. A mixed-integer programming (MIP) model is formulated. Another combined method using results of the hybrid heuristic is proposed to speed up the solving of MIP model. The quality of hybrid heuristic’s solutions is compared and evaluated by using those of the MIP model as reference points.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	5	Software,Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Artificial Intelligence	Flexible manufacturing systems,Genetic algorithm,Hybrid heuristic,MIP,Mobile robots,Scheduling,Tabu search
Reduction of nitrogen, phosphorus, and suspended solids effluent loads from paddy fields by transplanting into retained ponding water using a GNSS-controlled rice transplanter	2019	Paddy and Water Environment	2019, The International Society of Paddy and Water Environment Engineering.We measured nutrient inflows and outflows on reclaimed land (157 km2, including 100 km2 of paddy fields) in Lake Hachiro. The net effluent loads (NELs) in 2017 were 3.5 × 105 kg nitrogen (N), 6.1 × 104 kg phosphorous (P), and 2.4 × 107 kg suspended solids (SS). The largest monthly NEL was 7.4 × 104 kg N, 1.6 × 104 kg P, and 8.1 × 106 kg SS, in May. If rice can be transplanted without field drainage, the discharge of muddy water at the puddling and transplanting stages, which carries the largest loads, can be reduced. While farmers used an autonomous rice transplanter guided by the global navigation satellite system to transplant rice into retained ponding water, we measured the volume of water and the loads of N, P, and SS released from the fields. The reductions of effluent loads by retention of ponding water were 0.9–2.0 (average 1.6) kg N ha−1, 0.13–0.37 (average 0.30) kg P ha−1, and 45–233 (average 147) kg SS ha−1. The NELs in May were 7.4 kg N ha−1, 1.6 kg P ha−1, and 810 kg SS ha−1. Therefore, transplanting into the retained ponding water reduced the pollutant loads on Lake Hachiro by 22% of N, 19% of P, and 18% of SS in May.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Environmental Engineering,Agronomy and Crop Science,Water Science and Technology	Effluent load,GNSS rice transplanter,Paddy field,Retention of ponding water,T-N, T-P, SS
Circle-Marker-Based Machine Learning Positioning Algorithm with Single General-Purpose Camera	2019	Proceedings of 2018 IEEE International Conference of Safety Produce Informatization, IICSPI 2018	2018 IEEE.Indoor positioning is an important issue in warehousing. Nowadays, efficient automated guided vehicles (AGVs) with QR codes positioning system are popular in cargo sorting. The main disadvantage of them is low space utilization. Therefore, Circle-Marker-Based Machine Learning Positioning Algorithm (CMLPA), a monocular positioning method, is presented. Contrast with many systems focusing on eliminating the influences of deformation, CMLPA utilizes it to predict the distance and the position based on circle-markers with gradient boosting decision trees algorithm. The experimental result demonstrates that the average absolute error of CMLPA is low to 0.34 cm in 2 m∗2m site while the maximum error is 4 cm. Thus, CMLPA shows great potential in storing field.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Circle-Marker-based machine learning positioning,GBDT,Indoor positioning,Space utilization
A metaheuristic to solve a robotic cell job-shop scheduling problem with time window constraints	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.This paper deals with a robotic cell job-shop scheduling problem with time window constraints. In this scene, jobs are processed successively on a set of machines. Specially, the loading/unloading of jobs between the machines is transported by robots. The aim is to minimize the total weighted earliness and tardiness. A novel metaheuristic is proposed to solve this problem. The proposed method combines a memetic algorithm and a powerful local search (variable neighborhood descent). The experiment results show that the proposed algorithm achieved better solution quality in comparison of other algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Job-shop,Memetic algorithm,Robotic cell,Time window constraints,Variable neighborhood descent
Map Optimization with Distance-Based Covariance in Industrial Field	2019	8th Annual IEEE International Conference on Cyber Technology in Automation, Control and Intelligent Systems, CYBER 2018	2018 IEEE.Precise and reliable LIDAR based mapping and localization are critical technologies to automatic guided vehicles (AGV) in flexible industrial applications. In the complex dynamic industrial environment, highly reflective and stationary landmarks provide much reliability and less computational cost than using point cloud. However, the sparse map only based on landmark contains fewer constraints, and the accuracy of each measurement reduces with increasing range. Hence, scan matching accumulates much error over distance. To improve map precision, we present the approach using graph optimization with distance-based covariance for LIDAR mapping. The error model of LIDAR detection over distance is built and used for scaling the covariance of sensor measurements, and then graph-based optimization of constraint networks is applied with the covariance. We provide experiment results which illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Adapting to supply chain 4.0: an explorative study of multinational companies	2019	Supply Chain Forum	2019,  2019 Kedge Business School.The aim of this paper is to examine how multinational companies from five industries can adapt to what we call Supply Chain 4.0; the supply chain created as a result of the new digital era brought forth by the fourth industrial revolution. The focus is limited to three key emerging trends this development is seeing; Big Data, cloud computing and 3D printing. This study is carried out through a literature review and empirical findings from a series of interviews, and an explorative survey. The literature review identified a substantial difference in compatibility between industry level and the digital transformation Supply Chain 4.0 implies. Empirical findings showed that among the investigated trends, 3D printing was considered to have a major impact on Supply Chain 4.0. Its use though has been limited due to uncertainty among the supply chain stakeholders about its true added value in a cost/benefit perspective. Moreover, multinationals showed a strong preference for Big Data implementations, but only had limited focus on cloud computing applications. This paper presents a graphical framework meant to give practitioners a better description and understanding of the issues that have been debated concerning Supply Chain 4.0, their adaptability and their strengths and challenges.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	4	Business and International Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation	emerging trends,impacts,Industry 4.0,multinational companies,supply chain 4.0
Development of a control strategy for accurate path tracking of intelligent vehicles	2019	SAE Technical Papers	2019 SAE International. All Rights Reserved.This paper reports on development of a sub-optimal control strategy for path tracking control of automated guided vehicles (AGV's) and wheeled mobile robots. A two degree of freedom (DOF) nonlinear dynamic model is developed to represent their plane motion. Path tracking of the AGV is attained by controlling the position and orientation errors about the trajectory, which is accomplished by controlling the steering input signal on the basis of error feedbacks to the controller. Experimental results demonstrating the performance of the controlled system are reported.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	control strategy,Intelligent vehicles,path tracking problem,real time control
Automated guided vehicle using robot operating systems	2019	Proceedings of the International Conference on Trends in Electronics and Informatics, ICOEI 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper focuses on proof of concept prototype modeling and development of fully autonomous guided robot using embedded controller integrated with GUI Robotic operating systems, which can be used to carry goods and materials at industry, hotels and so many environment. AGV is made up with latest sensors like Oblu which is an IMU sensor, Kinect and software for localization and mapping parallelly. The software part of this robot is mainly implemented using the python programming language and software frameworks, such as Robot operating system(ROS), Open-CV, Open-Ni, Qt. The proposed control system includes solution for the self-localization, automatic accurate path finding and motion control. From the experimental result robot can work freely in indoor environment and reach the goal accurately is proved. We will present the complete overview of prototype architecture and mechanism. This AGV equipped with 3D vision camera sensor and IMU oblu sensor which is capable of travelling self guided path. It is fundamentally in charge of assignment allotment, planning and path management. also we will show a proof of concept with actual model. Oblu gives the 98% accurate reading of velocity, distance and angle by which the path planning accuracy gets high.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems	3D vision camera,Oblu sensor,Open-CV,Open-NI,PCL,Python,Robot operating system(ROS)
Doppler frequency trajectories of the mechanical robot arm and automated guided vehicle in industrial scenarios	2019	IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference	2019 IEEE.Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) is one of the most important application scenarios of the fifth generation mobile communication. In IIoT applications, the propagation channel differs significantly from the propagation environment of the typical cell communication system. In this paper, two special propagation cases are considered. The sensors/actuators (together with the RF transceiver) sometimes are equipped on the swinging mechanical robot arms (MRAs) and on moving automated guided vehicles (AGVs), which have never been thoroughly investigated, and hence the wireless channel between the sensor/actuator and control center becomes time-varying when the MRA is working and vehicles are moving. A two-dimensional geometrical model for the MRA and a mathematical model of random Doppler offset for AGVs are provided to depict these Doppler frequency trajectories in the industrial propagation environment. By using the realistic measurement data, these Doppler frequency trajectories are verified and the simulated results show good agreements. The established models are informative to design wireless networks for industrial scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Doppler properties,IIoT,Time-varying channel
Bilevel programming model of low energy consumption AGV scheduling problem at automated container terminal	2019	Proceedings - 2019 IEEE International Conference on Smart Manufacturing, Industrial and Logistics Engineering, SMILE 2019	2019 IEEE.In this paper, we design an AGV (automated guided vehicles) scheduling problem bilevel bi-objective model, that aim for reducing energy consumption and improving efficiency. A bilevel heuristic algorithm was designed to solve the model. The numerical experiments show that the model proposed in this paper can further reduce the energy consumption of horizontal transportation operations while optimizing operation efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Strategy and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV scheduling,Bilevel heuristic algorithm,Bilevel programming,Energy consumption
Auction-based cooperation mechanism for cell part scheduling with transportation capacity constraint 求解存在运输空间约束多单元协作调度问题的拍卖算法	2019	Kongzhi yu Juece/Control and Decision	2019, Editorial Office of Control and Decision. All right reserved.For the cell part scheduling (CPS) problem with transportation capacity constraint, an integer nonlinear programming (INLP) model is formulated to allocate the machines and automated guided vehicles (AGVs), and to schedule all parts. A reasonable transportation mode is presented, and an auction-based heuristic approach is proposed to solve the problem. An improved disjunctive graph model is developed to optimize the feasible solutions obtained by using auction-based approach. The auction consists of two aspects: Auction for AGV and auction for machine. Auctions can be used to evaluate the value of resources in different periods of time properly, so as to improve the utilization of resources and reduce the total production time. In both auctions, AGVs and machines act as auctioneers respectively, and parts act as bidders. Numerical experiments are conducted to test the auction-based approach and improved disjunctive graph model. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed auction-based approach and improved disjunctive graph model, also indicate the influence of the capacity of AGV on scheduling parts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Auction-based cooperation mechanism,Cell part scheduling,Improved disjunctive graph model,Reasonable transportation mode,Transportation capacity constraint
A Low-Voltage and High-Current Inductive Power Transfer System with Low Harmonics for Automatic Guided Vehicles	2019	IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology	1967-2012 IEEE.This paper proposes the series-series compensation topology to realize a low-voltage and high-current inductive power transfer system (IPT) for the automatic guided vehicles (AGVs). Since the height of the AGV chassis is in the tens of mm, the coupling coefficient is close to 1, resulting in a tightly coupled IPT system. This paper has three main contributions. First, it reveals that the high-order harmonic currents in a tightly coupled IPT system could be very significant. Second, it quantifies the impact of the high-order harmonic currents on the efficiency, which shows the efficiency can be reduced. Third, it proposes an effective method to design the parameters in order to reduce the harmonics and maintain high efficiency. Aiming at the charging of AGVs, a prototype is constructed. The magnetic coupler size is 220 mm × 220 mm × 10 mm. When the airgap is 10 mm, it achieves 1.8-kW power transfer with a dc-dc efficiency of 89.9% from a 400-V dc source to a 24-V dc load, and the charging current is 74 A. When the airgap varies from 5 mm to 15 mm, the power variation is within ±350 W, and the efficiency is not affected. The fast Fourier transform analysis of the experimental currents also validates the theoretical analysis and the simulation results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	automatic guided vehicle (AGV),high-order harmonic,series-series compensation,Tightly-coupled
New Automated Guided Vehicle System Using Real-Time Holonic Scheduling for Warehouse Picking	2019	IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters	2016 IEEE.We propose a new robotic system using an automated guided vehicle (AGV) for order picking in logistics warehouses. In AGV picking systems, AGVs transport the entire shelves including the required items (inventory shelves) or shipping boxes (sorting shelves) to the pickers instead of the pickers moving to the shelves, which improves the productivity of the picking activity in warehouses. In conventional systems, the sorting shelves are fixed or are transported only after the completion of the sorting work of the shelves. Our new system transports the sorting shelf even if the sorting shelf is in the middle of sorting. This system improves the productivity of picking activity by transporting both the shelves to appropriate locations at the appropriate time. To handle complex transport tasks, the proposed system requires a real-time scheduling method. This study applies a real-time holonic scheduling method to resolve scheduling problems. We evaluated the productivity of the proposed system and that of the conventional method that transports sorting shelves only after finishing the sorting work. The results show that the larger the working area and the higher mixed and lower-volume the picking orders are, the more efficiently the proposed method solves scheduling problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Control architectures and programming,industrial robots,inventory management,logistics,planning,scheduling and coordination
Light emitting diode positioning system based on a lamp stripe	2019	Optical Engineering	2019 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE).Because traditional indoor locations of visible light usually need improvement in terms of the lighting environment and changes to the layout of light emitting diodes (LEDs), we propose a method that uses a lamp stripe mounted to the wall to send signals and uses an iterative method to estimate the distance between the photodetector (PD) and the lamp stripe, then the position of PD is obtained by geometric method. This method can adjust the position of PD without changing the original lighting layout, thus greatly reducing the workload of changing the layout of LEDs in traditional indoor visible light positioning methods. A positioning accuracy of 0.12 m is obtained in a 2 m × 2 m area. This method can be used in some applications that require only two-dimensional positioning, such as sweeping robots and automated guided vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Engineering (all)	indoor positioning,lamp stripe,light emitting diode
Research on Human-Machine Task Collaboration Based on Action Recognition	2019	Proceedings - 2019 IEEE International Conference on Smart Manufacturing, Industrial and Logistics Engineering, SMILE 2019	2019 IEEE.A human-machine collaboration method based on real time action recognition is presented to achieve the collaboration between automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and human operators through the perception of tasks conducted by human operators. The process of action recognition is accomplished by a Kinect vision sensor and convolutional neural networks (CNN), and the methods of multiple features fusion and hierarchical cluster are applied in the process of action recognition. The utilization of action recognition technology can effectively shorten the expected waiting time, and can avoid the assembly line stagnation caused by human errors to a great extent. Finally, the experiment result indicates that the overall efficiency has been increased significantly after applying the method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Strategy and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	action recognition,human error,human-machine collaboration,hybrid assembly line,time allowance
Channel Measurement and Characterization for Industrial Internet of Things	2019	IEEE Wireless Communications and Networking Conference, WCNC	2019 IEEE.The Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), as the typical application of the fifth generation mobile communication (5G) has its complex and special electromagnetic propagation characteristics in harsh industrial environments. The metal obstacles such as machines and mechanical arms in industrial scenarios will have an impact on the path loss of radio waves. The large metal equipment can generate strong mirror reflection and scattering waves which produce additional strong multipath components. Furthermore, the propagation channel will become change with the time due to the mobility of the automated guided vehicle, working people, etc. in industrial space. In this paper, based on the measurement data obtained in a typical industrial factory, the propagation channel is characterized. The path loss exponent and channel envelope in line of sight (LoS) scenarios and a special case that the sensor is in metallic box are respectively investigated. Additionally, the level passing rate (LCR) and the spatial correlation characteristics of time varying channels caused by the moving transport vehicle are investigated at different frequency bands. These results provide the basis for the practical deployment of wireless networks for the IIoT systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	5G,envelope characteristics,IIoT,LCR,path loss,spatial correlation,wireless channels
Demo Abstract: Toward Real-Time Wireless Control of Mobile Platforms for Future Industrial Systems	2019	INFOCOM 2019 - IEEE Conference on Computer Communications Workshops, INFOCOM WKSHPS 2019	2019 IEEE.The use of mobile platforms (MPs) is particularly attractive for various industrial applications. This demonstration highlights the importance of remote control of MPs and shows its viability over a high-performance wireless solution designed for closed-loop control. Further, it shows the viability of formation control of a network of MPs through a leader-follower approach underpinned by high-performance wireless.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Hardware and Architecture,Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computer Networks and Communications	AGV,closed-loop,Industry 4.0,mobile robot
Master assembly network for alternative assembly sequences	2019	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2019The fourth industrial revolution (I 4.0) is paving the way for change in manufacturing systems. A logical enabler for dynamic and adaptive manufacturing systems including smart automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is presented. It can respond to requests for changing operations sequences received digitally or via distributed sensors, and change the processing route according to pre-planned flow sequences and pre-determined alternatives. A novel method for generating a master assembly network with alternative sequences based on legacy assembly data for a product family is developed. A master assembly network is a generic multiple alternative assembly sequences for a group of product variants belonging to a family where they share some parts and have common product structure. The assembly network with alternative sequences for a new variant is extracted from the master assembly network. These alternative sequences increase the flexibility and adaptability of the assembly system to handle workshop disruptions such as change orders, machine breakdowns and tool failures. The developed method is inspired by the phylogenetic networks used in biology, namely the soft-wired galled network. A Genetic Algorithm is developed to generate the master assembly network that summarizes a set of conflicting rooted assembly sequence trees. A family of three control valves is used as a case study. The proposed method can be utilized in any manufacturing system that use alternative assembly sequence including those utilizing smart AGVs in and Industry 4.0 dynamic environment. The developed method decreases the time and cost of introducing a new product variant as well as increases the responsiveness of the manufacturing system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assembly network,Assembly sequence generation,Automated guided vehicles,Genetic algorithm,Soft-wired galled network
Event-Triggered Adaptive Neural Network Controller in a Cyber-Physical Framework	2019	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.The importance of remotely placed controller in a cyber space with sensor-controller-actuator network has increased significantly in industrial, defense, and surveillance sector. Such network has large amount of sensor and controller data. A time-triggered control technique may generate redundant control signals and put unnecessary data on network. Therefore, an event-triggered adaptive controller that generates control action at required instants using state-and error-based conditions has been developed in this paper. A data transmission framework has also been designed in this paper that addresses network delay and packet losses. The proposed controller-communication methodology has been validated through two case studies, first, temperature tracking for heating ventilation and air conditioning system and, second, real-time path tracking by automated guided vehicle. The proposed methodology has also been duly compared with its time-triggered counterpart. The control updates are reduced to approximately 41% and 64% in the two case studies, respectively. The experimental results also prove the designed controller to be efficient when compared with event-triggered incremental PID controller using the same data transmission framework.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive neural network (NN) controller,cyber-physical system,delay,event-triggered controller,incremental PID controller
Modeling of dynamic behavior of AGV systems	2019	2019 6th International Conference on Control, Decision and Information Technologies, CoDIT 2019	2019 IEEE.Vehicle models and dynamic system simulations are used to predict the behavior and dynamics of vehicles. In this paper two vehicle models of a tugger-trolleys system with three linked towed trolleys are compared. One model is a complete multibody model of the system. The second is a simplified version composed by a vertical and handling models for motion in a plane, assuming no planar forces on the trolleys' front wheels and linking the vehicles with multibody joints and body, representing the coupling arms. The second model was developed in Modelica language and a description of the model is presented. These models will be used to estimate the relative paths between the vehicles and the maximum admissible velocities of the system when taking a curve without rollover or sliding. Results show good agreement between the models. The second model was shown to be much faster and provide more stable results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	MATLAB,Modelica,Multibody system,Simulation,Vehicle dynamics
Optimization of transportation collaborative robots fleet size in flexible manufacturing systems	2019	2019 8th International Conference on Modeling Simulation and Applied Optimization, ICMSAO 2019	2019 IEEE.The current economic context is uncertain and highly competitive, where companies seek to reduce their production cost and adapt production systems to market needs. Since consumer behaviour becomes more and more unpredictable within shorter and shorter product lifetime, flexible manufacturing systems are introduced to allow company to adapt their production to the market without changing systems. The inherent painful and repetitive transportation activities are central in such workshop, where all other activities, like production and maintenance, are impacted by the transportation task. Recently, more and more collaborative mobile robots fleet are used to ensure this activity. Therefore, the fleet size is necessary to be optimized to reduce costs while avoiding delays. In this paper, we propose a decision making tool based on a multi-agent simulation to help decision makers to find the optimal robot fleet size of transportation robots.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Signal Processing,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation,Health Informatics	Collaborative Robotic Transportation,Fleet Size,Flexible Manufacturing System,Optimization,Simulation
Multi-agent Pathfinding Based on Improved Cooperative A∗ in Kiva System	2019	2019 5th International Conference on Control, Automation and Robotics, ICCAR 2019	2019 IEEE.In the Multi-Agent Pathfinding problem, a set of agents with distinct start and goal ports are assigned to finish different jobs. The problem's task is to use a typical algorithm to compute a path for each agent, so that every agent can finish their jobs with satisfied performance. The study of this problem can improve the efficiency of robots in warehouse material transportation and logistics sorting. In this paper, we propose an algorithm named Improved Cooperative A∗(ICA∗) by introducing addition pathfinding cost for less turns and overlapping among paths. Furthermore, we propose a principle called Dynamic Weight Guidance that can dynamically provide a guiding strategy for each agent. Experimental results demonstrate that our algorithm can reduce the total number of moving steps, makespan and waiting times of all agents to a certain extent.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,cooperative A∗,heuristic search,Kiva system,path planning
Integrated Motor Optimization and Route Planning for Electric Vehicle using Embedded GPU System	2019	2019 International Conference on Optimization and Applications, ICOA 2019	2019 IEEE.For the route planning of electric vehicles (EV) a greater emphasize is placed on minimizing the energy consumption. The model used to calculate the energy along the path is typically based on the mechanical model of the vehicle. However, to be more accurate, one should also consider the motor losses. In this paper, we propose an integrated motor optimization and route planning for EV based on the Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and the Bellman-Ford (BF) routing algorithm. The PSO is used to calculate optimized magnetic flux settings for an induction motor for various operating points. The calculated settings maintain the high efficiency of the motor throughout the trip, but are also used to accurately calculate the motor losses prior to planning the route. The BF algorithm is used to calculate optimized routes. A Pareto front of optimized routes that minimized energy and distance is produced and allows the user to select the preferred route. Both the PSO and the BF are implemented in CUDA on an embedded NVIDIA Jetson TX2 graphics processing unit (GPU) for maximum performance. The system is tested on road maps with up to 4.6 million edges and provides a speedup of 19.3x for the PSO and 10.1x for the BF.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Study of wireless communication technology between LED-based vehicles using CSK method	2019	International Journal of Recent Technology and Engineering	BEIESP.The traffic information includes information related to the macroscopic traffic environment such as congestion or delay status of a specific road section, accident status, traffic volume, and traffic speed, and driving information of the vehicle such as speed, destination, and travel route. Traffic information management center provides traffic information through wired / wireless communication network. Providing such traffic information has a very basic level of information providing method such as ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance System). However, for the sophisticated functions of the intelligent vehicle, there is a need for a method in which a traveling vehicle actively collects traffic information and controls the vehicle, or provides driving information directly to a vehicle traveling in the vicinity of the vehicle. These requirements are limited by the existing centralized traffic information collection and distribution method. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to provide stable and efficient collection and distribution of traffic information by using LED light based inter-vehicle wireless communication method and an important issue in the field of smart car technology. The development contents of this paper are to study the way to provide and distribute more traffic information efficiently by combining LED light of vehicle and CSK method. In addition, CSK modulation technique, which is variable according to the driving environment of the vehicle in operation, is designed and developed so that the throughput of communication between vehicles can be efficiently maintained according to the driving environment and the reliability can be maintained.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Engineering (all),Management of Technology and Innovation	Advanced driver assistance system,Color shift keying,CSK,Mixed model,Visible light communication,Wireless communication between vehicles
Self-localization estimation for mobile robot based on map-matching using downhill simplex method	2019	Journal of Robotics and Mechatronics	2019, Fuji Technology Press. All rights reserved.This paper describes a map-matching method which utilizes a downhill simplex method for self-localization estimation of a mobile robot for indoor and outdoor application. Although particle filter is widely established as a method of map-matching, it requires considerable time for recovery when the correct position is unidentifiable. One of the features of the downhill simplex method proposed in this paper is that the search point distribution is wide when it is challenging to determine a point as the correct position. However, it immediately shrinks when the correct position is identified. In this study, it is compared with particle filter and demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed method through a discussion on the difference between the search methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Downhill simplex method,Map-matching,Particle filter,Self-localization
Distributed Coordination of Autonomous Guided Vehicles in Multi-agent Systems with Shared Resources	2019	Conference Proceedings - IEEE SOUTHEASTCON	2019 IEEE.This paper proposes a decoupled path planning framework to coordinate the behavior of a number of agents in dynamic environments. In this algorithm, agents can effectively conduct negotiations in a so-called incomplete information setting where only limited information about other parties is available for negotiating agents. We face the problem by breaking it into three distinct phases. The first stage is to schedule each agent individually and provide it with the lowest cost path using the Dijkstra algorithm. The next stage involves finding the best possible bids for each agent. The final stage is to reschedule each agent individually to satisfy the total demand, which is positioning all agents on their desired destinations where collisions are avoided and traveling time is optimally minimized. This cooperative pathfinding allows agents to know each other's intentions and communicate their planned paths. In the proposed dynamic system, to account for unknown and unpredictable moving obstacles, if a collision is imminent, each agent needs to decide how to proceed by researching and selecting a new path and modifying its current plan in a timely manner.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Software,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing	Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGV),multi-agent systems,path planning
Ray tracing model tuning based on grey wolf optimization in railway tunnels 基于改进灰狼算法的铁路隧道射线跟踪模型校正	2019	Dianbo Kexue Xuebao/Chinese Journal of Radio Science	Copyright  2019 by Editorial Department of Chinese Journal of Radio ScienceTo solve the problem that the gray wolf optimization (GWO) algorithm is easy to fall into the local optimum and the convergence precision is poor, this paper proposes an improved gray wolf optimization algorithm based on opposition search and Levy flight strategy(OLGWO). In the initial stage of the algorithm, the opposite search strategy is adopted to narrow the range of feasible solutions. And in the process of updating location of the gray wolves, Levy flight strategy is adopted to avoid the algorithm falling into the local optimum. By four standard test functions, simulation experiments show that the proposed OLGWO algorithm is superior to the GWO algorithm in terms of convergence speed and solution accuracy, and it can search for the optimal solution quickly and accurately. Next, based on the OLGWO optimization algorithm, the ray tracing propagation model of the tunnel is corrected. The results show that the corrected model has better performances in terms of RMS and linear correlation and can achieve precise prediction of signal receiving power in the railway tunnel environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Correction,Grey wolf optimization algorithm,Propagation model,Railway communication,Ray tracing
Edge based obstacle detection model focused on indoor floor-based obstacles	2019	ISCAIE 2019 - 2019 IEEE Symposium on Computer Applications and Industrial Electronics	2019 IEEE.There are several obstacle detection and avoidance technologies developed to assist the visually impaired community in the current market. They are categorised into different types such as non-vision or vision-based technologies. However, a majority of these technologies are not ready for distribution as it may require additional steps due to mass production and distribution. This paper introduces a simple obstacle detection model built for mobile device. Utilising the Canny Edge detection algorithm, the edge information is used to compare whether the user's walking path is obstructed by obstacles. The proposed model utilises a mobile device's proximity sensor and accelerometer to adapt itself accordingly in various environment. The model is tested in various scenarios resulted to an average obstacle detection rate of 85%. The model may be used as a supplementary assistance to the white cane, for people with visual impairment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Android,Monocular camera,Obstacle detection,Optical imaging,Visual impairment
Performance analysis of enhanced cell formation techniques in a manufacturing industry – A case study	2019	International Journal of Innovative Technology and Exploring Engineering	BEIESP.Group Technology (GT) has developed as a critical innovation in manufacturing engineering to adapt to the quick changing industrial demands. Development of effective cell is a demanding activity which requires point by point examination of different constraints. The fundamental aspect of this paper is to take a shot at different Cell Formation (CF) procedures for the structure of cell fabricating framework. The problem of CF is considered as the utmost important criteria in the design of CMS in order to minimize Exceptional Elements (EE) and idle time of machines to maximize Machine Utilization and Cell Efficiency. This paper targets to discuss various cell formation techniques using Squared Euclidean Distance Matrix (SEDM) and Sheep Flock Heredity Algorithm (SFHA). In addition an examination between the proposed strategies and surely understood conventional methodologies Rank Order Clustering (ROC) and ROC-2 has been conducted using Performance Measures such as Rate of Exceptional Elements, Machine Utilization, Cell Efficiency and Grouping Efficacy. A Case study taken from literature is solved using proposed strategies as well as conventional methodologies and results will infer that the proposed strategies are efficient. MATLAB and Java Code is produced for Proposed procedures which will deal with any size of CF issue inside portion of seconds.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Computer Science (all),Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanics of Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cell efficiency,Cell formation,Group technology,Machine utilization
Design and optimization of parking lot in an underground container logistics system	2019	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2019 Elsevier LtdTo relieve the ground traffic pressure caused by container trucks in a port, an underground container logistics system (UCLS) between Shanghai Waigaoqiao Terminal and Jiading Northwest Logistics Park is proposed. Furthermore, in order to guarantee the connection between the UCLS and the yard behind the ground terminal, a design of an underground parking lot in the system is also proposed. The underground parking lot is a buffer used for the loading and unloading of underground guided vehicles (UGVs). A mixed integer nonlinear programming model (MNIP) for UGVs and yard cranes in the underground system is formulated to minimize the total cost of UGVs waiting and yard cranes. Then, the optimization model is solved via MATLAB software. With sensitivity analysis, the number of loading and unloading points in the underground parking lot is optimized for the purpose of minimizing the total cost. Finally, a simulation experiment is carried out to obtain the optimal configuration of the number of loading and unloading points and the arrival rate in the UCLS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Design,Optimization,Simulation,Underground container logistics system,Underground parking lot
The shortest-path spanning tree of assembly dimension and its application	2019	Assembly Automation	2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to obtain the reasonable dimensioning for each part and a full-dimension model of assembly dimensions. Design/methodology/approach: The relational path graph of assembly dimension, the shortest-path spanning tree of functional dimension and a revised spanning tree are established in this paper. Findings: The proposed method can obtain reasonable dimensioning of parts and establishment of dimension model in an assembly. Originality/value: The proposed method can easily realise by computer and be more suitable to automatic dimensioning and establishment of dimension model of parts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assembly dimensions,Dimension model,Path planning,Shortest-path spanning tree
State transition for statistical SLAM using planar features in 3D point clouds	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.There is a large body of literature on solving the SLAM problem for various autonomous vehicle applications. A substantial part of the solutions is formulated based on using statistical (mainly Bayesian) filters such as Kalman filter and its extended version. In such solutions, the measurements are commonly some point features or detections collected by the sensor(s) on board the autonomous vehicle. With the increasing utilization of scanners with common autonomous cars, and availability of 3D point clouds in real-time and at fast rates, it is now possible to use more sophisticated features extracted from the point clouds for filtering. This paper presents the idea of using planar features with multi-object Bayesian filters for SLAM. With Bayesian filters, the first step is prediction, where the object states are propagated to the next time based on a stochastic transition model. We first present how such a transition model can be developed, and then propose a solution for state prediction. In the simulation studies, using a dataset of measurements acquired from real vehicle sensors, we apply the proposed model to predict the next planar features and vehicle states. The results show reasonable accuracy and efficiency for statistical filtering-based SLAM applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	3	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Bayesian filters,Planar features,Plane parameters,Simultaneous localization and mapping,Transition model
A flexible job shop scheduling approach with operators for coal export terminals	2019	Computers and Operations Research	2018 Elsevier LtdOperating a coal export terminal (CET) is a challenging task. The throughput of the terminal and the delays incurred by ships and trains is greatly affected by where material is stacked and reclaimed, and which machinery is used to perform those tasks. To improve the operation of these terminals, and to make the aforementioned decisions, a novel optimisation approach has been developed. In that approach the CET is modelled as a flexible job shop with operators (FJSOP). The optimization problem is then solved using an advanced meta-heuristic algorithm that incorporates a variety of sophisticated perturbation techniques, local improvement algorithms and pre-emption handling procedures. That level of intricacy is rarely required for more traditional scheduling problems but is a necessity for this one. A key component used in the optimisation process is a priority ordering of the activities. The priority ordering is used to create the required activity sequences, for each piece of machinery. This list dictates the order in which activities are scheduled and can be perturbed quickly and in many different ways, leading to the identification of improved solutions. The optimization approach is applied to an Australian coal terminal to demonstrate its viability and effectiveness. Numerical testing shows that problems of the size encountered by existing terminals can be handled and high quality solutions can be obtained with reasonable computing effort.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	6	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Bulk material handling systems,Coal export terminals,Flexible job shop with operators,Meta-heuristics,Priority ordering,Scheduling
Distributed multi-agent scheduling and control system for robotic flexible assembly cells	2019	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.This paper deals with the development of a distributed multi-agent system (DMAS) for scheduling and controlling Robotic Flexible Assembly Cells (RFAC). In the proposed system, an approach for solving one of the most challenging decisional problems in RFAC is proposed and implemented. This problem is related to the products operations scheduling which requires their allocation and sequencing on the robots, while satisfying products and robots constraints under makespan minimization. The proposed DMAS addresses this challenge by using a cooperative approach supported by three kinds of autonomous control agents: supervisory agent, local agents, and remote agents. These agents interact by a negotiation protocol based on common dispatching rules for coordinating their individual decisions, satisfying their local objective and providing an optimized global solution. Moreover, because of the dynamic nature of the assembly systems, it is imperative to consider external disturbances on production scheduling and to solve the related issues. Consequently, DMAS has the ability to respond and manage some dynamic events that may occur in the cells such as unexpected robot breakdown or dynamic products arrivals. Computational results on benchmarks show the effectiveness and the robustness of the proposed system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Algeria	6	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Dispatching rules,Distributed multi-agent systems,Dynamic events,Robotic flexible assembly cells,Scheduling problem
Active disturbance rejection control for handling slip in tracked vehicle locomotion	2019	Journal of Mechanisms and Robotics	2019 by ASME.This paper describes the use of an active disturbance rejection controller (ADRC) to estimate and compensate for the effect of slip in an online manner to improve the path tracking performance of autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs). AGVs with skid-steer locomotion mode are extensively used for robotic applications in the fields of agriculture, transportation, construction, warehouse maintenance, and mining. Majority of these applications such as performing reconnaissance and rescue operations in rough terrain or autonomous package delivery in urban scenarios, require the system to follow a path predetermined by a high-level planner or based on a predefined task. In the absence of effective slip estimation and compensation, the AGVs, especially tracked vehicles, can fail to follow the path as given out by the high-level planner. The proposed ADRC architecture uses a generic mathematical model that can account for the scaling and shift in the states of the system due to the effects of slip through augmented parameters. An extended Kalman filter (EKF) observer is used to estimate the varying slip parameters online. The estimated parameters are then used to compensate for the effects of slip at each iteration by modifying the control actions given by a low-level path tracking controller. The proposed approach is validated through experiments over flat and uneven terrain conditions including asphalt, vinyl flooring, artificial turf, grass, and gravel using a tracked skid-steer mobile robot. A detailed discussion on the results and directions for future research is also presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Mechanical Engineering	None
Iterative two-stage hybrid algorithm for the vehicle lifter location problem in semiconductor manufacturing	2019	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2019 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersAutomated material handling systems (AMHSs) in semiconductor fabrication facilities (fabs) are inherently capital intensive because they are moving toward full automation. However, in addition to being capital intensive, full automation can come at the cost of compromised performance or instability when abnormal events occur. Vehicular congestion is one example of an abnormal event and is a recurring problem in fabs that reduces production efficiency. In this paper, motivated by a material handling system design problem when constructing a new semiconductor fabrication plant in practice, we present a model for optimizing the location of overhead hoist transport lifters, which have proven to be a suitable addition to AMHSs for resolving bottlenecks caused by heavy congestion. To do so, we study a capacitated facility location problem (CFLP) that incorporates real-life constraints and consider the interactions between lifters of differing types. We first propose a hybrid approach that combines a genetic algorithm with a depth-first search (DFS) based on memorization to approximate the optimum positions for the installation of the lifters. We then conduct a numerical experiment to compare the performance of our approach with optimal solutions in small- to medium-sized facilities and perform a sensitivity analysis for the important parameters involved. Finally, an experimental study based on real data from semiconductor fabs is conducted to demonstrate the applicability and usefulness of the proposed model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS design,Depth-first search,Facility location problem,Genetic algorithm,Overhead hoist transport lifter,Semiconductor manufacturing,Vehicle lifter
Configuration equilibrium model of product variant design driven by customer requirements	2019	Symmetry	2019 by the authors.In viewof the dynamic change of customer requirements (CRs) during the process of product use, in this paper we propose a Bayesian Nash equilibrium configuration model for product variant design driven by CRs. By analyzing CRs, the complete variant requirements of the products can be obtained. Combined with modularization and parameterization variant design methods, a parametric variant instance is proposed. Since cost and delivery time are affected by the product variant design, firms and customers are established as two decision-making bodies, and Bayesian Nash theory is introduced to the product configuration. The theory takes the product cost and customer satisfaction as the payoff function of the game, and based on the threshold value search of the customer satisfaction it determines the strategy set of the two parties. The Nash equilibrium solution equation is established and solved by a simulated annealing algorithm. The optimal product configuration scheme satisfying the interests of both sides of the game is obtained. Finally, the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) is taken as an example to illustrate the effectiveness and practicability of the method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Chemistry (miscellaneous),Mathematics (all),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous)	Bayesian Nash equilibrium,Customer requirements,Payoff function,Simulated annealing algorithm,Variant design
Annealing by simulating the coherent Ising machine	2019	Optics Express	2019 Optical Society of America.The coherent Ising machine (CIM) enables efficient sampling of low-lying energy states of the Ising Hamiltonian with all-to-all connectivity by encoding the spins in the amplitudes of pulsed modes in an optical parametric oscillator (OPO). The interaction between the pulses is realized by means of measurement-based optoelectronic feedforward, which enhances the gain for lower-energy spin configurations. We present an efficient method of simulating the CIM on a classical computer that outperforms the CIM itself, as well as the noisy mean-field annealer in terms of both the quality of the samples and the computational speed. It is furthermore advantageous with respect to the CIM in that it can handle Ising Hamiltonians with arbitrary real-valued node coupling strengths. These results illuminate the nature of the faster performance exhibited by the CIM and may give rise to a new class of quantum-inspired algorithms of classical annealing that can successfully compete with existing methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Russian Federation	5	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	None
Path planning for autonomous bulldozers	2019	Mechatronics	2019 Elsevier LtdKomatsu Ltd. is reinforcing the R&D of automation technology for our earth-movers. Based on this trend, a path planning methodology for autonomous bulldozers is proposed and developed. This methodology autonomously plans an efficient path depending on a given material profile. Conventionally, existing path planning algorithms are versatile so they can be applied to any application, typically by using a grid-based map. However, in reality, a substantial effort is still required when applying to specific industry products. In contrast to this trend, the aim of this work is to develop a path planning algorithm specifically suitable for bulldozers, from the theory development phase. The novel planning methodology was developed by incorporating industry feedback, and has successfully resolved the issues which occurred when attempting to apply the existing planning methodologies. As a result of this work, the developed methodology provides an efficient path that lets bulldozers complete given tasks with minimal operation time, without a human operator on-board, and can be applied to commercial machines immediately.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	6	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous bulldozers,Path planning
Deep 3D perception of people and their mobility aids	2019	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2019 Elsevier B.V.Robots operating in populated environments, such as hospitals, office environments or airports, encounter a large variety of people with some of them having an advanced need for cautious interaction because of their advanced age or motion impairments. To provide appropriate assistance and support robot helpers require the ability to recognize people and their potential requirements. In this article, we present a people detection framework that distinguishes people according to the mobility aids they use. Our framework uses a deep convolutional neural network for detecting people in image data. For human-aware robots it is necessary to know where people are in a 3D world reference frame instead of only locating them in a 2D image, therefore we add a 3D centroid regression output to the network to predict the Cartesian position of people. We further use a probabilistic class, position and velocity tracker to account for false detections and occlusions. Our framework comes in two variants: The depth only variant targets high privacy demands, while the RGB only framework provides improved detection performance for non-critical applications. Both variants do not require additional geometric information about the environment. We demonstrate our approach using a dedicated dataset acquired with the support of a mobile robotic platform. The dataset contains five classes: pedestrian, person in wheelchair, pedestrian pushing a person in a wheelchair, person using crutches and person using a walking frame. Our framework achieves an mAP of 0.87 for RGB and 0.79 for depth images at a detection distance threshold of 0.5m on our dataset, with a runtime of 53ms per image. The annotated dataset is publicly available and our framework is made open source as a ROS people detector.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Convolutional neural networks,Mobile robot,Multi-class detection,Object detection,Object tracking,People detection,Service robotics
A comprehensive assessment to propose an improved line stability index	2019	International Transactions on Electrical Energy Systems	2019 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.So far, several line stability indices have been introduced and used for evaluating voltage stability status of power systems. The objective of this paper is to propose a comprehensive assessment of these indices and also to propose a modified line stability index to accurately assess the stability status of networks in different situations. To this purpose, the performance of several line indices at different conditions is analyzed. Also, to categorize system states to normal, alert, and emergency, proper thresholds are proposed for these indices. It will be shown that although line indices are able to properly assess the stability of a two-bus system, they cannot detect the stability status in real networks. Therefore, a modified index has been proposed, which can accurately assess the stability status of power systems. The static and dynamic simulation results performed in the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineer (IEEE) 39- and 118-bus test systems verify the performance of the proposed index.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	8	Modeling and Simulation,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	line stability indices,power-system stability,voltage-stability assessment
Multiagent and bargaining-game-based real-time scheduling for internet of things-enabled flexible job shop	2019	IEEE Internet of Things Journal	2014 IEEE.With the rapid advancement and widespread applications of information technology in the manufacturing shop floor, a huge amount of real-time data is generated, providing a good opportunity to effectively respond to unpredictable exceptions so that the productivity can be improved. Thus, how to schedule the manufacturing shop floor for achieving such a goal is very challenging. This paper addresses this issue and a new multiagent-based real-time scheduling architecture is proposed for an Internet of Things-enabled flexible job shop. Differing from traditional dynamic scheduling strategies, the proposed strategy optimally assigns tasks to machines according to their real-time status. A bargaining-game-based negotiation mechanism is developed to coordinate the agents so that the problem can be efficiently solved. To demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed architecture and scheduling method, a proof-of-concept prototype system is implemented with Java agent development framework platform. A case study is used to test the performance and effectiveness of the proposed method. Through simulation and comparison, it is shown that the proposed method outperforms the traditional dynamic scheduling strategies in terms of makespan, critical machine workload, and total energy consumption.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	18	Signal Processing,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications	Flexible job shop,Internet of Things (IoT),multiagent,real-time scheduling
Survey on fuzzy TOPSIS state-of-the-art between 2007 and 2017	2019	Computers and Operations Research	2018 Elsevier LtdA crucial topic in expert system and operations research is fuzzy multi-criteria decision making (FMCDM), which is used in different fields. Existing options and gaps in this topic must be understood to prepare valuable knowledge on FMCDM environments and assist scholars. This study maps the research landscape to provide a clear taxonomy. The authors focus on searching for articles related to (i) technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal solution (TOPSIS); (ii) development; and (iii) fuzzy sets in four primary databases, namely, IEEE Xplore, Web of Science, Elsevier ScienceDirect and Springer. These databases include literature that focuses on FMCDM. The resulting final set after the filtering process includes 170 articles, which are classified into four categories. The first, second, third and fourth categories include articles that used a type-1 fuzzy set with the TOPSIS method, a type-2 fuzzy set with the TOPSIS method, two fuzzy membership functions and a survey paper, respectively. The basic attributes of this topic include motivations for utilising FMCDM, open challenges and limitations that obstruct utilisation and recommendations to researchers for increasing the approval and application of FMCDM.	Journal	j	re	Review	Malaysia	38	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	FMCDM,Fuzzy set,Fuzzy-TOPSIS,Multi-criteria decision making
A-UGV capabilities	2019	Proceedings - 3rd IEEE International Conference on Robotic Computing, IRC 2019	2019 IEEE.A-UGV has been defined by ASTM Committee F45 as an Automatic, Automated, or Autonomous vehicle that operates while in contact with the ground without a human operator. However, what do the levels actually mean to manufacturers, users, or especially potential users? This paper defines, and in many cases provides examples of, recommended autonomy levels for all three automatic, automated, and autonomous unmanned ground vehicles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization	A-UGV,A-UGV,A-UGV,ASTM F45,ASTM F45,ASTM F45,autonomous,autonomous,autonomous,capability,capability,capability,classifiers,classifiers,classifiers
Machine Learning Guided Atom Mapping of Metabolic Reactions	2019	Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling	2018 American Chemical Society.Atom mapping of a chemical reaction is a mapping between the atoms in the reactant molecules and the atoms in the product molecules. It encodes the underlying reaction mechanism and, as such, constitutes essential information in computational studies in drug design. Various techniques have been investigated for the automatic computation of the atom mapping of a chemical reaction, approaching the problem as a graph matching problem. The graph abstraction of the chemical problem, though, eliminates crucial chemical information. There have been efforts for enhancing the graph representation by introducing the bond stabilities as edge weights, as they are estimated based on experimental evidence. Here, we present a fully automated optimization-based approach, named AMLGAM (Automated Machine Learning Guided Atom Mapping), that uses machine learning techniques for the estimation of the bond stabilities based on the chemical environment of each bond. The optimization method finds the reaction mechanism which favors the breakage/formation of the less stable bonds. We evaluated our method on a manually curated data set of 382 chemical reactions and ran our method on a much larger and diverse data set of 7400 chemical reactions. We show that the proposed method improves the accuracy over existing techniques based on results published by earlier studies on a common data set and is capable of handling unbalanced reactions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Chemistry (all),Chemical Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Library and Information Sciences	None
Consider the Human Work Experience When Integrating Robotics in the Workplace	2019	ACM/IEEE International Conference on Human-Robot Interaction	2019 IEEE.Worldwide, manufacturers are reimagining the future of their workforce and its connection to technology. Rather than replacing humans, Industry 5.0 explores how humans and robots can best complement one another's unique strengths. However, realizing this vision requires an in-depth understanding of how workers view the positive and negative attributes of their jobs, and the place of robots within it. In this paper, we explore the relationship between work attributes and automation goals by engaging in field research at a manufacturing plant. We conducted 50 face-to-face interviews with assembly-line workers (n=50), which we analyzed using discourse analysis and social constructivist methods. We found that the work attributes deemed most positive by participants include social interaction, movement and exercise, (human) autonomy, problem solving, task variety, and building with their hands. The main negative work attributes included health and safety issues, feeling rushed, and repetitive work. We identified several ways robots could help reduce negative work attributes and enhance positive ones, such as reducing work interruptions and cultivating physical and psychological well-being. Based on our findings, we created a set of integration considerations for organizations planning to deploy robotics technology, and discuss how the manufacturing and HRI communities can explore these ideas in the future.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	collaborative robotics,future of work,human robot collaboration,Industry 5.0,manufacturing,work attributes
Environmental, social and economic growth indicators spur logistics performance: From the perspective of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation countries	2019	Journal of Cleaner Production	2019 Elsevier LtdThis article examines the association between green logistics operations, social, environmental and economic indicators of SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) countries. The research used GMM (Generalized Method of Moments) and FGLS (Feasible Generalized Least Squares) two methods to tackle the problems of heterogeneity, serial correlation and heteroskedasticity. The findings show that fossil fuel consumption is at the heart of logistics operations; the more fossil fuel and non-green energy resources that are used, the more negative effects on society and environmental sustainability result from this. A lower quality of transport-related infrastructure and logistics services is negatively correlated with fossil fuel usage, carbon emissions, health expenditure, greenhouse gas emissions and political instability of SAARC countries. Conversely, efficient customs procedures and greater information sharing among supply chain partners increase trade opportunities and also improve environmental sustainability in terms of minimum carbon emissions due to the shorter waiting and queue times involved. Further, the application of green energy resources and green practices can mitigate negative effects on social and environmental sustainability due to better logistics operations while improving financial performance in terms of higher GDP per capita, trade openness and greater export opportunities around the globe. As there is very limited research using green practices relationship with macro-level indicators in current literature, this research will assist both practitioners and policymakers to understand the roles of green supply chain and green logistics in enhancing environmental sustainability, social improvement and economic growth for a better future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	28	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Environmental and economic sustainability,Green logistics management,Political stability index,Renewable energy sources
Human, AGV or AIV? An integrated framework for material handling system selection with real-world application in an injection molding facility	2019	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2018, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.Motivated by a real-world material handling system selection problem, this paper proposes a framework that allows for quantifying safety and incorporating it in multi-criteria decision-making processes that involve both quantitative and qualitative measures. In the proposed framework, the results of failure mode and effect analysis (FMEA) for each alternative are converted into a quantitative measure of total safety and reliability associated with that alternative. A modified analytic hierarchy process (AHP) that differentiates between subjective and objective measures is then used to compare the alternatives at hand. In this modified AHP, experts’ judgments are used for pairwise comparison of alternatives with respect to qualitative measures, while for quantitative criteria, measured or estimated performance is directly used to obtain the required pairwise comparisons. An Excel-based decision support tool that implements the proposed framework is developed and made available online for researchers and practitioners. An application based on a real-world problem in an injection molding facility is also presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analytic hierarchy process,Automated guided vehicle,Automated intelligent vehicle,Failure mode and effect analysis,Multi-criteria decision-making
Simulation-based optimization approach for simultaneous scheduling of vehicles and machines with processing time uncertainty in FMS	2019	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature. Many stochastic factors, such as vehicle congestion, deadlock or conflict, or stochastic processing time have significant effects on performance in scheduling problem in flexible manufacturing system (FMS). This paper proposed a simulation-based optimization, L-GA OCBA , to address the simultaneous scheduling of vehicles and machines in FMS. The simulation model is constructed to evaluate the performance of scheduling decision, and includes stochastic elements, such as vehicle congestion, deadlock, and uncertain processing time. Genetic algorithm (GA) combined with local search, L-GA, plays important role in exploring the good design alternative based on simulation output. Optimal computing budget allocation (OCBA) embedded with L-GA is used to allocate the number of replications for reducing simulation replications. The design of experiments is used to analyze and set the parameters of L-GA and OCBA. This study shows that L-GA OCBA is superior for enhancing solution quality and search efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	6	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Genetic algorithm,Local search,Optimal computing budget allocation,Simulation-based optimization,Simultaneous scheduling problem in FMS
Map-Matching Algorithms for Robot Self-Localization: A Comparison Between Perfect Match, Iterative Closest Point and Normal Distributions Transform	2019	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	2018, Springer Science+Business Media B.V., part of Springer Nature.The self-localization of mobile robots in the environment is one of the most fundamental problems in the robotics navigation field. It is a complex and challenging problem due to the high requirements of autonomous mobile vehicles, particularly with regard to the algorithms accuracy, robustness and computational efficiency. In this paper, we present a comparison of three of the most used map-matching algorithms applied in localization based on natural landmarks: our implementation of the Perfect Match (PM) and the Point Cloud Library (PCL) implementation of the Iterative Closest Point (ICP) and the Normal Distribution Transform (NDT). For the purpose of this comparison we have considered a set of representative metrics, such as pose estimation accuracy, computational efficiency, convergence speed, maximum admissible initialization error and robustness to the presence of outliers in the robots sensors data. The test results were retrieved using our ROS natural landmark public dataset, containing several tests with simulated and real sensor data. The performance and robustness of the Perfect Match is highlighted throughout this article and is of paramount importance for real-time embedded systems with limited computing power that require accurate pose estimation and fast reaction times for high speed navigation. Moreover, we added to PCL a new algorithm for performing correspondence estimation using lookup tables that was inspired by the PM approach to solve this problem. This new method for computing the closest map point to a given sensor reading proved to be 40 to 60 times faster than the existing k-d tree approach in PCL and allowed the Iterative Closest Point algorithm to perform point cloud registration 5 to 9 times faster.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	18	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	2D laser scan,Map matching,Robot self-localization
Path Planning Control of Automated Guided Vehicle Based on Workshop Measurement Positioning System and Fuzzy Control 基于wMPS和模糊控制的AGV路径规划控制	2019	Guangxue Xuebao/Acta Optica Sinica	2019, Chinese Lasers Press. All right reserved.An application mode for high-precision path planning control application of automated guided vehicle (AGV) with a large space is proposed based on the combining of the workshop measurement positioning system (wMPS) and the fuzzy control algorithm. AGV path is planned in advance, and the real-time position and pose of AGV is accurately measured by wMPS, and the real-time forward and rotational speed parameters of AGV are output by the fuzzy control algorithm. Simulation and experimental results show that the positioning accuracy of AGV is better than 2.5 mm, which can ensure dynamic navigation and positioning accuracy of AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics	Automated guided vehicle,Fuzzy control,High-precision navigation,Measurement,Workshop measurement positioning system
Identification of Optimal Alternative as a Prospective Candidate for Further Design Improvements using Preference Selection Index Method	2019	International Conference on Innovations in Control, Communication and Information Systems, ICICCI 2017	2017 IEEE.In the modern era of advancements, the market is flooded with countless alternatives in order to offer a large number of options to their customers. This has led to an increase in the competition between major players in the market. To help stand stiffly in this ever-increasing competition, the manufacturers are required to select the model that best suits the customer requirement, and further add value to them. In this context, Multicriteria Decision making is a critical phase before any design and development stage. Different Multi Criteria Decision Making techniques are available to help decision makers in making a rational decision. The present paper seeks to select out the best model among eight randomly chosen Top Load Semi-Automatic Washing Machines with nearly same range of performance, using Preference Selection Index method. The method has been used because of its simplicity and an added advantage of non-requirement of relative importance between the decision attributes.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Aerospace Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Health Informatics	Decision making,Design improvement,Multi Criteria Decision Making tools,Objective method,Top Load Washing Machine
Autonomous METLIN-Guided In-source Fragment Annotation for Untargeted Metabolomics	2019	Analytical Chemistry	2019 American Chemical Society.Computational metabolite annotation in untargeted profiling aims at uncovering neutral molecular masses of underlying metabolites and assign those with putative identities. Existing annotation strategies rely on the observation and annotation of adducts to determine metabolite neutral masses. However, a significant fraction of features usually detected in untargeted experiments remains unannotated, which limits our ability to determine neutral molecular masses. Despite the availability of tools to annotate, relatively few of them benefit from the inherent presence of in-source fragments in liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-mass spectrometry. In this study, we introduce a strategy to annotate in-source fragments in untargeted data using low-energy tandem mass spectrometry (MS) spectra from the METLIN library. Our algorithm, MISA (METLIN-guided in-source annotation), compares detected features against low-energy fragments from MS/MS spectra, enabling robust annotation and putative identification of metabolic features based on low-energy spectral matching. The algorithm was evaluated through an annotation analysis of a total of 140 metabolites across three different sets of biological samples analyzed with liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Results showed that, in cases where adducts were not formed or detected, MISA was able to uncover neutral molecular masses by in-source fragment matching. MISA was also able to provide putative metabolite identities via two annotation scores. These scores take into account the number of in-source fragments matched and the relative intensity similarity between the experimental data and the reference low-energy MS/MS spectra. Overall, results showed that in-source fragmentation is a highly frequent phenomena that should be considered for comprehensive feature annotation. Thus, combined with adduct annotation, this strategy adds a complementary annotation layer, enabling in-source fragments to be annotated and increasing putative identification confidence. The algorithm is integrated into the XCMS Online platform and is freely available at http://xcmsonline.scripps.edu.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	15	Analytical Chemistry	None
An intelligent approach for dynamic AGV scheduling problem in the discrete manufacturing system	2019	Proceedings of 2019 IEEE 3rd Information Technology, Networking, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, ITNEC 2019	2019 IEEE.With the rapid development of technology and fierce competition in the market, people put forward higher demands for the efficiency of the workshop. The paper proposes an approach for dynamic automated guided vehicles (AGVs) scheduling based on hormone regulation mechanism. In this paper, a dynamic AGVs scheduling problem, where machines and AGVs run with specified speed, is put forward. And the biological intelligent approach (BIA), inspired by hormone regulation mechanism in endocrine system, is developed to solve the dynamic AGVs scheduling problem. In terms of practical application, the BIA are tested on 12 instances and the results illustrate the BIA can improve the work efficiency of shop floor and reduce the makespan.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	AGV,BLA,Discrete manufacturing system,Dynamic scheduling
Virtual reality for virtual commissioning of automated guided vehicles	2019	26th IEEE Conference on Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces, VR 2019 - Proceedings	2019 IEEE.The development process of automated guided vehicles (AGV) can be supported by virtual commissioning, which comprises the validation of functionality using a simulation of the AGV. In case of collaborating AGVs, testing their functionalities require the simulation to contain not only the AGV but also a human and an interaction device. Therefore, this paper presents a setup, that integrates a human using motion capturing and emulates a smartwatch as interaction device. Furthermore, the simulation is visualized by a head-mounted display and provides additional information for the test case assessment and analysis. Thus, it enables the virtual commissioning of collaborative AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Human-Computer Interaction,Media Technology	Automated guided vehicle,Motion capturing,Virtual commissioning,Virtual reality
Trajectory tracking automated guided vehicle using fuzzy controller	2019	Proceeding - 2019 International Conference of Artificial Intelligence and Information Technology, ICAIIT 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper proposes the development of a fuzzy controller and a nonlinear dynamics feedback to minimize error in tracking nonsmooth trajectory for an Automated Guided Vehicle with nonholonomic constraints. The AGV is designed using differential drive for small material transportation handling in manufacture area productions. In order to minimize the tracking error from the reference trajectory with quick turn points and initial position error, the fuzzy controller is used to determine input auxiliary velocity for dynamics controller. The fuzzy controller is designed using parallel distributed compensation with 3 state kinematic error model. The stability of the controller is guaranteed by Lyapunov theory using LMI (Linear Matrix Inequality) solver. The dynamics controller is designed with a nonlinear dynamics feedback using forward gain and proportional-derivative control that used to obtain the input torque for AGV. Simulation results show that the AGV can track sudden big orientation change from the nonsmooth reference trajectory and initial position error.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Control and Optimization,Information Systems	AGV,auxiliary velocity,control,fuzzy,LMI
Collaboration system design of the transportation platform	2019	International Journal of Performability Engineering	2019 Totem Publisher, Inc. All rights reserved.In order to reduce the labor intensity of workers in automatic production lines handling material, an Automated Guided Vehicle collaboration system (AGV) is designed in this paper. On the basis of analyzing the differential steering principle, the control strategy of the AGV tracking and the automatic tracking control are designed based on the fuzzy algorithm and PID algorithm respectively, so as to realize the control of PC for the transport of goods. Additionally, the PC control software is specially designed for the system. This system is tested on the simulation and experiment environment and the results show that the AGV has the advantages of high guidance precision, following stability and high reliability. The fleet operation can effectively improve the work efficiency and reduce labor costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	AGV,AGV scheduling,Fuzzy control,PID control,Remote control
A study on multi-ASC scheduling method of automated container terminals based on graph theory	2019	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2019Compared with traditional terminals, two automated stacking cranes (ASCs) are configured for each container block of automated container terminal (ACT), which interact with automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and container trucks at the two ends of a container block individually. To increase the capacity, container yards with multiple rows of blocks perpendicular to the terminal's shoreline are considered. To utilize the yard spaces, twin ASCs are set to share transport tracks installed at the two sides of a block, while interferences between the ASCs causes the routing and sequencing operations. In order to control the scheduling of twin ASCs, the interference model is established by analyzing the time overlap between tasks. Considering the influence of AGV transportation time, the model are then established to sequence the container handling tasks under the minimization of waiting time and makespan. A particle swarm optimization algorithm (PSO) based on graph theory model is design to solve the problem. Numerical experiments show that the algorithm is more competitive than traditional algorithm. Based on the model and experimental result, the practical significance of applying the algorithm to the actual situation is discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated container terminal,Automated guided vehicle,Automated stacking crane,Graph theory,Particle swarm optimization algorithm
A three-stage decomposition method for the joint vehicle dispatching and storage allocation problem in automated container terminals	2019	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2019 Elsevier LtdThis paper addresses the joint vehicle dispatching and storage allocation problem in automated container terminals (ACTs). Two types of popular vehicles used in ACTs are considered in this problem: automated lifting vehicles (ALVs) and automated guided vehicles (AGVs). Two mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) models are proposed for the two types of vehicles, with the goal of minimizing the vehicle operating costs. To solve these models, this study develops a three-stage decomposition approach called particle swarm optimization, based on greedy search. Numerical experiments verify the applicability of the proposed models and the efficiency of the proposed algorithm. The study provides an effective vehicle management tool for terminal managers to handle vehicle dispatches in daily operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Greedy search,Particle swarm optimization,Storage allocation,Three-stage decomposition,Vehicle dispatching
A multi-objective and multi-dimensional optimization scheduling method using a hybrid evolutionary algorithms with a sectional encoding mode	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Aimed at the problem of the green scheduling problem with automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS), the multi-objective and multi-dimensional optimal scheduling process is defined while considering energy consumption and multi-function of machines. The process is a complex and combinational process, considering this characteristic, a mathematical model was developed and integrated with evolutionary algorithms (EAs), which includes a sectional encoding genetic algorithm (SE-GA), sectional encoding discrete particle swarm optimization (SE-DPSO) and hybrid sectional encoding genetic algorithm and discrete particle swarm optimization (H-SE-GA-DPSO). In the model, the encoding of the algorithms was divided into three segments for different optimization dimensions with the objective of minimizing the makespan and energy consumption of machines and the number of AGVs. The sectional encoding described the sequence of operations of related jobs, the matching relation between transfer tasks and AGVs (AGV-task), and the matching relation between operations and machines (operation-machine) respectively for multi-dimensional optimization scheduling. The effectiveness of the proposed three EAs was verified by a typical experiment. Besides, in the experiment, a comparison among SE-GA, SE-DPSO, H-SE-GA-DPSO, hybrid genetic algorithm and particle swarm optimization (H-GA-PSO) and a tabu search algorithm (TSA) was performed. In H-GA-PSO and TSA, the former just takes the sequence of operations into account, and the latter takes both the sequence of operations and the AGV-task into account. According to the result of the comparison, the superiority of H-SE-GA-DPSO over the other algorithms was proved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Automated guided vehicle,Discrete particle swarm optimization,Energy consumption,Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Green scheduling,Multi-objective and multi-dimensional
Concept of an expert system for automated layout and transport system planning Konzept eines expertensystems zur automatisierten layout-und transportmittelplanung: Automatisierte und integrierte layout-und transportsystemplanung unter berücksichtigung logistischer und wirtschaftlicher zielgrößen	2019	ZWF Zeitschrift fuer Wirtschaftlichen Fabrikbetrieb	Carl Hanser Verlag GmbH amp; Co. KG.Automated and integrated layout and transport system planning in consideration of logistical and economic targets. In the current approaches of factory planning, the influences of transport systems are not considered in the layout planning process. The means of transport selection and transportation network planning take place downstream of the layout planning. The effects from the transport system selection on the design of the factory layout are therefore only considered at the end of the factory planning process. The selection of certain transport systems can therefore result in extensive adjustments of the layout. The following article describes a concept for an expert system that includes transport network planning in the layout planning process in addition to transport system selection. Based on Fuzzy Logic, the expert system will interpret the expert knowledge for selecting transport systems and automatically generate the subsequent factory layout, as well as the transport networks, based on defined input data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Engineering (all),Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	None
Role of batch size in scheduling optimization of flexible manufacturing system using genetic algorithm	2019	Journal of Industrial Engineering International	2018, The Author(s).Flexible manufacturing system (FMS) readily addresses the dynamic needs of the customers in terms of variety and quality. At present, there is a need to produce a wide range of quality products in limited time span. On-time delivery of customers’ orders is critical in make-to-order (MTO) manufacturing systems. The completion time of the orders depends on several factors including arrival rate, variability, and batch size, to name a few. Among those, batch size is a significant construct for effective scheduling of an FMS, as it directly affects completion time. On the other hand, constant batch size makes MTO less responsive to customers’ demands. In this paper, an FMS scheduling problem with n jobs and m machines is studied to minimize lateness in meeting due dates, with focus on the impact of batch size. The effect of batch size on completion time of the orders is investigated under following strategies: (1) constant batch size, (2) minimum part set, and (3) optimal batch size. A mathematical model is developed to optimize batch size considering completion time, lateness penalties and setup times. Scheduling of an FMS is not only a combinatorial optimization problem but also NP-hard problem. Suitable solutions of such problems through exact methods are difficult. Hence, a meta-heuristic Genetic algorithm is used to optimize scheduling of the FMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Batch size, due dates,Completion time,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Genetic algorithm (GA),Scheduling optimization
Automated, low-cost pedestrian crossing carriage for efficient traffic control and pedestrian safety	2019	Proceedings - IEEE International Research Conference on Smart Computing and Systems Engineering, SCSE 2019	2019 University of Kelaniya.Disorganized city planning and a huge rise in use of automobiles on the road have caused massive traffic congestion in cities across the world. Pedestrian crossing designed to facilitate movement across the road network, have unfortunately become a hindrance to movements of traffic. Though the smart zebra lines had been introduced, it has not contributed much to reduce the time that holds vehicle lines under the traffic lights. Moreover, the establishment of transfer hubs and underground crossings remain silent in local context because of their cost. Even though there are plenty of pedestrian crossing mechanisms available, they are not secure and not ideal for the disabled, elderly, children, and the sick. Considerable numbers of police officers have to spend their time on traffic controlling duties though it's inefficient and wastage of human resources. A number of studies have focused on automated vehicles and robots as tools to ease problems of congestion. This paper, it focuses on the design of an automated guided carriage system for pedestrian transportation in an efficient and secure manner.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sri Lanka	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	Pedestrian carriage,Traffic congestion,Zebra lines
The VIKINGS Autonomous Inspection Robot: Competing in the ARGOS Challenge	2019	IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine	2019 IEEE.This article presents the overall architecture of the VIKINGS robot, winner of two competitions and one of five contenders in the ARGOS Challenge. The VIKINGS robot is an autonomous, or remotely operated, robot that inspects oil and gas sites and can assess various petrochemical risks based on its embedded sensors and processing. As described in this article, our robot is able to autonomously monitor all elements of a petrochemical process on a multistory oil platform, such as reading gauges, state of the valves, and proper functioning of the pumps, even while it faces many hazards, e.g., leaks, obstacles, or holes in its path. The goal of this article is to present the major components of our robot's architecture and the algorithms we developed for certain functions (e.g., localization, gauge reading, and so on). We also present the methodology we adopted, which allowed us to succeed in this challenge.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Active omni wheel possessing seamless periphery and omnidirectional vehicle using it	2019	Precision Engineering	2019 Elsevier Inc.Vehicles that are capable of achieving omnidirectional movement will work very efficiently in factories and warehouses. To meet this requirement, various omnidirectional vehicles have been proposed, but the wheel mechanism makes precise movement difficult. The active omni wheel (AOW), which can drive itself in an arbitrary direction at any time, can address this issue, but our previous design had mechanical vibration and acoustic noise due to gaps in the outer circumference of the wheel, and its complicated structure had a large number of parts. To solve these problems, this study developed a new AOW possessing a seamless periphery and simple structure. By using barrel-shaped friction-driven outer rollers arranged alternately on the left and right sides of the wheel, gaps between the outer rollers are eliminated and a smooth periphery is realized. Additionally, the power transmission paths were simplified to reduce the number of parts. This paper explains the AOW structure and then presents analyses of structural conditions and kinematics of the AOW. A two-wheel-drive omnidirectional vehicle using the AOW was built and kinematically analyzed. Finally, experiments using the developed AOW and vehicle were conducted and their effectiveness was verified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Engineering (all)	Kinematics,Mechanism,Omnidirectional movement,Vehicle,Wheel
The least-time optimization for abnormity control of a complex industrial process	2019	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	The Author(s) 2018.Modern complex industrial processes are prone to errors because of interactions between humans, the external environment and the equipment. When the abnormity degree of a system increases, the system can generate failures or even accidents, which result in serious economic loss or even personal casualties. Therefore, it is necessary to take effective measures to remove the abnormity as soon as possible. This problem can be described as the least-time optimization problem. This paper analyses an abnormity by summarizing and comparing related concepts in the researched results. Based on these concepts, a control strategy for the abnormity in a complex industrial process is proposed by analysing the experience of operators on site. Taking the abnormity in the thickening process of gold hydrometallurgy as an example, this paper explores how the abnormity control problem can be transformed into the least-time optimization problem. Technical and mechanical constraints are described. Simulation results indicate that the proposed strategy can assist the operators to regulate the control variables and recover the abnormity as soon as possible. This produces better performance than the existing regulations on site.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Instrumentation	Abnormity analysis,control strategy,gold hydrometallurgy,least-time optimization,thickening process
Human Machine Interface Design Analysis of Defect Detection Prototype by Wonderware InTouch Software	2019	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Human Machine Interface (HMI) serves as a bridge for operators to understand the processes that occur on the machine. Without HMI, operators will have difficulty in monitoring and controlling the machine. HMI used in this study using Wonderware InTouch software. The HMI design that is used, displays the home button, as the start screen. There are two options in the home menu, which is the option to login as an identification and classification operator. To start operation and enter the monitoring window, any operator that uses this HMI must login using a username and password. The function of HMI in this research is as a connector between operators with machine. In this paper we have presented the human machine interface design of defect detection prototype by wonderware intouch software. Based on the tested results can be concluded that the designed is successfully.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Distributed synchronization of autonomous underwater vehicles with memorized protocol	2019	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2019.This article investigates the distributed synchronization problem of autonomous underwater vehicles by developing a novel synchronization protocol with memorized controller. More precisely, the memory information for information exchanges of autonomous underwater vehicles is utilized such that the synchronization performance can be improved. By employing the Lyapunov–Krasovskii functional method with model transformation, sufficient criteria are established for guaranteeing the synchronization, and the corresponding distributed synchronization controllers are designed based on matrix techniques. Finally, the effectiveness and benefits of our theoretical method are supported by an illustrative example with simulation results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous underwater vehicles,distributed synchronization,Lyapunov–Krasovskii functional method,memorized protocol,sampled-data control
A Value-Driven Eldercare Robot: Virtual and Physical Instantiations of a Case-Supported Principle-Based Behavior Paradigm	2019	Proceedings of the IEEE	1963-2012 IEEE.In this paper, a case-supported principle-based behavior paradigm is proposed to help ensure ethical behavior of autonomous machines. We argue that ethically significant behavior of autonomous systems should be guided by explicit ethical principles determined through a consensus of ethicists. Such a consensus is likely to emerge in many areas in which autonomous systems are apt to be deployed and for the actions they are liable to undertake. We believe that this is the case since we are more likely to agree on how machines ought to treat us than on how human beings ought to treat one another. Given such a consensus, particular cases of ethical dilemmas where ethicists agree on the ethically relevant features and the right course of action can be used to help discover principles that balance these features when they are in conflict. Such principles not only help ensure ethical behavior of complex and dynamic systems but also can serve as a basis for justification of this behavior. The requirements, methods, implementation, and evaluation components of the paradigm are detailed as well as its instantiation in both a simulated and real robot functioning in the domain of eldercare.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Artificial intelligence,machine ethics,machine learning,ocmputer science,robotics
Implementation of heuristical PID tuning for nonlinear system control	2019	International Review of Automatic Control	2019 Praise Worthy Prize S.r.l.-All rights reserved.Quadcopter based technology utilizes a hybrid structure that delivers the ultimate services for auto control system and managements. The main objective of this study is to identify PID parameters for real nonlinear system, which is a Quadcopter flying based on certain parameters via experiment method. The control law has been programmed in Teensy development board wired to 10-DOF IMU ‘Inertial Measurement Unit’ and other sensors in order to get a home-made autopilot. Accordingly, the procedure for PID controller is tuning the autopilot using ‘Ziegler-Nichols’ in order to identify the three parameters of PID which generate a stable response in lowest time-consuming. The Z-N ‘Ziegler-Nichols’ has been implemented in real time case for Quadcopter application through altitude stabilization in a nonlinear system. In conclusion, the results shows that, the significant contribution of Ziegler-Nichols implementation in nonlinear system of the altitude stabilization has been accurately defined as an alternative method of Ziegler-Nichols which has been originally designed for linear system only.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Saudi Arabia	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Altitude Model of a Quadcopter,Heuristic Procedure Implementation,PID Control,Teensy 3.2,Ziegler and Nichols Method
Multiple Equipment Integrated Scheduling and Storage Space Allocation in Rail–Water Intermodal Container Terminals Considering Energy Efficiency	2019	Transportation Research Record	National Academy of Sciences: Transportation Research Board 2019.The rail–water coordinated operation area in a container terminal is the key place to operate the transshipment of intermodal containers between the rail and the sea—the handling efficiency in which can affect the overall transport turnover efficiency. A complicated operational process for various handling equipment exists in this coordinated operation area and can lead to a large amount of energy consumption and environmental pollution. This study proposes an integrated optimization approach to manage the multiple equipment integrated scheduling and storage space allocation problem in an energy-efficient way. A bi-objective optimization model is proposed to minimize the overall operation time and energy consumption, in which the handling operations of imported and exported intermodal containers are considered simultaneously. A genetic algorithm based heuristic algorithm is developed to solve the problem. Results from computational experiments indicate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed model and algorithm, verifying that a near-optimum solution can be obtained for large-scale problems efficiently, which contributes to the improvement of operation services in rail–water intermodal container terminals.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	China	2	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Neural network adaptive sliding mode control for omnidirectional vehicle with uncertainties	2019	ISA Transactions	2018 ISAThis paper presents a novel neural network adaptive sliding mode control (NNASMC) method to design the dynamic control system for an omnidirectional vehicle. The omnidirectional vehicle is equipped with four Mecanum wheels that are actuated by separate motors, and thus has the omnidirectional mobility and excellent athletic ability in a narrow space. Considering various uncertainties and unknown external disturbances, kinematic and dynamic models of the omnidirectional vehicle are established. The inner-loop controller is designed based the sliding mode control (SMC) method, while the out-loop controller uses the proportion integral derivative (PID) method. In order to achieve the stable and robust performance, the artificial neural network (ANN) based adaptive law is introduced to model and estimated the various uncertainties disturbances. Stability and robustness of the proposed control method are analyzed using the Lyapunov theory. The performance of the proposed NNASMC method is verified and compared with the classical PID controller and SMC controller through both the computer simulation and the platform experiment. Results validate the effectiveness and robustness of the NNASMC method in presence of uncertainties and unknown external disturbances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Artificial neural network,Mecanum wheel,Omnidirectional vehicle,Sliding mode control
Automatic labeling of large amounts of handwritten characters with gate-guided dynamic deep learning	2019	Pattern Recognition Letters	2017 Elsevier B.V.Most successful methods based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) rely on a large number of labeled samples to achieve a promising performance. However, manually labeling data is a very expensive and time-consuming task. To address this problem, we propose a simple yet very effective method called gate-guided dynamic learning (GDL), to automatically label large amounts of handwritten data based on a relatively tiny number of labeled data. The proposed method utilizes an optimized path signature method to represent online characters and employs gated control to guide the CNN in dynamically correcting wrong labels. With this method, the CNN can gradually label large quantities of unlabeled data with high accuracy which is comparable to human labeling. Experiments on CASIA-OLHWDB showed that our method achieved a labeling error of 0.46% when labeling 97% of unlabeled data. For a large dataset with 10,081 classes, the proposed method can use 100 labeled samples per class to automatically label the rest of the 1100 unlabeled samples with a labeling error of 0.31%. For an offline MNIST dataset, by using only 10 samples for each class, the proposed method achieved a labeling error of 0.34% for 57,288 unlabeled samples, which outperforms existing state-of-the-art results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Signal Processing,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Automatic labeling,Gate guided,Handwritten characters,Path signature
Environmental Features Recognition for Lower Limb Prostheses Toward Predictive Walking	2019	IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and Rehabilitation Engineering	2001-2011 IEEE.This paper aims to present a robust environmental features recognition system (EFRS) for lower limb prosthesis, which can assist the control of prosthesis by predicting the locomotion modes of amputees and estimating environmental features in the following steps. A depth sensor and an inertial measurement unit are combined to stabilize the point cloud of environments. Subsequently, the 2D point cloud is extracted from origin 3D point cloud and is classified through a neural network. Environmental features, including slope of road, width, and height of stair, were also estimated via the 2D point cloud. Finally, the EFRS is evaluated through classifying and recognizing five kinds of common environments in simulation, indoor experiments, and outdoor experiments by six healthy subjects and three transfemoral amputees, and databases of five healthy subjects and three amputees are used to validate without training. The classification accuracy of five kinds of common environments reach up to 99.3% and 98.5% for the amputees in the indoor and outdoor experiments, respectively. The locomotion modes are predicted at least 0.6 s before the switch of actual locomotion modes. Most estimation errors of indoor and outdoor environments features are lower than 5% and 10%, respectively. The overall process of EFRS takes less than 0.023 s. The promising results demonstrate the robustness and the potential application of the presented EFRS to help the control of lower limb prostheses.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Internal Medicine,Neuroscience (all),Biomedical Engineering	environmental features recognition,locomotion modes prediction,predictivewalking,Prostheses,vision
Applying the Parallel Systems Approach to Automatic Container Terminal 平行系统方法在自动化集装箱码头中的应用研究	2019	Zidonghua Xuebao/Acta Automatica Sinica	Copyright  2019 Acta Automatica Sinica. All rights reserved.Parallel systems are a kind of scientific research method based on artificial society and computational experiments, which can not only reflect the dynamic process of real system but also optimize the control process of the real system in real time. The automatic container terminal is a typical complex system having numerous operating schemes and a large number of constraints. How to accomplish the container transport task with intermittent and batch features while using minimum time and energy consumption is a major issue, which involves many disciplines such as mathematics, control, management and computer. In this paper, the data engine is used as the basic computing unit of the artificial society of parallel systems, to study the information control system of the container terminal. As a computing environment for graphical configuration, the data engine is ideal for modeling and computation of complex systems. With the support of the visualization and dynamic reconfiguration technologies, 380 data engines are used to perform computational experiments on the automation process of a port system, which consists of 8 bridge cranes, 25 AGVs and 16 gantry cranes. The results indicate the effectiveness of the data engine technology for parallel systems, and the computing environment composed of multiple data engines can greatly reduce the modeling complexity of the port information control system as well as make the information management work with the control process cooperatively. The proposed parallel systems can connect to port devices directly to establish a parallel relationship between "artificial container terminal" and "physical container terminal" so as to achieve the optimal control of the port devices.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Automatic container terminal,Complex system,Data engine,Multi-agents,Parallel system
A systematic disturbance analysis method for resilience evaluation: A case study in material handling systems	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.With the development of intelligent manufacturing technology, the material handling system (MHS) faces larger resilience challenges that threaten the sustainability of the system. To evaluate system resilience, the disturbance that the system may experience and the system response need to be identified in advance. This paper proposes a systematic and innovative approach to performing resilience-related disturbance analysis, i.e., disturbance mode and effects analysis (DMEA). Using this method, the possible disturbance modes, their occurrence probabilities, and the quantitative effects on system performance can be collected in a bottom-up process, and the information can be applied to further resilience quantification. Moreover, a quantitative system resilience evaluation framework for the MHS based on DMEA and the Monte Carlo method is presented. Production is defined as the key performance index of the system and is monitored to reflect the resilience behavior of the system after the disturbance occurs. The resilience of a tire tread handing system is quantified in our case study, and the results show the effectiveness of our DMEA-based resilience evaluation method. We also find that a reasonable system configuration and maintenance strategy can effectively improve system resilience, and a trade-off can be made between resilience and cost.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Disturbance mode identification,Material handling system,Performance degradation and recovery process,Resilience evaluation
Evaluation of the relation between lean manufacturing, industry 4.0, and sustainability	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Nowadays, Lean Manufacturing, Industry 4.0, and Sustainability are important concerns for the companies and in a general way for the society, principally, the influence of the two production philosophies, Lean Manufacturing and Industry 4.0, in the three main pillars of sustainability: economic, environmental, and social. According to the literature review done in this work, these relations are not well known and are dispersed by different sustainability's criteria. To address this gap, this research proposes a structural equation model, with six hypotheses, to quantitatively measure the effects of Lean Manufacturing and Industry 4.0, in Sustainability. To statistically validate such hypotheses, we collected 252 valid questionnaires from industrial companies of Iberian Peninsula (Portugal and Spain). Results show that: (1) it is not conclusive that Lean Manufacturing is correlated with any of the sustainability pillars; and (2) Industry 4.0 shows a strong correlation with the three sustainability pillars. These results can contribute as an important decision support for the industrial companies and its stakeholders, even because not all the results are in line with other opinions and studies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	16	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	And social,Economic,Environmental,Industry 4.0,Lean Manufacturing,Structure equations modeling,Sustainability
Integrated Scheduling of Multiple AGVs and Machines in Flexible Job Shops 柔性作业车间多自动导引小车和机器的集成调度	2019	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	2019, China Mechanical Engineering Magazine Office. All right reserved.For the flexible job shop-scheduling problem with AGVs, a hybrid genetic algorithm was proposed based on the time window and Dijkstra algorithm. Firstly, a mathematical model of the dual resource scheduling of AGV/machine was established. Secondly, three solutions were used to deal with conflicts and collisions in multiple AGV path planning. Then in order to take integrated scheduling of machine and AGVs into account, three encoding chain structures and the crossover and mutation operators of AGV coding chain were designed. Meanwhile, the Dijkstra algorithm was combined with the time window principles in the decoding operations of genetic algorithm, which may accurately plan a shortest path without collisions and conflicts for the taskes of AGVs. Finally, the feasibility, effectiveness and superiority of this algorithm were verified by numerical examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle(AGV)/machine integrated scheduling,Dijkstra algorithm,Genetic algorithm,Time window
Virtual pheromone-based approach for objects searching in RFID-based cyber-physical robotic systems	2019	Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference on Applied Smart Systems, ICASS 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper describes the use of the Radio Frequency IDentification (RFID) technology to search for objects (products) by a set of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) evolving inside a 2D grid workspace cluttered with static obstacles (warehouse, etc For this aim, a number of RFID tags are deployed in order to be exploited by the robots carrying out their tasks. In addition, an interaction mechanism based on virtual pheromones to control the robots is described. Furthermore, a stigmergic search for objects of interest is presented; this indirect interaction mechanism is used to control the robots moving inside their workspace while spreading and reading pheromones. The simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed approach and the minimization of the overall number of visited nodes.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	1	Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Digital pheromones,RFID-based cyber-physical robotic systems,Searching for objects,Warehouses
Three-phase qubits-based quantum ant colony optimization algorithm for path planning of automated guided vehicles	2019	International Journal of Robotics and Automation	2018 Acta Press.All right reserved.In this work, a novel quantum ant colony optimization for the path planning of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) based on three-phase qubits is presented. First, three-phase qubits, which can achieve a trade-off between the searching accuracy and speed, are utilized. Second, an artificial potential field for road networks with discrete links and nodes is defined to avoid conflicts among AGVs. Attractive and repulsive forces are employed to guide AGVs to their destinations and maintain the space-time distances among them. Finally, two typical working modes - operation line and operation parallel - are simulated for the path planning of AGVs at an automated container terminal. The simulation results illustrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Artificial potential field,Automated guided vehicles,Path planning,Quantum ant colony optimization,Three-phase qubits
Navigation Control of an Automatic Guided Forklift	2019	2019 1st International Symposium on Instrumentation, Control, Artificial Intelligence, and Robotics, ICA-SYMP 2019	2019 IEEE.This paper presents navigation control of an unmanned autonomous forklift. The autonomous navigation in an indoor environment is conducted using waypoints following algorithm. The forklift is equipped with on board computation and sensors to accommodate autonomous function. The experimental results show the efficiency of the waypoints tracking algorithm in comparison with the ground truth.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computational Mechanics,Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Laser Guided Vehicle,Navigation and Control,Waypoint Following Algorithm
Development of Autonomous Mobile Robot Platform with Mecanum Wheels	2019	2019 1st International Symposium on Instrumentation, Control, Artificial Intelligence, and Robotics, ICA-SYMP 2019	2019 IEEE.Nowadays, an Autonomous Mobile Robot (AMR) has been introduced to use in industrial application. In fact, it can find the best path to reach the target area by using preloaded map. The AMR uses data from cameras and LIDAR or laser scanner to detect surroundings to create a computer map for path planning. This paper shows a development of a mobile robot platform with Mecanum wheels for autonomous navigation, including its mechanical design, system design and robot construction. In addition, the robot using NVIDIA Jetson TX2 installed with ROS as a high-level control to accomplish navigation tasks. Data from RP LIDAR A2 and Intel Realsense Camera D415 were used to create robot map. While a low-level control use Teensy 3.2 microcontroller in order to send PWM signal and get sensor data from IMU including encoder. The robot design for educational and research purposes in order to move the object from the origin to the desired area automatically.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computational Mechanics,Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Autonomous Mobile Robot,Mecanum wheel,Mobile Platform,Omni directional
A multi-DoF ultrasonic receiving device for indoor positioning of AGV system	2019	Proceedings - 2018 International Symposium on Computer, Consumer and Control, IS3C 2018	2018 IEEE.In this paper, the AGV (Automated guided vehicles) positioning errors caused by wave loss phenomenon of ultrasonic sensor and the influence of the ultrasonic signal receiving angle are analyzed. In order to reduce the positioning error and blind area, a multi-degree of freedom (Multi-DoF) ultrasonic receiving device is designed. The Multi-DoF ultrasonic receiving device is fixed on the roof with two steering engine, whose horizontal rotate angle is 360 degrees and the vertical rotate angle is greater than 180 degrees. The Multi-DoF ultrasonic receiving device can aim at the ultrasonic transmitting device on AGV and automatically follow its moving in real time. Experiment results show, the average positioning error is 3.3 cm in fixed points positioning experiment, which improve greatly the positioning accuracy compared with the existing methods.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Systems Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Signal Processing	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Indoor positioning,Positioning error,Ultrasonic positioning,Ultrasonic sensor
Multimodal processes prototyping subject to grid-like network and fuzzy operation time constraints	2019	Annals of Operations Research	2017, The Author(s).This paper describes a Grid-like Material Transportation Network (GMTN) in which several heterogeneous means of transportation (Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), hoists, lifts, etc.) interact with each other via common shared workstations to provide a variety of demand-responsive material handling operations. Different material handling transport modes provide movement of workpieces between workstations along their manufacturing routes in the GMTN and they can be seen as processes realized with synergic utilization of various local periodically acting unimodal processes. The main contribution of this research is the solution of a constraint satisfaction problem addressing AGVs fleet match-up scheduling subject to GMTN and fuzzy operation time constraints. In the presented case both production rate (production takt) and operations execution time are described by imprecise (fuzzy) data. In other words, the research’s objective concerns assessing grid-like networks of periodically acting local transportation modes from the perspective of possible mass-customized oriented requirements imposed on scheduling of multimodal flows of jobs assigned to certain technological routes passing through common shared workstations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	5	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	AGVs fleet scheduling,Declarative modelling,Fuzzy constraints,Grid-like network,Multimodal process
Priority-based intelligent allocation scheduling model	2019	AIP Conference Proceedings	2019 Author(s). With the development of intelligent control system, RGV (Rail Guide Vehicle) orbital automatic guided vehicle came into being, which is widely used in processing and production. This paper studies and analyzes the RGV dynamic adjustment strategy in intelligent processing system. Firstly, we establish the mathematical model of intelligent distribution through priority method and combination weight. Secondly the priority type adjustment value is introduced to adjust the priority, and then the failure coefficient B is referenced, and multiplied by the initial priority P to obtain the fault-related Priority. Finally use the adjustment type coefficient k a , modify the priority type adjustment value to make the system tend to steady state, and give the optimal RGV scheduling scheme.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Combination weight,Failure factor,Priority
Laser guided four-wheel drive AGV trolley	2019	AIP Conference Proceedings	2019 Author(s).A laser guided AGV car was developed and the path planning was implemented based on the car. The laser guided car uses lidar to detect the surrounding terrain. The laser-guided AGV car is a kind of mobile robot. It has the characteristics of precise positioning, no need for any treatment on the ground, convenient path changes and strong universality. Battery-powered, free path for laser positioning guidance. Can be equipped with different transfer mechanisms to complete the operational tasks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Automatic cruise,Automatic obstacle avoidance,Data transmission,Laser guidance,Path planning,Radar detection
Joint scheduling of production and transport with alternative job routing in flexible manufacturing systems	2019	AIP Conference Proceedings	2019 Author(s).This work proposes a mathematical programming model for jointly scheduling of production and transport in flexible manufacturing systems considering alternative job routing. Although production scheduling and transport scheduling have been vastly researched, most of the works address them independently. In addition, the few that consider their simultaneous scheduling assume job routes as an input, i.e., the machine-operation allocation is previously determined. However, in flexible manufacturing systems, this is an important source of flexibility that should not be ignored. The results show the model efficiency in solving small-sized instances.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	3	Ecology, Evolution, Behavior and Systematics,Ecology,Plant Science,Physics and Astronomy (all),Nature and Landscape Conservation	None
Simulation models for offshore port service concepts	2019	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Offshore port service concepts were developed to flexibly respond to the emergence of large container ships and the increase in port trade volume. As one such offshore service concept, a mobile harbor system has recently been proposed. Although it is possible to effectively increase the capacity of existing ports through these mobile harbor systems, the methodology for evaluating the performance of a traditional port is limited when applied to evaluating the performance of the mobile harbor system. In this study, we develop a simulation model to analyze the mobile harbor system. The simulation model reflects the operating characteristics of the mobile harbor, and the performance metric of the system can be derived from the model. The results can be applied to capacity planning of a port system with a method that reduces search space. We applied our method to the Surabaya port in Indonesia to derive the optimal mobile harbor design that satisfies the required service level.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Complex system optimization,Mobile harbor,Offshore port service,Port design,Simulation model
Modeling and analysis of FMS performance variables by fuzzy TISM	2019	Journal of Modelling in Management	2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to identify the flexible manufacturing system performance variables and analyze the interactions among these variables. Interpretive structural modeling (ISM) has been reported for this but no study has been done regarding the interaction of its variables. Therefore, fuzzy TISM (total ISM) has been applied to deduce the relationship and interactions between the variables and driving and dependence power of these variables are examined by fuzzy MICMAC. Design/methodology/approach: Fuzzy TISM and fuzzy MICMAC analysis have been applied to deduce the relationship and interactions among the variables and driving and dependence power of these variables are examined by fuzzy MICMAC. Findings: In total, 15 variables have been identified from the extensive literature review. The result showed that automation, use of automated material handling, an effect of tool life and rework percentage have high driving power and weak dependence power in the fuzzy TISM model and fuzzy MICMAC analysis. These are also at the lowest level in the hierarchy in the fuzzy TISM model. Originality/value: Fuzzy TISM model has been suggested for manufacturing industries with fuzzy MICMAC analysis. This proposed approach is a novel attempt to integrate TISM approach with the fuzzy sets. The integration of TISM with fuzzy sets provides flexibility to decision-makers to further understand the level of influences of one criterion over another, which was earlier present only in the form of binary (0, 1) numbers; 0 represents no influence and 1 represents influence.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	7	Decision Sciences (all),Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Manufacturing,Modelling,Operations management,Performance management
Contextual impacts on industrial processes brought by the digital transformation of manufacturing: A systematic review	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The digital transformation of manufacturing (a phenomenon also known as "Industry 4.0" or "Smart Manufacturing") is finding a growing interest both at practitioner and academic levels, but is still in its infancy and needs deeper investigation. Even though current and potential advantages of digital manufacturing are remarkable, in terms of improved efficiency, sustainability, customization, and flexibility, only a limited number of companies has already developed ad hoc strategies necessary to achieve a superior performance. Through a systematic review, this study aims at assessing the current state of the art of the academic literature regarding the paradigm shift occurring in the manufacturing settings, in order to provide definitions as well as point out recurring patterns and gaps to be addressed by future research. For the literature search, the most representative keywords, strict criteria, and classification schemes based on authoritative reference studies were used. The final sample of 156 primary publications was analyzed through a systematic coding process to identify theoretical and methodological approaches, together with other significant elements. This analysis allowed a mapping of the literature based on clusters of critical themes to synthesize the developments of different research streams and provide the most representative picture of its current state. Research areas, insights, and gaps resulting from this analysis contributed to create a schematic research agenda, which clearly indicates the space for future evolutions of the state of knowledge in this field.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	18	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Business model innovation,Business process innovation,Digital manufacturing,Digital transformation,Industry 4.0,Literature analysis,Smart manufacturing,Sustainable innovation,Systematic literature review,Technology and innovation management
Efffeu project: Towards mission-guided application of drones in safety and security environments	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The number of unmanned aerial system (UAS) applications for supporting rescue forces is growing in recent years. Nevertheless, the analysis of sensed information and control of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) creates an enormous psychological and emotional load for the involved humans especially in critical and hectic situations. The introduced research project EffFeu (Efficient Operation of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle for Industrial Firefighters) especially focuses on a holistic integration of UAS in the daily work of industrial firefighters. This is done by enabling autonomous mission-guided control on top of the presented overall system architecture, goal-oriented high-level task control, comprehensive localisation process combining several approaches to enable the transition from and to GNSS-supported and GNSS-denied environments, as well as a deep-learning based object recognition of relevant entities. This work describes the concepts, current stage, and first evaluation results of the research project.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	4	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Decision-making,Decisional autonomy,Deep learning,GNSS-denied localisation,Object recognition,Planning
An INS-UWB based collision avoidance system for AGV	2019	Algorithms	2019 by the authors.As a highly automated carrying vehicle, an automated guided vehicle (AGV) has been widely applied in various industrial areas. The collision avoidance of AGV is always a problem in factories. Current solutions such as inertial and laser guiding have low flexibility and high environmental requirements. An INS (inertial navigation system)-UWB (ultra-wide band) based AGV collision avoidance system is introduced to improve the safety and flexibility of AGV in factories. An electronic map of the factory is established and the UWB anchor nodes are deployed in order to realize an accurate positioning. The extended Kalman filter (EKF) scheme that combines UWB with INS data is used to improve the localization accuracy. The current location of AGV and its motion state data are used to predict its next position, decrease the effect of control delay of AGV and avoid collisions among AGVs. Finally, experiments are given to show that the EKF scheme can get accurate position estimation and the collisions among AGVs can be detected and avoided in time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Theoretical Computer Science,Numerical Analysis,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computational Mathematics	AGV,Collision avoidance,INS,UWB
Improvements of direct current motor control and motion trajectory algorithm development for automated guided vehicle	2019	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2019.The precise control of the two-wheel independent drive motor speed of automated guided vehicle is the prerequisite for high-precision operation of its actuator. The optimization of motor control performance has been a topic of concern to researchers. First, the model identification of direct current motor is done. Second, there are two control strategies, including parallel proportional–integral–differential control strategy and the coupling proportional–integral–differential control strategy, which are researched and compared for the direct current motor control system of automated guided vehicle in dispatching the goods from one location to another with greater ease. Finally, the motion trajectory algorithm of automated guided vehicle is also proposed on the basis of kinematics theory. Besides, the above control strategies and algorithm improved for automated guided vehicle are simulated by the MATLAB tool and the experimental simulations by Kinect sensor, and the simulation results show that the coupling proportional–integral–differential control strategy is slightly better in controlling performance because of some smaller cumulative errors and the better start performance. Meanwhile, the motion trajectory algorithm of automated guided vehicle under both the control strategies can achieve different effects in different control cases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,coupling proportional–integral–differential control,direct current motor,Kinect sensor,motion trajectory,parallel proportional–integral–differential control,system identification
Optimal facility layout planning for AGV-based modular prefabricated manufacturing system	2019	Automation in Construction	2018 Elsevier B.V.Cross-industry learning of the Toyota production system has inspired the precast factories in the construction industry to adopt an automated guided vehicle (AGV)-based flow production system for the manufacturing of their modular prefabricated products. Compared to the production process of automobiles, the manufacturing process of modular prefabricated products is very unbalanced leading to a large pool of queues. And additionally, after some operations, settling is needed. Hence, due to these unique features, facility layout is a crucial element that needs to be well planned in order to achieve a feasible and efficient system. In this regard, this paper proposes an approach to plan the facility layout of the investigated AGV-based modular prefabricated manufacturing system. The paper firstly gives an optimization method for the size arrangement of the workstation area and the storage area. There are two conflicting objectives in the optimization model: one is to minimize the production time and the other is to maximize the workstation utilization. A simulation based non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm is developed to solve the model. Then, the paper proposes a heuristic method to guide the placement, reshuffle, and retrieval of the modular prefabricated products in the storage area. According to the heuristic, there is no need of dedicated paths for AGVs. The storage area can be fully occupied by the work-in-progress and the AGV traveling paths are dynamically generated. And thirdly, the paper is also able to provide a suitable size of the AGV fleet which is able to accomplish the moving tasks in time. The experimental test on an industrial case shows the potential of the proposed planning approach to guide the real practice.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction	Facility layout,Modular prefabricated manufacturing,Non-dominated genetic algorithm,Simulation,Storage plan
Smart sensors applications for a new paradigm of a production line	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Industrial plants are going to face a deep renewing process within the Industry 4.0 scenario. New paradigms of production lines are foreseen in the very near future, characterized by a strict collaboration between humans and robots and by a high degree of flexibility. Such envisaged improvements will require the smart use of proper sensors at very different levels. This paper investigates three different aspects of this industrial renewing process, based on three different ways of exploiting sensors, toward a new paradigm of a production line. The provided contributions, offering various types of innovation and integration, are relative to: (i) a virtual sensor approach for manual guidance, increasing the potentialities of a standard industrial manipulator, (ii) a smart manufacturing solution to assist the operator’s activity in manual assembly stations, through an original exploitation of multiple sensors, and (iii) the development of an advanced robotic architecture for a flexible production line, in which a team of autonomous mobile robots acts as a meta-sensor net supporting traditional automated guided vehicles. Accurate analyses of existing state-of-the-art solutions compared with the proposed ones are offered for the considered issues.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	5	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Industry 4.0,Production line,Smart sensor applications
Path Planning for Anti-Ship Missile Using Tangent Based Dubins Path	2019	Proceedings - 2019 2nd International Conference on Intelligent Autonomous Systems, ICoIAS 2019	2019 IEEE.Path planning is a significant component to achieve successful operation of anti-ship missile in dynamic battlefield environment. A threat-free path planning algorithm based on geometric tangent Dubins path is proposed in this paper. First, the constraints need to be satisfied for threat-free path planning are presented, and the problem model of missile path planning is constructed. Then, the geometric tangent between two threat circles is taken advantage of guiding the missile to avoid the threat, and the basic turn and straight line path is generated based on Dubins path. At last, the adaptability of the proposed algorithm in complex battlefield environment is verified by simulations. The results show that the Dubins path avoidance method based on geometric tangent can meet the requirements of flight path, obstacle avoidance and real-time planning, which make it have a strong application prospect.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Automotive Engineering,Control and Optimization	Dubins path,geimetric tangent,missile path planning
Pallet Detection Based on Contour Matching for Warehouse Robots 一种基于轮廓匹配的仓储机器人托盘检测方法	2019	Shanghai Jiaotong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Shanghai Jiaotong University	2019, Shanghai Jiao Tong University Press. All right reserved.Pallet detection is the key step of cargo handling for warehouse robots. A pallet detection method based on point clouds plane contour matching is proposed to solve the current detection method problems that are not robust to illumination and relative position between the pallet and sensor. Point clouds generated by time-of-flight (ToF) camera are filtered and segmented to different planes using region-growing method constrained by surface normal. Then point clouds are projected to the grid image along the plane's principle normal direction. Fusion contour feature of Hu moment invariants and scale feature extracted from grid image contour is applied for similarity matching between the target and template pallet contour. The experimental results show that the method has high recognition rate and strong robustness under the circumstance of complex illumination, uncertain distance and relative pose between the pallet and sensor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	Contour matching,Hu moment invariants,Pallet detection,Time-of-flight (ToF) camera
Health-aware model-predictive control of a cooperative AGV-based production system	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In the paper, a new scheduling strategy for assembly systems consisting of cooperating Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) based on their remaining operational time is developed. The operational time is associated with state of charge and state of health of the AGV battery. While the latter is defined as a possible number of repetitions of a set of given tasks, both are impossible to measure on-line directly with conventional sensors. Therefore, a novel state-of-charge estimator is proposed, which uses battery current and voltage sensor readings. In contrast to the approaches presented in the literature, a comprehensive analysis of its convergence is provided. Subsequently, a state-of-health predictor is developed. With the above measures, a new control strategy for cooperative AGVs is proposed. It is achieved by the allocation of alternative tasks among two cooperating robots referring to the state of the accomplished tasks from the previous stage of the assembly process. The proposed method allows a predictive control of assembly processes with several constraints, e.g., productivity of each assembly station, speed of the communication, or operation capability of the robots involved in the assembling process. The final part of the paper shows an experimental study exhibiting the performance of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	6	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Assembly systems,Model predictive control,Robot control,Scheduling,State-of-health assessment
Optimized design method of aero-engine rotor structure layout 航空发动机转子结构布局优化设计方法	2019	Beijing Hangkong Hangtian Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics	2019, Editorial Board of JBUAA. All right reserved.Structure is the comprehensive embodiment of aero-engine function, performance, and reliabi-lity design level, and all technical requirements, performance indicators, strength indicators, or structural safety and reliability should be based on reasonable structure layout design. This paper puts forward the viewpoint of the layout and optimization about the aero-engine rotor structure. Taking the structure configuration of the high-pressure rotor of a typical turbofan engine as an example and based on the response surface method of the design of experiment (DOE), the finite element method is used to calculate through multi-objective genetic optimization algorithm. Relevant optimization calculations are carried out from the aspects of deformation resistance, mechanical environment adaptability and rotor structural efficiency respectively. It is demonstrated that reasonable structure layout can greatly enhance the mechanical properties of rotors. The research method is of great guiding significance for the initial structure layout design of the aero-engine rotor system, which can significantly reduce the number of iterations and shorten the design cycle.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Aerospace Engineering	Aero-engine,Configuration design,Rotor system,Structural efficiency,Structure layout
Research on path planning of mobile robot based on improved ant colony algorithm 基于改进蚁群算法的移动机器人路径规划研究	2019	Yi Qi Yi Biao Xue Bao/Chinese Journal of Scientific Instrument	2019, Science Press. All right reserved.The ant colony algorithm is slow in convergence and easy to fall into local optimal value in complex environment. To solve these problems, an improved ant colony optimization algorithm is proposed. The position information of the starting point and the target point are utilized to select the global favorable region. In this way, the initial pheromone concentration is increased and the efficiency of early ant search is improved. The obstacle avoidance strategy is added to avoid ant blind search. A large number of cross paths are generated and the number of ant deadlocks is effectively reduced. Based on the pseudorandom transfer strategy of dynamic parameter control, the global performance of the algorithm is improved. The updating principle of high quality ant pheromone and adjusting the volatility coefficient adaptively are proposed. The second path planning is carried out to optimize the path and reduce the loss of energy consumption of mobile robots. Experimental results show that the algorithm has the feature of higher global searching ability, faster convergence speed and higher working efficiency of mobile robot. The proposed algorithm is verified to be effective and superior.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Instrumentation	Ant colony algorithm,Deadlock,Mobile robot,Path planning
Modeling the closed queueing network of truck allocation optimization in container terminals	2019	Xitong Gongcheng Lilun yu Shijian/System Engineering Theory and Practice	2019, Editorial Board of Journal of Systems Engineering Society of China. All right reserved.The truck allocation problem based on double cycling is introduced to increase the handling efficiency and service availability in container terminals. The terminal operation system is regarded as a service network and a queueing network model based on double cycling is proposed. The service process of trucks is described and the service availability of the terminal handling system with different resource allocation is analyzed. Based on the analysis, the bottleneck operation which restricts the whole terminal handling efficiency is revealed. An optimization model considering the waiting time of trucks and the utilization of equipment is developed. The goal of the model is to optimize the truck allocation with minimum terminal operation cost. To solve the model, an algorithm is designed. The relationship between the terminal efficiency and the allocation of quay cranes, trucks and yard cranes from the service network's view is shown. And a reference for the equipment scheduling and service designing in container terminals is provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Economic Geology,Computer Science Applications	Container terminal,Queueing network,Truck allocation
An Effective Corrective Remedial Action Algorithm to Prevent Voltage Instability	2019	2019 IEEE 5th Conference on Knowledge Based Engineering and Innovation, KBEI 2019	2019 IEEE.The objective of this paper is to propose a fast and efficient corrective remedial action algorithm to prevent mid-term and long term voltage instability. In this method, voltage control areas (VCAs) are determined using electrical distance based partitioning algorithm and an improved line stability index has been proposed to assess the stability status of VCAs. Since those line stability indices proposed in the literature cannot assess the stability in real power systems (which have more than two buses), in this paper, an improved line stability index is proposed which can accurately determine the voltage stability stiffness. Then, considering the stability status of VCAs, a simple and effective corrective remedial action will be proposed to inhibit voltage instability. The performance of the proposed approach has been validated through several scenarios which are performed using DIgSILENT PowerFactory software in IEEE 39-bus test system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Biomedical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Instrumentation,Artificial Intelligence	Dynamic Voltage Stability,Line Stability Index,Load Shedding,Special Protection System
Research on solving method of similar cases considering customer preference	2019	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2019.Customer requirement preference is an important part of customer satisfaction. In view of similar case retrieval technology for existing product level, in the process of solving similar cases, there is no consideration for customer requirement preference. This article proposes a similar case solution method considering customer requirement preference. First, we deal with the expression of customer requirements and transform them into operable parameter forms according to the mapping model. Second, the preference graph is used to analyze the customer’s requirement preference, to determine the preference weight, and to weigh the final weight of the requirement node with the initial weight determined by the fuzzy analytic hierarchy process. Finally, the similarity degree solving model of requirement node and product case attribute parameters is established. By integrating the weights of the above-mentioned nodes, the similarity of the product case is obtained, and a more satisfied case of the customer is obtained. Taking the automated guided vehicle car product as an example, the effectiveness of the proposed method is verified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	mapping model,Preference graph,requirement node weight,requirement preference,similarity solution model
Dynamic p+q maximal hub location problem for freight transportation planning with rational markets	2019	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2019.In this article, a dynamic maximal hub location covering problem for a freight transportation system is studied, in which the model has the possibility of having expansion scenarios for future according to the forecasts of increasing demands. Two expansion scenarios are to add up the number of hubs in the network and to add up more carriers. As the markets are involved in the pricing procedure, the model is a bi-level problem which needs more effort to deal with, for which in this work two reformulations based on Karush–Kuhn–Tucker conditions and duality theory are utilized to reformulate the bi-level problem to a single-level one. To solve the model efficiently, a decomposition method is applied and numerical examples are solved to verify the accuracy of the proposed model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Mechanical Engineering	bi-level programming,decomposition,Maximal hub covering problem,reformulation
Kinematics-based incremental visual servo for robotic capture of non-cooperative target	2019	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	2018 Elsevier B.V.This paper presents the concept and experimental results of a kinematics-based incremental visual servo control approach for robotic manipulators with an eye-in-hand configuration to capture non-cooperative targets autonomously. The vision system is adopted to estimate the real time position and motion of the target by an integrated algorithm of photogrammetry and the adaptive extended Kalman filter. The unknown intercept point of trajectories of the target and the end-effector is dynamically predicted and updated based on the target estimates and is served as the desired position of the end-effector. An incremental control law is developed for the robotic manipulator to avoid multiple solutions of the robotic inverse kinematics. The end-effector is then controlled by the proposed control scheme to approach the dynamically estimated interception point directly. The proposed approach is validated experimentally by custom built robotic manipulator. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, uncertainties, such as, joint flexibility of the robotic manipulator, backlash of actuators, nonlinear target motion, camera mounting bias, etc., have not been considered in the control law. The experimental results show that the predicted minimum tracking time is reduced asymptotically as the end-effector approaches the target, which demonstrate the proposed control scheme is effective and reliable. The advantages of the proposed control approach are: it does not require a robotic dynamic model that most of the existing robotic control based on; it avoids the multiple solution problem in the inverse kinematics; it is insensitive to system uncertainties; and it is much easier for engineering implementation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Adaptive extended Kalman filter,Kinematics-based incremental control,Non-cooperative target,Robotic capture,Visual servo
Robot-storage zone assignment strategies in mobile fulfillment systems	2019	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	2018 Elsevier LtdThe robotic mobile fulfillment system (MFS) is widely used for automating storage pick and pack activities in e-commerce distribution centers. In this system, the items are stored on movable storage shelves, also known as inventory pods, and brought to the order pick stations by robotic drive units. We develop stylized performance evaluation models to analyze both order picking and replenishment processes in a mobile fulfillment system storage zone, based on multi-class closed queueing network models. To analyze robot assignment strategies for multiple storage zones, we develop a two-stage stochastic model. For a single storage zone, we compare dedicated and pooled robot systems for pod retrieval and replenishment. For multiple storage zones, we also analyze the effect of assigning robots to least congested zones on system throughput in comparison to random zone assignment. The models are validated using detailed simulations. For single zones, the expected throughput time for order picking reduces to one-third of its initial value by using pooled robots instead of dedicated robots; however, the expected replenishment time estimate increases up to three times. For multiple zones, we find that robots that are assigned to storage zones with dedicated and shortest queues provide a greater throughput than robots assigned at random to the zones.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	10	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Design insights,Mobile shelves,Queueing models,Robot assignment
Intelligent forklift obstacle detection based on dynamic change of laser scanning area 基于激光扫描区域动态变化的智能叉车障碍物检测	2019	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	2019, Editorial Department of the Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All right reserved.Dried fruits should be stored in warehouse by placing and stacking on the shelves. By using intelligent forklift to store and take goods on the shelves, the warehouse efficiency could be effectively solved, and the warehouse management of dried fruits could be promoted to be standardized and intelligent. Obstacle detection is the primary guarantee for the safe operation of intelligent forklifts, and the detection effect is also related to the efficient operation of intelligent forklifts in warehouse, as a key technology of intelligent vehicles, it has gradually become a research hot topic. However, the current researches focuse on small multi-degree-freedom intelligent vehicles, there is no research on obstacles detection methods for large intelligent forklift in dried fruit warehouse. Considering the limitations of warehouse layout, the detection region of traditional detection methods were mostly fixed shape, that means that the safety distance was fixed, so it was more suitable when forklift going straight in an open space, on the contrary, in the dried fruit warehouse with limited channel width, especially when turning, there would be false alarm, which would easily cause the large intelligent forklift to misjudge the objects that could be bypassed into potential obstacles, thus causing the forklift to change the road or stop sharply. In order to solve the false detection and realize the obstacle dynamic detection for large intelligent forklift in dried fruit warehouse, taking the reversing process of intelligent forklift as an example, an obstacles dynamic detection method based on dynamic change of laser scanning area with the speed and steering angle of large intelligent forklift in dried fruit warehouse was proposed in this paper. The real-time position and direction information of forklift in the global Cartesian coordinate system of warehouse was obtained by using on-board laser sensor SICK-NAV350, combining with the motion geometry model of forklift, the horizontal laser ranging sensor (SICK-LMS111) and the inclined laser ranging sensor (SICK-TIM561) scanning the obstacle in 2 planes, forming a dynamic detection area changing with the speed and steering angle of forklift. The real vehicle test results showed that the proposed method without error checking, the error detection rate of the sector method was 50.00% and that of the rectangle method was 10.00% in the testing of horizontal scan ranging sensor, the error detection rate of the sector method was 30.77% and that of the rectangle method was 69.23% in the testing of tilted scan ranging sensor. With tilted scanning range sensor as the auxiliary and horizontal scanning range sensor as the main part, a dynamic obstacle detection area based on fusion of 2 planes was formed, the minimum height of obstacles could be detected was about 31 mm when the installation angle of sensor SICK-TIM561 was 25.60°, the height to ground was 2 000 mm and the detection region width was set to 2 183 mm. The proposed method effectively solved the false alarm of intelligent forklift when driving in the warehouse, and was more suitable for warehousing and transportation than the traditional detection method, and improved the mobility and safety of intelligent forklift in warehouse. The research can provide reference for obstacle detection of large warehouse intelligent transport vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Dynamic detection,Intelligent system,Laser scan,Sensors,Vehicles,Warehouses
Safety path planning with obstacle avoidance using particle swarm optimization for agv in manufacturing layout	2019	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	2019, ICIC International. All rights reserved.In robotic systems, path planning is the one of important processes for robot motion. The best path planning is required for shortest path searching that can make fast movement of robot. However, the real environment is not only the path from point to point but it has obstacles which are the one of constraints for best path searching. The obstacle avoidance is concerned to avoid the crashing between robot and obstacle under environment. In Hard Disk Drive manufacturing, the first priority is safety constraint for non-collision and second priority is shortest path for processing time saving. This research designed the algorithm for path planning and obstacle avoidance for AGV in Hard Disk Drive Manufacturing of Seagate Technology (Thailand) Ltd by using particle swarm optimization. The fitness function on particle swarm optimization process for particle searching has been integrated with obstacle avoidance function to find the best path for robot without collision and total distance to find the shortest path. This algorithm is applied to verifying the model performance. The simulation results of this research are done by MATLAB 2016b and illustrate the good performance on different cases with controlled parameter.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Thailand	1	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Hard disk drive,Obstacle avoidance,Particle swarm optimization,Path planning,Safety constraint
Cutting trajectory planning of sections with complex composition for roadheader	2019	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part C: Journal of Mechanical Engineering Science	IMechE 2018.In order to realize the autonomous cutting for tunneling robot, the method of cutting trajectory planning of sections with complex composition was proposed. Firstly, based on the multi-sensor parameters, the existence, the location, and size of the dirt band were determined. The roadway section environment was modeled by grid method. Secondly, according to the cutting process and tunneling cutting characteristics, the cutting trajectory ant colony algorithm was proposed. To ensure the operation safety and avoid the cutting head collision, the expanding operation was adopt for dirt band, and the aborting strategy for the ants trapped in the local optimum was put forward to strengthen the pheromone concentration of the found path. The simulation results showed that the proposed method can be used to plan the optimal cutting trajectory. The ant colony algorithm was used to search for the shortest path to avoid collision with the dirt band, and the S-path cutting was used for the left area to fulfill section forming by following complete cover principle. All the ants have found the optimal path within 50 times iteration of the algorithm, and the simulation results were better than particle swarm optimization and basic ant colony optimization.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Mechanical Engineering	ant colony optimization,boom-type roadheader,cutting trajectory planning,grid method,Sections with complex composition
Output-feedback triple-step coordinated control for path following of autonomous ground vehicles	2019	Mechanical Systems and Signal Processing	2018 Elsevier LtdOver the past several decades, the automobile industry has devoted much significant research efforts to developing autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs). One of the most fundamental issues for AGVs is path following, which is concerned with the control strategy for AGVs to follow the scheduled paths. This paper presents a new path following control approach, where an output-feedback triple-step controller is designed to realize coordinated lateral and longitudinal control without a measurement of lateral velocity. The main contribution of this paper is the integrated design of the observer and control gains in the framework of Lyapunov stability and input-to-state stability (ISS) theory. The effectiveness of the proposed control system has been evaluated through simulations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Civil and Structural Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Autonomous ground vehicles,Output-feedback control,Path following,Reduced-order observer,Triple-step control
Automated refactoring of OCL constraints with search	2019	IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering	1976-2012 IEEE.Object Constraint Language (OCL) constraints are typically used to provide precise semantics to models developed with the Unified Modeling Language (UML). When OCL constraints evolve regularly, it is essential that they are easy to understand and maintain. For instance, in cancer registries, to ensure the quality of cancer data, more than one thousand medical rules are defined and evolve regularly. Such rules can be specified with OCL. It is, therefore, important to ensure the understandability and maintainability of medical rules specified with OCL. To tackle such a challenge, we propose an automated search-based OCL constraint refactoring approach (SBORA) by defining and applying four semantics-preserving refactoring operators (i.e., Context Change, Swap, Split and Merge) and three OCL quality metrics (Complexity, Coupling, and Cohesion) to measure the understandability and maintainability of OCL constraints. We evaluate SBORA along with six commonly used multi-objective search algorithms (e.g., Indicator-Based Evolutionary Algorithm (IBEA)) by employing four case studies from different domains: healthcare (i.e., cancer registry system from Cancer Registry of Norway (CRN)), Oil&Gas (i.e., subsea production systems), warehouse (i.e., handling systems), and an open source case study named SEPA. Results show: 1) IBEA achieves the best performance among all the search algorithms and 2) the refactoring approach along with IBEA can manage to reduce on average 29.25 percent Complexity and 39 percent Coupling and improve 47.75 percent Cohesion, as compared to the original OCL constraint set from CRN. To further test the performance of SBORA, we also applied it to refactor an OCL constraint set specified on the UML 2.3 metamodel and we obtained positive results. Furthermore, we conducted a controlled experiment with 96 subjects and results show that the understandability and maintainability of the original constraint set can be improved significantly from the perspectives of the 96 participants of the controlled experiment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	2	Software	CASE,Constraints,methodologies,metrics/measurement
Multi-objective simulation optimization for uncertain resource assignment and job sequence in automated flexible job shop	2019	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2018 Elsevier B.V.In this study a multi-objective problem considering uncertainty and flexibility of job sequence in an automated flexible job shop (AFJS) is considered using manufacturing simulation. The AFJS production system is considered as a complex problem due to automatic elements requiring planning and optimization. Several solution approaches are proposed lately in different categories of meta-heuristics, combinatorial optimization and mathematically originated methods. This paper provides the metamodel using simulation optimization approach based on multi-objective efficiency. The proposed metamodel includes different general techniques and swarm intelligent technique to reach the optimum solution of uncertain resource assignment and job sequences in an AFJS. In order to show the efficiency and productivity of the proposed approach, various experimental scenarios are considered. Results show the optimal resources assignment and optimal job sequence which cause efficiency and productivity maximization. The makespan, number of late jobs, total flow time and total weighted flow time minimization have been resulted in an automated flexible job shop too.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Software	Automated flexible job shop,Job sequence,Multi-objective simulation optimization,Uncertain resource assignment
The tactile internet for industries: A review	2019	Proceedings of the IEEE	1963-2012 IEEE.The term Tactile Internet broadly refers to a communication network that is capable of delivering real-time control, touch, and sensing/actuation information through sufficiently reliable, responsive, and intelligent connectivity. Envisioned to enable unprecedented applications, the Tactile Internet provides a promising opportunity to reshape industrial communication and transform the operation of many existing industrial systems. This paper investigates the role of Tactile Internet in current and future industrial systems and reviews the technological trends from legacy industrial networks to emerging industrial wireless networks, and beyond. To this end, this paper begins with an overview of the Tactile Internet. Complementing prior efforts, it presents a taxonomy of the key Tactile Internet applications. This paper covers the relevant background on the emergence of industrial communication. Then, it discusses the role of the Tactile Internet for various industrial systems and identifies the key use cases with respective connectivity requirements. This paper provides a technology landscape for the Tactile Internet to enable high-performance industrial wireless communication. Specifically, it provides insights into the recent Third Generation Partnership Project developments for enabling ultrareliable and low-latency communications over 5G mobile/cellular networks. It also examines the potential of the IEEE 802.11 and IEEE 802.15 standards for industrial control applications. Besides, it reviews the role of artificial intelligence and edge-computing platforms in overcoming the imperfections of wireless environments. Finally, this paper provides a roadmap for future, investigating the role of Tactile Internet in next generation industrial systems along with some directions and challenges for future research.	Journal	j	re	Review	United Kingdom	18	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	5G,Bluetooth,haptic communications,industrial wireless,Industry 4.0,long-term evolution (LTE)-A,networked control systems (NCSs),new radio (NR),protocol stack,remote operation,Tactile Internet,ultrareliable and low-latency communications (uRLLCs),wireless control,wireless local area networks (WLANs)
A classification and review of timed Markov models of manufacturing systems	2019	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdMany problems in manufacturing systems can be formulated via Markov stochastic modeling. This paper gives a review and classification of timed models of manufacturing systems with particular emphasis on Markov models. As the associated Markov chains of even small systems are characterized by the well-known state explosion or largeness problem, the review continues on with the models and methods for the numerical solutions of large Markov chains. In addition, the software tools are summarized. Finally, the paper provides some challenges and directions for further research on the modeling of manufacturing systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Kazakhstan	12	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Discrete-event dynamic systems,Large Markov chains,Largeness problem,Manufacturing systems,Markov models,Numerical solution,Software tools,Timed models
Simulation analysis of a deep reinforcement learning approach for task selection by autonomous material handling vehicles	2019	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2018 IEEEThe use of autonomous vehicles is a growing trend in the material handling and warehousing. Some challenges that face material handling include the navigation within a warehouse, precision localization and movement, and task selection decisions. In this paper, we address the issue of task selection. In particular, we develop a deep reinforcement learning methodology to enable a vehicle to select from among multiple tasks and move to the closest task in the context of material handling in a warehouse. To evaluate the deep reinforcement learning methodology, we conduct a simulation-based experiment to generate scenarios to first train and then test the capabilities of the method. The results of the experiment show that the method performs well under the given conditions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
A simulation model for the planning and control of AGVs at automated container terminals	2019	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	2018 IEEEThis paper presents a scalable and flexible agent-based simulation (ABS) model for the planning and control of AGVs at automated container terminals (ACTs). A comprehensive and generic multi-agent system is presented to effectively manage the container handling process between the quay and stacks of ACTs. Specifically, we design an agent-based Traffic Manager, which serves as a control application layer for all processes related to the horizontal transport of containers using AGVs. Our ABS model provides a playground to easily test out the effectiveness of different types and layouts of ACTs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
An approach to specify and test the control algorithm in focus framework	2019	2018 IEEE Conference on Open Systems, ICOS 2018	2018 IEEE.Complex embedded real time systems used in autonomous guided automotive and aerospace vehicles depend on validated control system software for meeting safety and mission critical objectives. The code implementation of these control laws presents a validation challenge due to the complexity of converting mathematical control equations, feed forward and feedback loops into validated software. This paper outlines an approach for defining specifications of a control law using focus framework. A discrete time synchronous control law consisting of gain scheduler, feedback, adder, integrator and derivative is defined in focus specifications. A methodology is presented wherein the top-level architecture is defined using composite graphical, constraint and operator styles. Sub components are specified in elementary equational and relational styles. These theoretical specifications are implemented and verified using Autofocus tool.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Focus Framework,Software Specifications,Verification
Scheduling of Multi-load Automated Guided Vehicles for Material Distribution Based on Multi-stage Auction Algorithm	2019	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	2018 IEEE.This paper studies the scheduling optimization problem of multi-load Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) for material distribution in automated plant and the objective of which is to minimize the total task completion time. Firstly, we establish a multi-stage auction optimization model with constraints. Secondly, we propose a multi-load AGV task assignment strategy based on multi-stage auction algorithm. The multi-stage auction algorithm can make full use of the characteristics of multi-load AGV and reduce the empty-loading ratio of multi-load AGV. Finally, the single-load AGV task assignment method and the strategy proposed in this paper are simulated and compared on the Microsoft Visual Studio 2013. The simulation results demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed strategy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	None
Stereo Vision based Cabin's 6-dimensional Pose Measurement in Docking Process	2019	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	2018 IEEE.Accurate pose (position and attitude) measurement is a key for automatic docking of cabins. In this paper, a stereo vision based cabin's six-dimensional (6D: three translational positions plus three rotational angles) pose measurement method has been proposed. First, the feature points provided by the visual marker pasted on each cabin's outer surfaces are extracted. The three-dimensional translational coordinates of the feature points in the camera coordinate system are obtained by the stereo vision system. Then the coordinate systems of two markers on two cabins are established through the feature points. The two cabins' 6D poses are denoted by two pose matrices calculated from the two markers' coordinate systems. Relative pose between two cabins is obtained through the two pose matrices. The pose measurement method has been verified using a six-degree-of-freedom (DOF) motion platform. Experimental results show that the errors in three translations and three rotations are ±0.06 mm out of ±5 mm and ±0.07° out of ±3°, respectively.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Cabin docking,Pose measurement,Stereo vision,Visual marker
Obstacle Avoidance Path Planning for Intelligent Forklift Truck Based on Dynamic Identification Zone and B-spline Curve 基于动态识别区和B样条曲线的智能叉车避障路径规划	2019	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2019, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.In order to reduce the false alarm rate of autonomous obstacle avoidance for intelligent forklift trucks in dried fruit warehouse and improve the utilization rate of warehouse space, combining with the characteristics of the operating environment of forklift truck, and basing on the laser sensor SICK-LMS111 and SICK-NAV350, a dynamic identification zone that the detection range was changed along with the speed and equivalent steering angle was set up to effectively detect obstacles in the direction of travel. Then, feature control point obtained by obstacles was taken as the segmentation point, and the quartic five-order quasi-uniform B-spline curves were used to generate the obstacle avoidance path by combining front and rear segments of curve, which met the multi-constraint conditions such as the minimum turning radius, the continuous curvature and the maximum angular velocity of steering wheel. By carrying out the obstacle avoidance path planning tests on the straight road section and the turning in the warehouse, the results showed that the obstacle avoidance paths satisfied various constraints, the curvature was not more than 1.06×10-3 mm-1, equivalent steering angle was not more than 60°, angular velocity of equivalent steering wheel was not greater than 1.05 rad/s, which effectively verified the feasibility of the algorithm. It can be used as a reference for obstacle avoidance technology of similar large warehouse intelligent vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Dynamic identification zone,Intelligent forklift truck,Obstacle avoidance path planning,Quasi-uniform B-spline curve,Warehouse environment
Automated Guided Vehicle Simulation Software Development using Parallel Cascade Fuzzy Method for Reaching a Target	2019	2018 2nd International Conference on Informatics and Computational Sciences, ICICoS 2018	2018 IEEE.Environment change is considered problem in a development process of Auto Guided Vehicle Robots. Parallel cascade fuzzy is a specialized method that developed for volatile operating environment. In the previous study, Parallel cascade fuzzy haven't implemented for reach a goal area. In this study, parallel cascade fuzzy being used by Auto Guided Vehicle robot to avoiding obstacle and reaching goal area. Another fuzzy algorithm involved in the test stage to compare the performance with Parallel Cascade Fuzzy. In the development of robot movement control system, simulation software that able to reveal a working pattern of such method can be used to facilitate the testing process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems	Auto Guided Vehicle,fuzzy,parallel cascade fuzzy,robot,simulation
Heterogeneous Feature Ant Colony Optimization Algorithm Based on Effective Vertexes of Obstacles	2019	Proceedings 2018 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2018	2018 IEEE.In this paper, path planning of automated guided vehicle (AGV) in complex environment was investigated. A heterogeneous feature ant colony optimization algorithm based on effective vertexes of obstacles (EV-HFACO) is proposed to solve the problem of poor convergence and local optimum. Firstly, the grid method based on effective vertexes of obstacles played a very positive role as the method of environment modeling. Then, the different state rules which incorporate perspective-taking ability were designed. In addition, a new pheromone update mechanism was employed to balance the rapidity and randomness. Finally, some numerical results of simulation indicated the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms which could outperform that of popular SoSACO-v2' Sci-ACO and HHACO algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Signal Processing,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	Ant colony optimization (ACO),Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Effective vertexes of obstacles,Path planning,Perspective-taking ability
A time-efficient approach to solve conflicts and deadlocks for scheduling AGVs in warehousing applications	2019	2018 IEEE International Conference on Real-Time Computing and Robotics, RCAR 2018	2018 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have been widely used in automated warehouses. Coordination between AGVs and real-time performance in a large-scale system are key issues. To address these challenges, this paper proposes a time-efficient method to solve conflicts and deadlocks in multi-AGV systems for warehouses. The method includes four main parts: Map initialization, candidate route planning, scheduling strategy planning for routes, and selection of the strategy having minimum makespan. It solves conflicts and deadlocks using time windows and improves the real-time performance with a high-efficient time window arranging operation. The proposed method is validated by means of simulation in a real warehouse environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Optimization	None
Research on Intelligent AGV Control System	2019	Proceedings 2018 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2018	2018 IEEE.With the rapid development of science and technology, smart AGVs are become more and more popular in industrial automation. However, current intelligent AGV control systems still have a lot of room for development. Based on the analysis and research of AGV control system, this paper designs an AGV control system based on fuzzy PID control, which makes the AGV trolley have strong robustness and the system operate stably for a long time. This design selects STM32F207 as the main control chip, and uses gray-scale sensors, ultrasonic, infrared sensors, cameras, wireless modules and other peripherals, together with μC/OS-II real-time operating system to complete the AGV position data acquisition and tracking, trajectory Tracking, voltage acquisition and conversion, serial port 232 communication, status data saving, I/O input and output control, and AGV modeling and trajectory tracking.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Signal Processing,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,fuzzy PID control,robustness,μC/OS-II operating system
Magnetic Locating AGV Navigation Based on Kalman Filter and PID Control	2019	Proceedings 2018 Chinese Automation Congress, CAC 2018	2018 IEEE.In order to achieve precise navigation of AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle), In this paper, we proposes a AGV navigation with magnetic nail positioning method based on Kalman filtering (KF) and PID (Proportion-integral-derivative) control. The magnetic nail is placed in the area where the AGV travels, and the current pose information of the AGV is obtained according to the magnetic sensor, and compared with the predetermined path to obtain the current heading deviation. As the input of the PID controller, the position adjustment amount of the AGV is taken as the output. At the same time, the Kalman filtering (KF) algorithm is used to estimate the state with noise interference, which further improves the positioning accuracy of AGV, and simulation is carried out by Matlab software. The simulation results show that the proposed Kalman filtering and PID control are effective for magnetic nail positioning AGV navigation. This research has broad application prospects.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Signal Processing,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV navigation,Kalman filter,magnetic nail positioning,PID
A master-slave separate parallel intelligent mobile robot used for autonomous pallet transportation	2019	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2019 by the author.This work reports a master-slave separate parallel intelligent mobile robot for the fully autonomous transportation of pallets in the smart factory logistics. This separate parallel intelligent mobile robot consists of two independent sub robots, one master robot and one slave robot. It is similar to two forks of the forklift, but the slave robot does not have any physical or mechanical connection with the master robot. A compact driving unit was designed and used to ensure access to the narrow free entry under the pallets. It was also possible for the mobile robot to perform a synchronous pallet lifting action. In order to ensure the consistency and synchronization of the motions of the two sub robots, high-gain observer was used to synchronize the moving speed, the lifting speed and the relative position. Compared with the traditional forklift AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle), the mobile robot has the advantages of more compact structure, higher expandability and safety. It can move flexibly and take zero-radius turn. Therefore, the intelligent mobile robot is quite suitable for the standardized logistics factory with small working space.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Compact driving unit,High-gain observer,Intelligent mobile robot,Master-slave,Pallet transportation
An IoT Analytics Embodied Agent Model based on Context-Aware Machine Learning	2019	Proceedings - 2018 IEEE International Conference on Big Data, Big Data 2018	2018 IEEE.Agent-based Internet of Things (IoT) applications have recently emerged as applications that can involve sensors, wireless devices, machines and software that can exchange data and be accessed remotely. Such applications have been proposed in several domains including health care, smart cities and agriculture. However, despite their increased adoption, deploying these applications in specific settings has been very challenging because of the complex static and dynamic variability of the physical devices such as sensors and actuators, the software application behavior and the environment in which the application is embedded. In this paper, we propose a modeling approach for IoT analytics based on learning embodied agents (i.e. situated agents). The approach involves: (i) a variability model of IoT embodied agents; (ii) feedback evaluative machine learning; and (iii) reconfiguration of a group of agents in accordance with environmental context. The proposed approach advances the state of the art in that it facilitates the development of Agent-based IoT applications by explicitly capturing their complex and dynamic variabilities and supporting their self-configuration based on an context-aware and machine learning-based approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	2	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems	context-aware,embodied agent,feature-model,human-in-the-loop,Internet of Things,machine learning,self-configurable system
PSO Based Path Planning Approach for Multi Service Robots in Dynamic Environments	2019	2018 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Data Processing, IDAP 2018	2018 IEEE.Creating a path planning for multi-robot traveling in dynamic environments is a very difficult problem. In this paper, it is aimed to create the most appropriate path plan for reaching the target by overcoming the obstacles encountered by the service robots. For this, particle swarm optimization (PSO) based navigation is proposed. Multi-robot in the same environment have been communicated with each other in order to form the path plan. The robot positions and suitability functions that are constantly updated ensure the best results. This study was designed to simulate Virtual Reality Educational Pathfinders (VREP) in a simulated environment and to work synchronously with the codes created in MATLAB. Looking at the experimental results, it is observed that the proposed method provides an effective solution to the path planning problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	2	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Multi robot,Navigation,Particle Swarm,Service Robot,VREP
Matching for navigation map building for automated guided robot based on laser navigation without a reflector	2019	Industrial Robot	2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: Laser navigation without a reflector does not require setup of reflector markers at the scene and thus has the advantages of free path setting and flexible change. This technology has attracted wide attention in recent years and shows great potential in the field of automatic logistics, including map building and locating in real-time according to the environment. This paper aims to focus on the application of feature matching for map building. Design/methodology/approach: First, an improved linear binary relation algorithm was proposed to calculate the local similarity of the feature line segments, and the matching degree matrix of feature line segments between two adjacent maps was established. Further, rough matching for the two maps was performed, and both the initial rotation matrix and the translation vector for the adjacent map matching were obtained. Then, to improve the rotation matrix, a region search optimization algorithm was proposed, which took the initial rotation matrix as the starting point and searched gradually along a lower error-of-objective function until the error sequence was nonmonotonic. Finally, the random-walk method was proposed to optimize the translation vector by iterating until the error-objective function reached the minimum. Findings: The experimental results show that the final matching error was controlled within 10 mm after both rotation and translation optimization. Also, the algorithm of map matching and optimization proposed in this paper can realize accurately the feature matching of a laser navigation map and basically meet the real-time navigation and positioning requirements for an automated-guided robot. Originality/value: A linear binary relation algorithm was proposed, and the local similarity between line segments is calculated on the basis of the binary relation. The hill-climbing region search algorithm and the random-walk algorithm were proposed to optimize the rotation matrix and the translation vector, respectively. This algorithm has been applied to industrial production.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Laser navigation,Map building,Map matching,Natural navigation,Non-reflector
Design and Analysis of AGVs Dispatch Timing Controller for Self-synchronized Production	2019	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	2018 IEEE.Synchronization is a fundamental function of swarm systems in nature and can be understood as a model of coupled oscillators. Even for manmade complex systems, such as an automated guided vehicles (AGVs) system in factories, synchronization is also important to enable temporal coordination of AGVs. In the present papter, we propose a new control law for synchronization of coupled relaxation oscillators and apply it to AGV dispatch control. Our law modulates the threshold of each oscillator, which is a model of a cellular production system. We analyze the stability of the system controlled by the proposed law. It is shown that the phase dynamics of the controlled system can be reduced to those of the Kuramoto model. In addition, on the basis of a stability analysis, we produce a design procedure of the controller and verify the procedure by numerical simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	None
Comparative analysis of different routing heuristics for the battery management of automated guided vehicles	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper explores how different routing techniques for the battery management of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) can affect the performance of a system. Four heuristics available in the literature were the basis of this study. Simulation models were developed to investigate how the routing of an AGV towards a battery station can affect the productivity of a manufacturing facility. Results show that the best productivity can be achieved when a routing heuristic tries to jointly minimise the total travel distance and waiting time at a battery station. The gain in productivity, when compared with the highest possible gain theoretically achievable, is quite substantial. It was also found that higher frequency of decision-making (i.e. decisions with smaller time interval) about battery swapping helps to increase the productivity of a system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicle,battery management,discrete event simulation,heuristics,productivity improvement,vehicle routing problem
Study on fading prediction for automated guided vehicle using probabilistic neural network	2019	Asia-Pacific Microwave Conference Proceedings, APMC	2018 IEICEThis paper describes a technique to predict the fading channel of an automated guided vehicle (AGV) that moves along a pre-determined route. A probabilistic neural network (PNN) estimates the most likely signal by performing pattern matching between a stored and current fading signal window. The prediction unit is being developed as part of an anomaly detection unit that together will provide advance information on pending communication outages in a factory communications network. Multiple distributed receivers are employed in order to further improve the accuracy of the prediction. Performance is evaluated using a ray-tracing model of the moving AGV and results show that the mean squared error (MSE) can be reduced four orders of magnitude by employing eight receivers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Fading channels,Machine-learning,Prediction methods,Probabilistic neural network
An agent-based simulation model for operations in an automatic container terminal with dtqc/agv/armg	2019	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2019 Association for Computing Machinery.Double trolley quayside container cranes (DTQCs), automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) and automatic rail mounted gantry cranes (ARMGs) are widely used in automatic container terminals (ACTs) in China. To support the design and management of ACTs, we propose a 3D simulation model to simulate the discharging and loading operation based on agent-based simulation and microscopic traffic simulation on the AnyLogic software. Finally, we apply the proposed simulation model in a real case to certify that this model can provide decision support for the design and management of ACTs with DTQC/AGV/ARMG.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Agent simulation model,Automatic container terminal,Dtqc/agv/armg
Development of an Omnidirectional Cooperative Transportation System Using Two Mobile Robots with Two Independently Driven Wheels	2019	Proceedings - 2018 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, SMC 2018	2018 IEEE.In recent years, with the increase in physical distribution volume, unmanned transportation robots are expected as an alternative means of transporting baggage in factories and warehouses. The development of a control system for cooperative transportation by multiple robots is important when the objects to be transported are long and exceed the size and the weight limit. From this, we develop a control system for cooperative transportation using two robots independently driven by two wheels. In this paper, a communication system between two mobile robots and a host PC is constructed by using ROS, and a sub-goal is generated to each robot to realize a cooperative running with two robots. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified through an experiment that the controlled point of an object is subject to a movement along the square of 1 m.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Health Informatics,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Human-Computer Interaction	cooperative transportation,mobile robot,ROS
A scheduling algorithm for medical emergency rescue aircraft trajectory based on hybrid estimation and intent inference	2019	Journal of Combinatorial Optimization	2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This paper studies the accurate prediction of the trajectory of aircraft that is in low-lever emergency medical rescue so as to achieve effective and safe real-time scheduling. The paper acquires real-time flight state (position, speed and heading) by taking advantage of the information derived from Automatic Dependence Surveillance-broadcasting and improved A∗ algorithm. Then Interacting Multiple Model is introduced to predict the flight state and model of the aircraft at next point-in-time based on the current state information. Then combining the result and flight plan information together, short-term flight intent is inferred. Integrated with Interacting Multiple Model algorithm and improved Intent Inference algorithm, a trajectory prediction algorithm is put forward based on the flight state and intent inference, and finally a real time scheduling plan is coming into being. Case simulation shows the result of this algorithm is more accurate than using intent inference algorithm alone. It helps to guarantee the safety of the medical rescue aircraft and improve the efficiency of the emergency rescue.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Science Applications,Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics,Control and Optimization,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	Hybrid estimation algorithm,Intent inference,Low-level medical emergency rescue,Trajectory forecast
Development of intelligent equipment for protected horticulture in world and enlightenment to China 世界设施园艺智能化装备发展对中国的启示研究	2019	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	2019, Editorial Department of the Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All right reserved.Intelligent protected horticulture is the advanced production form of digitization, refinement and automation in the whole process of horticultural products seeding and transplanting, cultivation management, environmental controlling, monitoring and early warning, harvesting and inner logistic etc. It is the hotspot of research and development and also the focus of agriculture upgrading both in China and overseas. In order to locate the development path of China and guide the research and development of the intelligent equipment of Chinese protected horticulture, it is necessary to study and analyze the current status and trend of the world's development in this field. Based on the individuals', enterprises' and institutes' main research in intelligent technology and equipment, the status and prospect of theintelligent equipment are analyzed. Intelligent seed production has been preliminarily realized in sowing and transplanting. The development of intelligent crop production in the aspects of plant adjustment, pollination, plant protection and harvest is speeding up. Some intelligent equipment such as leaf cutting and inspection has entered commercialized trial. Intelligent storage logistics has been continuously improved continuously in internal transportation, classification separation, cleaning, packaging and so on. The intelligent seedbed conveying and transportation robot has been widely applied, and research for high-speed sorting and packaging robots are accelerating research and development. It is found that the demand for intelligent equipment in the world protected horticulture is growing rapidly, the direction of research and development is gradually focused, green and safety are concerned more, commercialization of single machine is accelerating, and the systematic integrated intelligent production facilities are beginning to emerge.The research and analysis results have important reference for the scientific and technological strategy and industrial policy formulation, scientific research projectapproval, achievement evaluation, international cooperation and equipment research and development forintelligent protected horticulture in China.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agriculture,Equipment,Greenhouses,Intelligence,Prospect,Protected horticulture,Status
A simulation-based comprehensive study of the LBT mechanism in RFID networks	2019	2018 6th International EURASIP Workshop on RFID Technology, EURFID 2018	2018 IEEE.Radiofrequency Identification (RFID) installations with passive tags pose the interference problem among readers. Tags require a minimal power-up signal strength sent by the reader to operate and therefore the system is very sensitive to interferences. To face this issue, two mechanisms are used: (a) an anti-collision protocol, which serves to solve tags' collisions, and (b) a network coordination protocol, which coordinates readers operation to avoid them transmitting at the same time (and thus interfering each other). In this paper we address a thorough study of the standardized coordination protocol Listen Before Talk (LBT), which has been issued by the European regulation ETSI 302 208. The goal is describing the network operation in terms of the achievable throughput, by carefully detailing all the critical settings of a real facility: (a) a physical model for the channel which involves precise computations of powers and gains, sensitivities and channel fading, (b) modeling the anti-collision mechanism ISO 18000-6C (Framed Slotted Aloha), (c) precise operation of the LBT according to the ETSI regulation, (d) realistic traffic modeling (batch works), and (e) accurately computing the precise operation among readers. A variety of results is provided, which are mainly in these categories: throughput versus traffic, versus cell layout, versus network layout, versus reader and anti-collision protocol setup. They can be employed by practitioners in real-world application to understand the performance of RFID networks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Instrumentation	collisions,interferences,LBT,RFID
Design and implementation of a development environment on ladder diagram (HT-PLC) for Arduino with Ethernet connection	2019	IEEE ICA-ACCA 2018 - IEEE International Conference on Automation/23rd Congress of the Chilean Association of Automatic Control: Towards an Industry 4.0 - Proceedings	2018 IEEE.The purpose of this project is to present an alternative for the Arduino boards programming through a ladder diagram development environment. Similarly, it seeks to provide a new option for both academic and automation process applications for effective solutions without the use of extensive resources. The product of this objective is a PLC (Programmable Logic Controller) whit Ethernet connection prototype based in Arduino called HT-PLC, which is distinguished by being compact, economical and easy to controlled. It's programmed in ladder language using an IDE, developed by Visual Studio with the C# programming language and has basic and intuitive tools for program development and also has a single and friendly interface to ease its use.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	1	Artificial Intelligence,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Arduino,C#,Ladder Diagrams,PLC,Visual Studio
Simulation-based Multiple Automated Guided Vehicles Considering Charging and Collision-free Requirements in Automatic Warehouse	2019	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2018 IEEE.The deployment of automated guided vehicles in the automated warehouse has a great impact on the capacity in handling logistics activities. Simulation offers practical feedback and analytical solution at a designing stage of engineering applications. As for automated warehouse system, the optimal set of the combination of automated guided vehicles and workstations are highly depended on the size, dimensions, layout structure of the warehouse and working process. In this paper, the operations in the automatic warehouse were simulated to determine possible scenarios of the warehouse setting regarding the demand pattern of the packaging order. In the automatic warehouse, the racks are transferred by the automated guided vehicles to the workstations. The contribution of the study is that it not only considers the optimal number of AGV but also the optimal number of workstation for automatic warehouse. To estimate the possible setting with the highest order turn-over rate, varies scenarios were considered in the model. As a result, the estimated layout and warehouse setting were suggested.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	4	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Automated guided vehicles,automatic warehouse,simulation
Data-Based Identification Method for Jobshop Scheduling Problems Using Timed Petri Nets	2019	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	2018 IEEE.We address a data-based identification method of machine scheduling problems using timed Petri nets. A general machine scheduling model is represented by timed Petri nets with resource places. Given a set of machines and jobs, and their starting times and completion times of several machines, the objective is to find resource constraints of a given machine scheduling problem from input and output data. The problem is to find the connectivity of each resource place in the operational places. A mixed integer linear programming model is formulated to find an optimal connectivity of resource places to minimize the mean square error of the input and output data. An approximation algorithm is developed to apply larger instances. Numerical examples are provided to show the effectiveness of the proposed approximation algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	approximation algorithm,model identification,Petri nets,scheduling
Automated Ground Vehicle (AGV) and sensor technologies-A review	2019	Proceedings of the International Conference on Sensing Technology, ICST	2018 IEEE.Automatic Ground Vehicles (AGVs), require guidance systems to navigate through their environment. The navigation system and sensors employed are dictated by the ambient conditions in that environment and the task to be completed by the AGV. This paper examines AGVs, the types of navigation systems available and the sensors employed by these systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ireland	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Laser Guided,Magnetic Guide Sensor,Navigation,Sensor Technology
Smart AGV System for Manufacturing Shopfloor in the Context of Industry 4.0	2019	Proceedings of the 2018 25th International Conference on Mechatronics and Machine Vision in Practice, M2VIP 2018	2018 IEEE.In the context of Industry 4.0, smart manufacturing shopfloors are facing the challenges of synchronizing the internal logistics and production operations by making full use the real-time status of typical production objects. This paper introduces a smart automated guided vehicle (AGV) for easing the collaborations between typical workers and robots. The smart AGV system uses state of the art technologies such as radio frequency identification (RFID) and wireless communication standards. A demonstrative case from a near-life scenario is presented to evaluate the feasibility and practicality of the proposed system. Some discussions are also illustrated so that typical manufacturing companies could use this system when they are contemplating the Industry 4.0 enabled solutions in the near future for improving their entire production efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	6	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Industry 40,Internal Logistics,Manufacturing
Research on Multi-AGV Autonomous Obstacle Avoidance Strategy Based on Improved A∗ Algorithm	2019	Proceedings of the 2018 25th International Conference on Mechatronics and Machine Vision in Practice, M2VIP 2018	2018 IEEE.This paper aims at the shortcomings of the traditional A∗ algorithm in multi-AGV scheduling. On this basis, a multi-AGV autonomous obstacle avoidance scheduling strategy based on improved A∗ algorithm and traffic control is proposed. By introducing busy-level parameter and weight value for each path, the rate of occupancy of a path can be assessed to make sure that none of the path sections is too busy. On the basis of the improved A∗ algorithm and given traffic rules and priority, a compound adjustment strategy is formulated to solve the traffic conflict by introducing the speed regulation parameters and the path replanning parameters. As verified by experiments, the dispatch efficiency and stability of the proposed strategy is much higher than traditional algorithms and could effectively achieve autonomous collision avoidance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	A,algorithm,Autonomous Obstacle Avoidance,Path Planning,Traffic Control
An optimal and a heuristic algorithm for the single-item retrieval problem in puzzle-based storage systems with multiple escorts	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Puzzle-based storage systems consist of densely stored unit loads on a square grid. The problem addressed in this paper is to retrieve a stored unit load from a puzzle-based storage using the minimum number of item moves. While previous research contributed optimal algorithms for only up to two empty locations (escorts), our approach solves configurations where multiple empty locations are arbitrarily positioned in the grid. The problem is formulated as a state space problem and solved to optimality using an exact search algorithm. To reduce the search space, we derive bounds on the number of eligible empty locations and develop several search-guiding estimate functions. Furthermore, we present a heuristic variant of the search algorithm to solve larger problem instances. We evaluate both solution algorithms on a large set of problem instances. Our computational results show that the algorithms clearly outperform existing approaches where they are applicate and solve more general configurations, which could not be solved to optimality before. The heuristic variant efficiently yields high-quality solutions for significantly larger instances of practically relevant size.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	A* algorithm,automated warehouse,combinatorial optimisation problem,compact storage systems,puzzle-based storage
An internet-of-things-based production logistics optimisation method for discrete manufacturing	2019	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Timely supply of production material is an important prerequisite for stable operation of discrete manufacturing systems. The difficulties of production logistics (PL) planning are increased due to the uncertainty and dynamicity in production environment. The Internet of things (IoT) provides a reliable solution for monitoring dynamic manufacturing process and obtaining real-time information. Under the uncertain manufacturing environment, this paper focusses on a PL optimisation method driven by real-time data. First, considering the uncertainty of material demands time caused by production fluctuation, the mathematical scheduling model with fuzzy time windows is established to minimise the distribution cost. Later, on the basis of the proposed two-stage operation and optimisation mechanism, an improved ant colony algorithm is designed, which introduces the factors of satisfaction degree and time windows width into state transfer rules and improves the dynamic adjustment strategy of pheromone. Finally, in a machining workshop, a case study is conducted based on the construction of real-time sensing and positioning manufacturing environment. Several numerical experiments are performed to verify the feasibility of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	dynamic optimisation,Internet of things,production logistics,real-time data
A mixed-integer programming formulation for the double row layout of machines in manufacturing systems	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The Double Row Layout Problem (DRLP) is the problem of allocating a given set of machines on both sides of a straight line corridor so as to minimise the total cost of transporting materials among machines. The DRLP occurs in several manufacturing plants, particularly in semiconductor manufacturing. While it has a large practical importance, the problem is very difficult to solve to optimality. In this paper, we construct a mixed-integer programming (MIP) formulation of the problem, which favourably compares to a previously published MIP formulation. The new model is found to present similar performance to another published MIP formulation, and it has the advantage of being more intuitive for handling qualitative inputs that may be required in a layout refinement phase.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	8	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated manufacturing systems,CAM,discrete optimisation,facility design,integer programming
Applications of artificial intelligence in transport: An overview	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. The rapid pace of developments in Artificial Intelligence (AI) is providing unprecedented opportunities to enhance the performance of different industries and businesses, including the transport sector. The innovations introduced by AI include highly advanced computational methods that mimic the way the human brain works. The application of AI in the transport field is aimed at overcoming the challenges of an increasing travel demand, CO 2 emissions, safety concerns, and environmental degradation. In light of the availability of a huge amount of quantitative and qualitative data and AI in this digital age, addressing these concerns in a more efficient and effective fashion has become more plausible. Examples of AI methods that are finding their way to the transport field include Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), Genetic algorithms (GA), Simulated Annealing (SA), Artificial Immune system (AIS), Ant Colony Optimiser (ACO) and Bee Colony Optimization (BCO) and Fuzzy Logic Model (FLM) The successful application of AI requires a good understanding of the relationships between AI and data on one hand, and transportation system characteristics and variables on the other hand. Moreover, it is promising for transport authorities to determine the way to use these technologies to create a rapid improvement in relieving congestion, making travel time more reliable to their customers and improve the economics and productivity of their vital assets. This paper provides an overview of the AI techniques applied worldwide to address transportation problems mainly in traffic management, traffic safety, public transportation, and urban mobility. The overview concludes by addressing the challenges and limitations of AI applications in transport.	Journal	j	re	Review	Australia	25	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Ant Colony Optimiser,Artificial Immune system,Artificial intelligence,Auto Urban Mobility,Bee Colony Optimization,Genetic algorithms,Public transport,Simulated annealing,Traffic management
Design and analysis of greenhouse automated guided vehicle	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.In order to realize agricultural automation and large-scale production, a greenhouse automated guided vehicle is designed. It is equipped with a objective table and retractor device, using a track-type transmitting motion. The automatic guided vehicle is imported into the ANSYS through the graphical data conversion. The finite element model of the structure is generated by grid division. The finite element analysis of the structure is carried out. The strength and stiffness characteristics of the structure are calculated in the static analysis. The frequency of the vehicle calculated by modal analysis. The results show that the stiffness and strength meets the requirements of using, and the resonance damage can be avoided by avoiding the natural frequency of the vehicle. The greenhouse automatic guided vehicle can quickly transport materials to designated locations.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	ANSYS,Automatic guided,Greenhouse,Modal analysis
Methodological Proposal for an Indoor industrial AGV Implementation	2019	International Journal of Modern Manufacturing Technologies	International Journal of Modern Manufacturing Technologies.The present article aims to succinctlycharacterizethe first implementationof a system of AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) in a factory of components for the automotive industry. Furthermore, to solidify the knowledge base upon which this article was developed, it is imperative to propose a classification approach for the different types of AGVs due to particularly heterogeneous points of view within the community. Finally, the costs between the former transportation solution, the implemented one and a third suggested by a methodological proposal for AGV implementation in an indoor, industrial context developed by the author, were compared aiming to justify the investment validity in this technology. The implementation was completed resulting in a reduction of labor costs with a payback period of 6 months and 14 days.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV implementation,AGV types,Cost comparison,Methodological proposal
Driving control module for low cost industrial automated guided vehicle	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are computer-controlled "driverless" mobile vehicles equipped with optical, magnetic or laser guidance systems for automated functionality, categorized as either load carrying or load towing. AGV consists of several parts, such as the frame for pulling or lifting weights, movement balancer wheels, battery housing, collision avoidance sensors, driving module and others. But, the most important part of AGV is the driving module which is a module that functions as a movement guide, consisting of path detection sensors, driving motors and controllers. This Paper presents low cost a driving control module for low cost AGV that used in automotive manufacture industry. The AGV uses Raspberry Pi instead of PLC as controller, infrared sensor to detect line and industrial standard brushless DC (BLDC) motor as main actuator. PID control applied in the movement of the BLDC motor speed so that the AGV can follow the path smoothly and precisely. As a result, the AGV can follow the path with speed 30 m/min on a straight road and 30 m/m at a turn with a deviation 5 mm off the track.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Remaining useful life prediction for components of automated guided vehicles	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.This paper presents an approach to prediction of the Remaining Useful Life (RUL) for components of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). The focus is paid on the batteries which are a crucial element of these systems and influence the possible operation times considerably. For batteries, two aspects are taken into consideration, if the remaining useful life should be predicted: the State of Charge (SOC) and the State of Health (SOH). Both aspects include non-linearity and are influenced by many factors such as temperature and discharging velocity. To solve such problem a new estimator of SOC and SOH was developed. The proposed approach was applied for Health-Aware Model Predictive Control (H-A MPC) of two cooperate AGV.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Prognosis,Remaining useful life
Multi-AGVs conflict-free routing and dynamic dispatching strategies for automated warehouses	2019	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2019.Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) has been playing a vital role in many applications such as flexible manufacturing systems and automated warehouses. Efficient vehicle routing and dispatching are two important aspects when designing an AGVS. Based on zone control mode, this paper proposes a conflict-free routing strategy to improve the system efficiency with the ability to avoid loops. A dynamic dispatching strategy is proposed which can find a suitable AGV to conduct the task to decrease the total traveling distance and the waiting time. Simulations are carried out to verify the effectiveness of the strategies.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Conflict-free,Dynamic dispatching strategy,Routing strategy
Automatic guided vehicle systems in the flexible manufacturing system - A review	2019	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING.The material handling operations in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) have become efficient and easy with the advancement and improvement in the automated machine technology. The automatic guided vehicle system (AGVs) is applied for advance material handling practices in the FMS. The AGVs are commonly used as a material handling system (MHS) for the efficient transportation of a workpiece from one work center to another work center in the FMS. In this paper a state of art literature review on AGVs guide path configurations, comparison of guide path configurations, estimation of the AGVs fleet size, scheduling & dispatching policies, routing, conflict resolution and positioning of the AGVs is carried out and at the end of the paper, literature and future directions on the different integrated policies for the optimum utilization of AGVs in the FMS are also reported.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle systems,Flexible manufacturing system,Guide path configuration,Integration policy,Material handling system
Maintenance modelling of complex automated guided vehicle systems	2019	Proceedings - Annual Reliability and Maintainability Symposium	2019 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGV's) have been adopted in many industrial applications since their introduction in the 1950's. Although still primarily used for the movement of materials around manufacturing facilities and warehouses they are also used in such applications as hospitals and transportation. Such driverless vehicles generally travel along a predefined route performing set tasks and they have been widely adopted due to their efficiency and economic benefits, Le-Anh and De Koster (2006). The availability of the vehicles is crucial to ensure that these benefits are maintained. As the complexity of industrial processes increases and fleets of AGV's are commonly employed, maintenance and reliability issues are of increasing concern. In order to ensure that the benefits of AGV's are utilised efficiently it is crucial that efficient maintenance strategies are employed. Hence in this work research has been undertaken into determining the optimal maintenance strategy for a complex multi AGV system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles,Maintenance,Petri nets
Optimization of traction unit for low-cost automated guided vehicle	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.AGV system already known today is commonplace in any large-scale production, warehousing or supply process logistics. System is not only increasing process flexibility but also the quality of products and services. They are unattended vehicles designed for towing, guiding and carrying various types of cargo using peripheral devices designed for these vehicles. The paper describes the design of the traction unit of the automated guided vehicle (AGV). The main goal of this design is optimization of traction unit for a low-cost version of commercial AGV and thereby reducing overall costs of equipment. The traction unit must be designed so that the equipment that uses such a type of traction unit meets customer requirements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Automated guided vehicle indoor positioning method based cellular automata	2019	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2019.Automated guided vehicle (AGV) can greatly improve warehousing operation efficiency and reduce labor costs. As a key technology, the positioning method is crucial for the path planning and cruising of AGVs. In view of existing technology, the method with high positioning precision is too expensive, and the low cost method performance is too poor. In this paper, a low cost and high precision positioning method based on cellular automata is proposed. This method utilizes the wireless communication system that AGV has equipped to complete the positioning through the continuous iteration of simple cell evolution rules in the cell space mapped by the positioning space. For the problem of positioning errors caused by environmental factors changing and equipment aging, this method integrates spatiotemporal correlation and differential calculations as constraints in the evolution rules to achieve high-precision positioning. Through simulation experiments, the feasibility and effectiveness of the method are verified and analyzed. It has a good application prospect.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Cellular automata,Indoor positioning,Intelligent warehouse,Wireless communication
Wireless data acquisition and communication system for automated guided vehicle	2019	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2019.The transportation of materials from/to storage and unloading points usually requires human for operating forklifts. There is a need for robotic automated guided vehicle (AGV) to minimize the human intervention and also a secured transmission system between the user and the AGV. The objective of this study is to develop wireless data acquisition and communication system for AGV. The core of the system lies in the wireless communication protocol and requires secure transmission of data to be exchanged between the user and the AGV, hence the Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP). The data acquisition from the AGV is accomplished with the help of sensors mounted on the vehicle that can continuously collect the incoming signals along the path, and they are transmitted wirelessly via Wi-Fi and the information is displayed to the user on a laptop. The DC to DC converter helps in charging the rechargeable battery to the nominal voltage. The warehouse management system is achieved with the MS access at the backend and the LabVIEW at the front end for creating, inserting, deleting, and updating the data wirelessly via Wi-Fi. The analog data from the sensors was collected with each sensor having a threshold level for obtaining the maximum or minimum level that is encountered during the travel. The data from the AGV is obtained to the user by establishing connection through IP address. The warehouse management system provides more accuracy and prevents human blunders when compared to traditional system. They are able to insert or update in fraction of second, and these data can be viewed by anyone. The battery management system is able to charge the rechargeable battery at a faster rate. The AGV is able to transport goods from one location to the other in a predefined path. The data acquisition from the sensors provides a means of navigation system for the vehicle. These vehicles are mainly used in the industrial warehouse that reduces the labor cost and enhances accuracy.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Transmission control protocol,Wi-Fi,Wireless communication
Auction Model for Transport Order Assignment in AGV Systems	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Systems of automated guided vehicles (AGV) often support internal transportation in flexible manufacturing facilities and warehouses. One of the critical aspects for the efficiency of these systems is the transport order (TO) assignment. Typically, AGVs bid for TOs so that the behavior of the transportation system is affected by the auction type and model parameters, and by AGV estimates on transport costs. In this work, we have adapted an auction model from a cab service in a city. TOs include a picking and a destination place. We have added to the basic auction model an iterative process to account for any system changes while assigned taxis approach their corresponding picking places. It has been validated in a simulator, which can be used to tune the model parameters in accordance with a given scenario (i.e. floorplan, number and type of AGVs, TO sequence profiles, et cetera) and, obviously, for automating the process of TO assignment.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Auction,Internal logistics,Transport orders management
Development of bicycle smart factory and exploration of intelligent manufacturing talents cultivation	2019	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd 2019.This paper introduces the background, ideas and objectives of the production line of bicycle smart factory laboratory. The smart factory laboratory takes the low carbon environmental friendly bicycle assembly and manufacturing process as an effective carrier for the realization of intelligent manufacturing. It is equipped with ten automated guided vehicle (AGV) trolleys and twelve manual or automatic intelligent assembly processes. It focuses on intelligent manufacturing technology, industrial robot technology, Internet of thing technology, software and communication technology. The flexible assembly process of bicycles can be realized by sensor technology, customized orders, production planning and scheduling. Taking the application-oriented undergraduate education and discipline construction as the service object, the paper also introduces the exploration of the talents cultivating mode of application-oriented intelligent manufacturing.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Intelligent manufacturing,Smart factory,Talents cultivation mode
Connected Automated Guided Vehicles in a Smart Container Terminal	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.As container terminals aim for more efficient operation and higher productivity, automation is making major breakthroughs all over the world. Container terminals are increasingly adopting automated solutions to meet the challenge of larger ships, taller cranes and bigger call sizes. Having the right design criteria and taking the correct decisions early in the project is crucial in order to meet the expected cost and performance targets. Therefore, designing an automated container terminal is no longer just a matter of acquiring the right port equipment and integrating the equipment with basic terminal operating systems (TOSs), it is becoming more of designing and implementing a complete smart automated system. Smart automation would enable Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) used in container terminals to automatically adapt to changing circumstances, optimizing performance and output. Most of existing research work considered pre-defined AGVs paths using different techniques without considering free path AGVs solutions that can potentially increase transportation efficiency This research work uses the concept of Internet of Things (IoT) to increase transportation efficiency of the Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and reduce vessel discharging time in an automated container terminal. In addition, the research paper proposes an algorithm to increase efficiency in the automated container terminal and achieve the research objective. Finally, simulation results were used to prove the positive effects of using the proposed algorithm in decreasing vessel discharging time compared to existing benchmarks and optimum solutions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Arab Emirates	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Parameter optimization using the surface response technique in automated guided vehicles	2019	Sustainable Engineering Products and Manufacturing Technologies	2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.The simulation technique is an approach that is quite useful in the design of manufacturing systems. The simulation model was developed over the course of a number of experiments by changing the system parameters to measure the performance of the system; this substantially reduces the probability of making the wrong decision. The purpose of this study is to analyze automated guided vehicle (AGV) parameters in a manufacturing workshop by using the surface response technique and the simulation method. The simulation model is developed in the Arena software package. The surface response technique is applied in Minitab 14.0. The tested model has been running for different criteria, and the results were observed. The AGV effective utilization rate, the expected average number of pieces, and the system requirements were satisfied.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Turkey	2	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Discrete event simulation,Experimental design,Optimization,Surface response
Terminal container automated guided vehicle based on Lidar navigation	2019	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the abstract is permitted for personal use only.The whole loading and unloading operation of automated container terminal is carried out by means of mechanization and large-scale production, which requires close cooperation of various operations to realize the high efficiency of loading and unloading process system. Reasonable layout of facilities on container terminals and their organic connection form an organic whole of coordinated and coordinated operations, forming an efficient and perfect assembly line. In order to shorten the berthing time of vehicles, ships and boxes at port terminals, accelerate the turnover of vehicles, ships and boxes, reduce transportation costs and loading and unloading costs, and achieve the best economic benefits. In this paper, the container transshipment vehicle based on lidar navigation is taken as the research object, so that the container autopilot has certain autopilot ability and is suitable for the needs of the automated container terminal.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Technological limits for the use of automated guided vehicles in intralogistic systems	2019	Transport Means - Proceedings of the International Conference	2019 Kaunas University of Technology. All rights reserved.The use of Automated Guided Vehicles in intralogistic systems has increased in recent years. Material handling operations in warehousing and production are typical applications of AGVs. New navigation technologies extend their application potential. In real traffic, various limiting factors could reduce the work efficiency of AGV. This paper analyses the limiting factors for using different AGV systems in intralogistics. If the AGV is used in existing interiors (e.g. warehouses, production halls), the application must often be adapted to given spatial layout. In this case, there is sometimes no possibility to avoid bottlenecks on the routes. Such possible bottlenecks are identified in this paper. Authors analyze their influence on traffic continuity and route capacity. Described situation can also influence the operating costs, therefore the paper deals also with economic factors compared to use of conventional transport trucks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Transportation	AGV,Intralogistics,Material handling
On Adaptive Control for AGV with Vision Sensor as an Unknown Nonlinear System	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.Adaptive control using neural network provides a real-time systematic approach to achieve or maintain a desired level of control system performance when dynamics are unknown. The paper proposes a novel approach for designing of an adaptive controller with input as relative pixel density from a fuzzy system for automated guided vehicle with vision sensor. The fuzzy system computes relative pixel density from vision sensor data while minimizing uncertainties due to illumination, occlusion, and obscure images. It provides a methodology to apply an advanced nonlinear intelligent control technique for vision-based path tracking problem. The proposed strategy has been applied for path tracking problem on an indigenously developed vehicle. The results obtained show the efficiency of proposed approach and ease of applying different control techniques for vision sensor-based plant.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Adaptive controller,AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Fuzzy system,Neural network relative pixel density,Path tracking
Development of a SLAM based automated guided vehicle	2019	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2019 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reservedAutomated guided vehicle is the most important research issues for mobile robot development. The important research issue of the automated guided vehicle (AGV) is navigation system in recent years. Navigation system can be divided into self-localization, path planning and obstacle avoidance for indoor service execution. The application fields have security patrol or package delivery. Furthermore, recharging is necessary before the battery power has exhausted. The paper develops the automated guided vehicle that is designed and built with a 4WD mecanum wheel platform. Due to the laser ranger's high precision, we applied the laser range finder to achieve the environment map construction, so the self-localization via particles filter (PF) and the path planning algorithms can be utilized with the map. The practical motion and safety avoidance strategies are also proposed for robot motion control. Finally, the sensory fusion methods are also integrated with the laser ranger and RGB-D camera for automated guided vehicle while performing the docking process. The experimental results show the successful demonstrations of autonomous patrol and docking for self-recharging.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	4	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,Particles filter,RGB-D camera,Sensory fusion methods
Research on the steering gait and error of a novel type of heavy load Automated Guided Vehicle	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Automated Guided Vehicle is a kind of mobile robot Guided by vision, magnet, laser or tracking marks and cables on the ground. In the process of changing the driving direction, if the AGV is directly forced to flatten, the wheels will be "locked" in the force and unable to move, which will also cause damage to the driving system. Therefore, we adopt the way of steering in two or three sections to stabilize and overbalance, ensuring flexibility and safety.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Evaluation of a self-organizing migrating algorithm applied to discrete event simulation optimization	2019	31st European Modeling and Simulation Symposium, EMSS 2019	2019 Dime Universita di Genova, DIMEG University of Calabria.The paper deals with testing and evaluation of a modified Self-Organizing Migrating Algorithm (SOMA) applied to a discrete event simulation model reflecting the supply of production lines using automated guided vehicles. The SOMA heuristic optimization method is derived from the Differential Evolution method. We test all the SOMA strategies under the same conditions of the simulation experiments - the same termination criteria, number of repetitions in the optimization experiments, and the same setting of the basic parameters of the SOMA. We propose a methodology using different evaluation criteria to analyse the different SOMA strategies behaviour of finding the optimum of an objective function specified for each discrete event simulation model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Safety Research,Modeling and Simulation,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	AGV,Discrete Event Simulation Model,Evaluation,Self-Organizing Migrating Algorithm,SOMA
Research on Cooperative Scheduling of Automated Quayside Cranes and Automatic Guided Vehicles in Automated Container Terminal	2019	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2019 Qianru Zhao et al.According to previous research studies, automated quayside cranes (AQCs) and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in automated container terminals have a high potential synergy. In this paper, a collaborative scheduling model for AQCs and AGVs is established and the capacity limitation of the transfer platform on AQCs is considered in the model. The minimum total energy consumption of automated quayside cranes (AQCs) and Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) is taken as the objective function. A two-stage taboo search algorithm is adopted to solve the problem of collaborative scheduling optimization. This algorithm integrates AQC scheduling and AGV scheduling. The optimal solution to the model is obtained by feedback from the two-stage taboo search process. Finally, the Qingdao Port is taken as an example of a data experiment. Ten small size test cases are solved to evaluate the performance of the proposed optimization methods. The results show the applicability of the two-stage taboo search algorithm since it can find near-optimal solutions, precisely and accurately.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Precise positioning technology for automatic guided vehicles rased on surf algorithm	2019	Laser and Optoelectronics Progress	2019 Universitat zu Koln. All rights reserved.A precise positioning technique is proposed based on the speeded up robust features (SURF) algorithm. By identifying the quick response (QR) code laid on the ground, this technique is used to complete positioning prediction and attitude correction. First, the acquired QR image is preprocessed, and the feature point information of the image is extracted by the SURF algorithm. The feature points of both the real-time image and the target image are then matched, and the transformation matrix between these two images is obtained by least square fitting. Finally, the transformation matrix is combined with the visual guidance model of the automatic guided vehicle (AGV), and the precise positioning of the AGV is realized. The experimental results show that for a heavy-duty AGV with a large structural size, the proposed method has robust positioning with a precision of ±1 mm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Measurement,Precise positioning,Quick response code,Visual navigation
An OPC UA Machine Learning Server for Automated Guided Vehicle	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Preparing training data sets for supervised machine learning is particularly difficult when the input information has a serial nature and the data sources are non-deterministic. This paper discusses a problem related to preparing a data set for the machine learning algorithms that are used for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). An OPC UA server that is dedicated for machine learning support was designed in order to comply with the communication standards and information models that are used in the new generation of manufacturing systems. The proposed approach not only utilises communication features of OPC UA technology but also its rich possibilities for information modelling. The OPC UA server that was created converts raw input data into a format that can be easily applied for the machine learning process. The presented solution is dedicated for the AGV that are used for internal logistics in flexible production systems. The authors discuss the different information models that are available for the OPC UA standard and explain the design choices that were made when preparing the server. The presented solution was verified during the development process for a new family of AGV that is being designed and produced by the AIUT Company.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Automated Guided Vehicle,Communication middleware,Machine learning,Machine-to-Machine (M2M) communication,OPC UA (IEC 62541)
Optimizing development time through hybrid commissioning of control software	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Author(s).In modern intralogistics, automated guided vehicles (AGV) are used to optimize the material flow. To minimize the time to market it is necessary to develop software and hardware simultaneously. Therefor this paper introduces the hybrid-development-and-commissioning method of control software for AGVs. It results in a validated virtual prototype that can be used to verify swarm behavior. The methods procedure is demonstrated for a light detection and ranging sensor. Firstly, the sensor is modelled for software-in-the-loop testing. Gradually switching to the physical AGV prototype, the paper further presents the validation process of the sensor model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Simulation,Virtual commissioning,Virtual reality
Optimizing the braking system for handling equipment	2019	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The article is focused on optimizing the friction disc plates of the braking system integrated into the drive wheel of an automated guided vehicle. The introduction is focused on the application of these types of braking systems. In the next step, the individual mathematical parameters and the acting forces in the braking system are expressed. Using the equation of motion that is written in Matlab, the braking distance and the stop time are graphically expressed. During the Matlab simulation, different diameters of the braking plates are monitored to determine the braking distance. The permitted pressure in the braking plates during the test must not exceed the specified pressure of 2 MPa. The functionality of the braking plates is ensured by hydraulic power. Part of the wheel is a sensor that monitors the speed during braking. Ultimately, a continuous reduction in kinetic energy is achieved without vigorous blocking of the slats during braking. The acquisition of the paper is the output of numerical calculations, which are necessary for the correct design of the wheel with the integrated braking system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Design and simulation of heavy load wheeled mobile robot driving mechanism	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.Facing with the problem of high labor intensity, low standard of automation and low production efficiency, traditional pattern of rocket cabins transportation should be eliminated. The traditional way was still unable to cope with the mixed flow of multiple series and types of rocket cabin. Hence, it is of great significance to design an AGV with good stability, good driving performance and load capacity as the transport equipment of the rocket cabin. A heavy load Omnidirectional AGV for rocket cabin transportation is proposed. A kinematic model of the AGV was set up and analyzed by the software of ADAMS (Automatic Dynamic Analysis of Mechanical Systems). Results of the ADAMS simulation indicate that the driving mechanism of the automatic guide vehicle in this study performs well in most working conditions, and the problem of “locked up” in the transverse working conditions has also been well solved. It is of great reference significance to the research of the heavy-duty automatic guided vehicle for large segment transshipment.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	ADAMS,AGV,Kinematic,Omni-directional
AHP method application in selection of appropriate material handling equipment in selected industrial enterprise	2019	Wireless Networks	2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.The paper deals with handling equipment that can be used to transport/handle the final products in a selected industrial enterprise. The suitable handling equipment listed in the short-listwereselected by the authors of the paper based on the entry requirements and conditions of the enterprise and trends in material/final product handling towards increasing automation, enhancing productivity and maximizing safety. The Analytic Hierarchy Process method was used to support decision making on the appropriate handling equipment and specific calculations were carried out in the Expert Choice program. The Analytic Hierarchy Process as a tool of exact decision-making methods increases the objectivity of decision in general as well as the quality of suitable handling equipment selection in a particular industrial enterprise. One of the conditions of the enterprise for the equipment selection was the use of Intelligent/Smart solutions in the process of finished goods handling from the manufacturing area to warehouse.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Analytic hierarchy process,Automatic guided vehicle,Autonomous mobile robot,Decision-making process,Material handling
Towards cooperative transportation of multiple mecanum-wheeled automated guided vehicles	2019	ASME 2019 Dynamic Systems and Control Conference, DSCC 2019	Copyright  2019 ASME.Utilizing multiple small-sized automated guided vehicles(AGVs) in cooperatively transport large and heavy objects inmanufacturing factories or logistics is an emerging research direction. Flexibility and efficiency can be enhanced by usingmulti-AGV comparing to a large AGV with higher capacity especially in clutter environments. In this paper, a multi-AGVsystem by using Mecanum wheels to provide omnidirectionalmovement is proposed for cooperative transportation. Accordingly, the proposed Mecanum-wheeled automated guided vehicles (MWAGVs) composed of Mecanum wheels and a rotaryplatform provides not only non-constrained movement but alsoplanar displacement for allowance of distance errors. In the proposed MWAGVs, the formation control with fixed geometry during operation is significant especially with unknown object information, dynamic uncertainties, and external disturbances. Therefore, the passivity-based adaptive synchronizing control algorithm is developed to ensure stability and tracking performancewith uncertain dynamic parameters. Simulations and Experiments show the efficacy of designed Mecanum-wheeled AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Adaptive control,Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Cooperative transportation,Dynamic uncertainty,Mecanum-wheeled omnidirectional robot,Passivity-based synchronization
Trajectory Tracking Control of AGV Based on Sliding Mode Control with the Improved Reaching Law	2019	IEEE Access	2019 IEEE.In order to quicken the response of the sliding mode control system, a novel reaching law with the dynamic coefficients, which could strengthen the role of the major term and weaken the role of the minor term, respectively, in the different stages, is proposed. The finite-time convergence of the improved reaching law is proved. The kinematical and the dynamic models of the automated guided vehicle are established, and a double closed-loop control is designed to perform the trajectory tracking. The sliding mode control method based on the improved reaching law is used to control the attitude of the automated guided vehicle, and the outer loop controller outputs the desired attitude. The simulation results show that the improved reaching law could make the system arrive at the sliding surface more rapidly than the conventional reaching laws, the automated guided vehicle could have faster attitude response speed, and the different given trajectories could be tracked effectively by the double closed-loop control method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,double closed-loop control,reaching law,sliding mode control,trajectory tracking
Research on path planning algorithm for two-dimensional code guidance model of automated guided vehicle	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.With the development of industrial automation technology, the automated guided vehicle (AGV) has been widely used in industrial transport, warehouse logistics and other fields. As a new guidance model for AGV, the two-dimensional code guidance model has been discussed in many fields. Two-dimensional code guidance model is a type of free path guidance technology. Under this guidance model, the work area of AGV can be divided into multiple rectangle regions, a two-dimensional code is deployed at each intersection of these regions, which carries the guidance information for its neighborhood regions. The AGV walks along a path which is obtained from the central server, and by scanning the two-dimensional code it encountered, it acquires the way to the next node in the path, until it reaches the endpoint. This guidance model has many advantages, such as low-cost, high re-usage, high flexibility etc., it is a competitive technology to replace the traditional track bedding and laser guidance technology. Although the use of the two-dimensional code technology avoids or solves a lot of problems compared to the traditional guidance technologies, there are still many potential problems to be tackled, such as matching the actual environment, arranging AGV in place etc. Especially, because there is no track for the AGV to follow, a new path planning algorithm should be designed to solve the above problems. In this paper, we propose a path planning algorithm under the two-dimensional code guidance model. It allows us to find an optimal path for the AGV to follow from the start point to the end point. To demonstrate the feasibility and advantages of this solution, a simple simulation platform is built and the algorithm is tested and verified by experiments.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Dijkstra’s algorithm,Path planning,Shortest path,Two-dimensional code guidance technology
Integrated scheduling of part, tool and automated guided vehicles in a flexible manufacturing system using modified genetic algorithm	2019	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.. All rights reserved.Scheduling of part and tools without considering material handling devices may result into non-implementable results as the material handling system constraints affect the overall scheduling. In this paper, an attempt has been made for the simultaneous scheduling of part, tool and two automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a flexible manufacturing system which has identical machines with no on-board tool magazine. All the tools are stored in a common tool magazine and are shared among different machines through a material handling system. Each tool type is single in number. The problem has two interrelated problems; one as loading and scheduling of part and tool and other as scheduling of AGVs. Two heuristics namely priority dispatching rules (PDRs) and modified genetic algorithm (MGA) with three parent crossover are used to find the optimal solution to the integrated scheduling problem. Both PDRs and MGA use an algorithm based on the concept of Giffler and Thompson procedure and a heuristic approach to generate the active feasible schedule. The performance of the two proposed algorithm is compared for the results of makespan. It was found that the MGA gives better results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system,Integrated scheduling,Makespan,MGA,Modified genetic algorithm
Possibilities and Benefits of Using Material Flow Information to Improve the Internal Hospital Supply Chain	2019	IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology	IFIP International Federation for Information Processing 2019.The concept of Supply Chain Management has become increasingly important in healthcare and notably in hospitals. Information along the supply chain is the key element for analysis and improvement purposes. The aim of the study is to analyze and visualize the material flow at a Norwegian hospital to identify the possibilities and benefits in current and future planning and operation. The integration of IT enables combining material and information flow. Statically analyses of the material flow can support in planning and control of the logistics activities. The visualization of the material flow can support to take long-term decisions e.g. for distributing departments at the hospital.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management	Automated Guided Vehicle,Hospital,Material flow
Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles and Conflict-Free Routing in Flexible Manufacturing Systems	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Usually, machine and automated guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling are studied simultaneously. However, previous studies often used a fixed number of AGVs or did not consider routing problems and transportation time. This paper focuses on the machine and AGV scheduling problem in a flexible manufacturing system by simultaneously considering the optimal number of AGVs, the shortest transportation time, a path planning problem, and a conflict-free routing problem (CFRP). To study these problems simultaneously, we propose a genetic algorithm combined with the Dijkstra algorithm that is based on a time window. The tri-string chromosome coding method is designed to ensure that the solutions are feasible after the genetic operator has been applied. Global, local, and random searches are adopted in reasonable proportions to improve the quality and diversity of the initial population. The Dijkstra algorithm based on the time window is embedded into the genetic algorithm to search for the shortest route, detect collisions for multiple vehicles simultaneously, and finally, solve the shortest CFRP. The objective is to minimize the makespan while considering the influence of the number of AGVs. Increasing the number of AGVs has a significant impact on the makespan in the initial stage. However, the makespan tends to stabilize as the number of AGVs reaches some threshold. To balance the relationship between the minimum makespan and the optimal number of AGVs, we set the minimum decrease rate to 5% when determining the minimum makespan and confirming the corresponding number of AGVs to be the optimal value. In this paper, to verify the effectiveness of our approach, we propose two sets of computational experiments. The first set of results shows that the proposed algorithm is as efficient and effective at solving the scheduling problem as the benchmark approaches. The second set of computational experiments indicates that the proposed approach is applicable for solving integrated scheduling problems in flexible manufacturing systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Conflict-free routing problem,Dijkstra algorithm,genetic algorithm,optimal number of AGVs,time window
Model Based Path Optimization for Valet Parking with Trailer	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.In this article, an approach for parking with trailer is designed. The path planning for backward parking of a truck and trailer vehicle is a central aspect, especially the path optimization. For calculating the path a polynomial approach is applied. The used kinematic single-track model and assumed smooth signals lead to a polynomial approach, where the starting and ending data like position, angle, curvature, and its derivatives are interpolated. In this approach there appear degrees of freedom in the solution which interpolates the data independently of the choice for the mentioned variables. The problem can be stated as an optimization problem and the free parameters are optimized.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Automobile Industry,Optimization Problems,Path Planning
Improvement in UWB indoor positioning by using multiple tags to filter positioning errors	2019	Journal of Internet Technology	2019 Taiwan Academic Network Management Committee. All rights reserved.In this paper, we introduce an indoor-positioning system using ultra-wideband radio signals. To enhance the accuracy of indoor positioning, in our study, we propose to use multiple anchors installed at the same locations to filter positioning error to reduce the instability caused by receiving signals. In addition, we also propose a filtering algorithm referring to the absolute position and moving-direction information of the positioned object and a prediction method to predict the next position of the positioned object based on previous coordinates. When the error values are out of the acceptable range, it can adopt prediction results to conduct calibration using a control object. From the experimental results, our proposed method is effective in enhancing the accuracy of indoor positioning compared to other related works.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Software,Computer Networks and Communications	Automated guided vehicle,Filtering algorithm,Indoor positioning,Ultra-wideband
Visual localization technology of AGV based on global sparse map 基于全局稀疏地图的AGV视觉定位技术	2019	Beijing Hangkong Hangtian Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics	2019, Editorial Board of JBUAA. All right reserved.In order to realize the high-precision localization of automated guided vehicle (AGV) in complex industrial environment and overcome the influence of environment change, a vision localization method based on a global sparse map was proposed. First, a large-capacity two-dimensional coded point was designed, which was set on the ground as an artificial landmark. Based on a quad recognition algorithm, the coded points were accurately segmented and identified in complex industrial environment. The feature points from different images were properly matched by using the coded information provided by coded points. Then, a block-optimization three-dimensional reconstruction algorithm was designed to build a map for a large-scale industrial environment, which provided a sparse electronic map for AGV visual localization. The visual localization of AGV was realized by matching the feature points from the visual sensor and sparse electronic maps. The repeated precision of AGV is less than 0.5 mm, the angle deviation is less than 0.5°, and the average displacement error of trajectory is less than 0.1%. The practical application shows that the method can realize the visual localization of AGV in complex industrial environment. The speed and precision of localization both meet the requirements of industrial application, which provides a new way for vision-based localization of AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Aerospace Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Coded point,Sparse map,Three-dimensional reconstruction,Visual localization
Challenges in the introduction of AGVs in production lines: Case Studies In The Automotive Industry	2019	Serbian Journal of Management	2019, Serbian Journal of Management.Increasing customers' requirements together with the current trend of digitization in the spirit of Industry 4.0 puts pressure on manufacturing companies to increase both the flexibility and the performance of their manufacturing and logistic processes. This work presents the challenges in the introduction of AGV (Automatically Guided Vehicles) technology in production lines through two case studies from two different countries, Portugal and the Czech Republic. Both companies are from the automotive industry. Case study research aims to explore and understand complex phenomena. The main purpose of this study is to investigate the limitations and necessary conditions that must be considered when implementing AGV technology for automating selected logistic processes. Based on the data collected through multiple observations, a three-phase methodology considering technological, organizational and safety aspects is proposed as the main output. The basic scheme also includes the proposal of some critical success factors and key performance indicators that should be monitored in order to evaluate the efficiency of implementing this technology in future projects.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	3	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Case study,Logistic performance,Logistics,Material handling
Detection of freestanding containers for the fine positioning of an automated guided vehicle Erkennung von freistehenden behältern für die feinposi-tionierung eines fahrerlosen transportfahrzeugs	2019	Logistics Journal	Wissenschaftliche Gesellschaft fur Technische Logistik. All rights reserved.In modern and flexible production environments, automated guided vehicles (AGV) must be able to detect the position of individual objects in space with low tolerances for specific tasks. In this study, the position detection of freestanding containers is investigated using the example of FLIP®, a vehicle for infrastructure-less decentralized container storage. Two different sensor systems and methods for the detection of the container position relative to the current vehicle position will be tested.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Bin] Automated Guided Vehicle,Detection,Positioning
Battery charging strategies for agv systems Energieladestrategien für fts	2019	Logistics Journal	2019 Logistics Journal: Proceedings.Automated guided vehicle systems are used for internal material transport. Due to technical advances, modern vehicles are no longer fixed to a track. This gives them more flexibility but makes it more difficult to charge their batteries while driving. They therefore have to visit charging stations to be charged. They are not available for material transport during the charging process. If too many vehicles have to charge at the same time, the system can no longer guarantee the planned throughput. In this work, battery charging strategies were developed to prevent too many vehicles from charging at the same time. The strategies were then tested in a simulation study and their effectiveness could be demonstrated. There were always enough vehicles available so that no orders were processed late. If the strategies were not used, delays occurred.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Automated guided vehicles,Battery charging management,Battery charging strategies,Energy management
Using queuing theory and simulated annealing to design the facility layout in an AGV-based modular manufacturing system	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.An automated guided vehicle-based flow production system is used for manufacturing prefabricated bathroom units. One unit can occupy a space of more than 10 m2. Due to large time deviations in sequential processes, queues are formed and greater plant space is needed. Reducing work-in-progress helps to save plant space but renders manufacture less efficient. The research explores better workstation arrangements. An open queuing network (OQN) model was used to approximate the flow production system. Since the problem of workstation arrangement is a combinatorial optimisation problem, simulated annealing (SA) was applied to search for a good solution. The combination of an OQN model and SA provides a powerful tool to solve the facility layout problem for a stochastic flow production system. The experimental results show that the proposed approach has the potential to guide industrial layout design and practice.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	facility layout,flow lines,modular manufacturing,queuing theory,simulated annealing
Robust and real-time detection and tracking of moving objects with minimum 2d lidar information to advance autonomous cargo handling in ports	2019	Sensors (Switzerland)	2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Detecting and tracking moving objects (DATMO) is an essential component for autonomous driving and transportation. In this paper, we present a computationally low-cost and robust DATMO system which uses as input only 2D laser rangefinder (LRF) information. Due to its low requirements both in sensor needs and computation, our DATMO algorithm is meant to be used in current Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) to improve their reliability for the cargo transportation tasks at port terminals, advancing towards the next generation of fully autonomous transportation vehicles. Our method follows a Detection plus Tracking paradigm. In the detection step we exploit the minimum information of 2D-LRFs by segmenting the elements of the scene in a model-free way and performing a fast object matching to pair segmented elements from two different scans. In this way, we easily recognize dynamic objects and thus reduce consistently by between two and five times the computational burden of the adjacent tracking method. We track the final dynamic objects with an improved Multiple-Hypothesis Tracking (MHT), to which special functions for filtering, confirming, holding, and deleting targets have been included. The full system is evaluated in simulated and real scenarios producing solid results. Specifically, a simulated port environment has been developed to gather realistic data of common autonomous transportation situations such as observing an intersection, joining vehicle platoons, and perceiving overtaking maneuvers. We use different sensor configurations to demonstrate the robustness and adaptability of our approach. We additionally evaluate our system with real data collected in a port terminal the Netherlands. We show that it is able to accomplish the vehicle following task successfully, obtaining a total system recall of more than 98% while running faster than 30 Hz.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	6	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous driving,Autonomous transportation of cargo,DATMO,Lidar perception,Multi-hypothesis tracking,Object detection,Object tracking,Single-layer laser scanner
Resource allocation network and PID control based on automated guided vehicles	2019	Academic Journal of Manufacturing Engineering	2019 Editura Politechnica. All rights reserved.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) are used more and more in modern industrial production and logistics. In the traditional guiding method, the AGV mainly adopts the magnetic guiding mode, and the obtained deviation information is single, and the control effect is poor, so that the operation of the AGV is easy to cause the left and right shaking phenomenon, thereby causing the AGV to derail. In the actual factory floor operation, the traditional PID (Proportional Integral Derivative) controller control technology is difficult to meet the complex trajectory tracking requirements of AGV. Therefore, the research on the path recognition of AGV and its trajectory tracking control has extremely important application value. The core of AGV car motion control is to control servo drive motor to achieve speed tracking. In this paper, PID parameters are adjusted by RAN algorithm. The simulation results show that the method has high performance, good tracking ability and high approximation precision.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,PID,Resource Allocation Network
Study on AGVs battery charging strategy for improving utilization	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.The battery charging strategy of automation guided vehicles (AGVs) is playing an important role in improving the utilization of AGVs. This paper proposes two dual-stage battery charging strategies of AGVs, which equip with lithium-ion battery for improving the utilization. In stage 1, two routing decisions based on heuristic algorithm are developed, namely the nearest charging station (NCS) and the minimum delay charging station (MDCS); while in stage 2, the duration of each charging occurrence is reduced considering the charging characteristic of lithium-ion battery. A real case is adopted to illustrate the applicability and effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Battery charging strategy,Utilization
Framework for Adaptive Controller Design Over Wireless Delay-Prone Communication Channels	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Control over wireless channels promises to be a great enabler for an interconnected world. Historically, the 'control engineering' and 'wireless communications' domains were seen as separate, but with upcoming 5G networks, joint design of wireless control systems promises large gains in both the domains for a wide range of applications. By means of a typical industrial use case of the automated guided vehicles (AGVs), we present a methodology to analyze the latency requirements along with the wireless links from a controller to a plant (downlink) and from a plant to its controller (uplink). From the perspective of a Wireless Communications Engineer, we present a framework to analyze the basic properties of the resulting control cycle in order to derive feasible latency values that differ from the commonly found values in the communications literature. Also, we highlight an approach to derive the proportional-derivative (PD) controller parameters that yield the best control performance according to the integral of absolute error (IAE) criterion. At last, we present the idea of a cross-domain manager (CDM) that is able to translate (in real-time) the current network performance metrics to optimal controller gains.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	5G,control over wireless,networked control systems,tactile Internet,URLLC,wireless factory automation
Improved Visual SLAM Algorithm in Factory Environment 工厂环境下改进的视觉SLAM算法	2019	Jiqiren/Robot	2019, Science Press. All right reserved.Aiming at the high positioning accuracy of automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in industrial scene, an improved visual simultaneous localization and mapping (VSLAM) algorithm is proposed. In the front end of the algorithm, the stereo images are captured using a binocular camera and sub-pixel-level matching point pairs are obtained through binocular matching algorithm. And the 3D information of these feature points is calculated in the camera coordinate system. Then the pose transformation is acquired using RansacPnP algorithm based on the 3D-2D matching point pairs. And the transformation is used as the initial value to do the local optimization by minimizing re-projection errors. Additionally, an uncertainty model is proposed based on the Hamming distance between the descriptors of matching point pairs. The model provides the information matrix for the constraints in the local optimization, which can improve the positioning accuracy. In the back end of the algorithm, reliable closed-loop information of artificial landmarks is detected using the monocular camera shooting vertically upwards, and then the global pose optimization is conducted. According to the motion model and working scene of the AGV, an optimization method based on global plane constraint is proposed to reduce the error of SLAM system. In the experiment, the accuracy of binocular odometer in the front end of the proposed algorithm is compared with the odometers in ORB-SLAM2 and libviso2 algorithm using the offline KITTI dataset. The online experiments in the factory environment are conducted to test the real localization accuracy and robustness of the whole system. The results show that the algorithm is of good overall performance, and its positioning errors are within 10 cm, while the positioning frequency can reach 20 Hz, which can meet the industrial requirements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	(visual SLAM),Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Plane constraint,Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM),Visual odometry,VSLAM
Field study on an automated guided vehicle system contract award for decen-trally controlled production supply in cyber-physical production systems Feldstudie zu einer fts-auftragsvergabe für die dezentral gesteuerte produktionsversorgung in cyber-physischen produktionssystemen	2019	Logistics Journal	Wissenschaftliche Gesellschaft fur Technische Logistik. All rights reserved.Cyber-physical production systems (CPPS), which are created by coupling several autonomously acting cyber-physical systems (CPS) that are networked and cooperating with each other via the Internet, offer approaches for the realization of fully flexible production. A production environment with autonomous, real-time optimized, transparent and fully adaptable structures is created, which is characterized by decentralized decision making, networking and complete embedding of all involved components. The main challenge of decentralized control of production supply in CPPS is increased complexity, as all entities are able to make their own decisions. They take on the role of decision makers. A universal or- ganizational structure for decision making in the Automated Guided Vehicle System will be evaluated that can handle this increased complexity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicle system,Cyber-physical systems,Decentral,Production supply
Event-triggered sliding mode control based trajectory tracking in a cyber-physical space	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2019.Time-triggered controllers have been developed for many trajectory tracking applications. The efficiency of controller plays an important role along with the accuracy of the tracking. Hence, an event-triggered sliding mode controller in a cyber-physical space is proposed in this paper. Event-triggered approach reduces control efforts of the system as the control actions are generated at specific occurrence of events and thereby reduces load on the communication network. The designed event-triggered approach in a cyber-physical space is integrated with communication protocol to prevent system malfunctioning by delayed and corrupt data packets. The proposed event-triggered controller along with the communication protocol is implemented for an automated-guided vehicle model. The results obtained from event-triggered approach are duly compared with time-triggered controller. The results show the efficiency of developed controller.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Automated-guided vehicle,Cyber-physical system,Event-triggered sliding mode controller,Genetic algorithm,Trajectory tracking
Estimation and simulation of charged state of battery for AGV	2019	International Journal of Mechatronics and Applied Mechanics	2019, Cefin Publishing House. All rights reserved.The purpose of this study is to estimate the charge state of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) battery and verify it by simulation experiment. In this study, based on the equivalent model of Thevenin battery and lithium ion battery as the template, the improved extended Kalman filter method is applied to estimate the charged state of AGV batteries. Experiments show that the improved extended Kalman filter method based on Thevenin battery equivalent model is more accurate than the traditional integral method error in estimating the state of charge of the battery in the discharge state. In summary, based on the Thevenin battery equivalent model, the improved extended Kalman filter method is used to estimate the state of charge of the battery for AGV, which is in line with the practical application requirements and is of great significance for the sustainable development of the battery in the future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials	AGV,Improved Extended Kalman Filtering Method,Lithium Ion Battery,State of Charge,Thevenin
Context Aware Community Formation for MAS-Oriented Collective Adaptive System	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.Forming an effective collaboration community is the key to any successful collaborative process. However, community formation approaches for the closed multi-agent systems may be not fit the need of collective adaptive system comprising multi-agent in open environment. We propose a context aware community formation approach (CFAgentColla) for agent collaboration in open MAS. We employ ontology-based matching and calculation techniques to search for an optimized alternative capability of an agent or to generate a commitment according to the capabilities of two collaborative agents. Then, we define an adaptive goal model and propose an executable tree strategy to generate an optimal collaboration protocol according to the goals, capabilities and commitments. Additionally, we illustrate CFAgentColla approach with a real-world medical waste automated guided vehicle transportation scenario and evaluate the feasibility of our approach by validating the mainly executive parameters and by comparing with the planning approach.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Agent collaboration,AGV-based simulation,Semantic calculation
Augmented Reality for Humans-Robots Interaction in Dynamic Slotting “Chaotic Storage” Smart Warehouses	2019	IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology	IFIP International Federation for Information Processing 2019.Nowadays, smart warehouses mostly use Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) controlled through magnetic or painted paths. This approach is suitable for “static slotting” warehouses, and for places where humans do not cross paths with mobile robots. Therefore, fixed-path AGVs are not an optimal solution for dynamic slotting “chaotic storage” warehouses, where picking and delivery paths are often changing. Hence, it is important to create an environment where AGVs have planned their path, and storekeepers can see their paths, and mark restricted areas by virtual means if needed, for these mobile robots and humans to move and stand safely around a smart warehouse. In this paper, we have proposed an Augmented Reality (AR) environment for storekeepers, where they can see an AGV planned path, and they can add virtual obstacles and walls to the mobile robots’ cyber-physical navigation view. These virtual obstacles and walls can be used to determine restricted areas for mobile robots, which can be seen for example as safe areas for humans’ and/or robots’ stationary work. Finally, we introduce the system architecture supporting the proposed AR environment for humans-mobile robots safe and productive interaction.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management	AGVs,Augmented Reality,Chaotic storage,Drones,Dynamic slotting,Human-robot interaction,Industry 4.0,Operator 4.0,Smart warehouses
Dynamic priority based dispatching of AGVs in flexible job shops	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Author(s).In this paper a scheduling and dispatching approach for a flexible job shop incorporating travel times of autonomous guided vehicles is analyzed. Considering multi-purpose machines, routing flexibility is also included. Knowing the calculation of the optimal schedule in this complex manufacturing system is NP-hard, multiple priority dispatching rules for machines and vehicles are compared under the influence of uncertainty. Evaluation shows that, regarding static dispatching, general improvement can be achieved applying this smart dispatching approach in flexible job shop scenarios.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous guided vehicles,Priority dispatching rules,Routing,Sequencing,Simulation
Development of high-accuracy multi-degrees-of-freedom indoor ultrasonic positioning approach for automated guided vehicles	2019	Sensors and Materials	MYU K.K.GPS has been offering commercial outdoor positioning services. However, it is not suitable for indoor positioning purposes because of the weak satellite signals indoors. Therefore, the ultrasound technology has been developed and applied to indoor positioning for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) or moving robots. Unfortunately, traditional trilateral ultrasound methods usually suffer from a narrow coverage range and low accuracy. For this reason, we firstly systematically analyze the effects of ultrasound wave loss on positioning and those of the ultrasonic signal receiving angle. On the basis of fundamental information, a multi-degrees-of-freedom (Multi-DoF) ultrasonic positioning system is then proposed. The Multi-DoF system is constructed using two steering engines, where one has a 360-degree horizontal rotating angle and the other one has a vertical rotating angle greater than 180 degrees. Accordingly, it can efficiently receive all signals from the ultrasonic transmitting device of a moving AGV. Experimental results confirm that the proposed method can reduce the average positioning error to 3.2 cm, significantly improving the accuracy compared with existing trilateral methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Instrumentation,Materials Science (all)	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Indoor positioning,Positioning error,Ultrasonic positioning,Ultrasonic sensor
On an automated material handling system design problem in cellular manufacturing systems	2019	European Journal of Industrial Engineering	2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.We consider the automated material handling system design problem in a cellular manufacturing system (CMS). Simple transportation units including low-cost automated guided vehicles are quite often used in CMSs in South Korea. It is assumed that a transportation unit circulates among a group of cells (stations), and the unit is assumed to collect items from the output buffer of the stations. Collected items are unloaded at a cell which functions as a storage. We are interested in the capacity of the transportation unit, or the number of cells the transportation should visit. Using an embedded Markov chain, we derive the remaining capacity of the transportation unit when it leaves each station. In addition, the probability that the transportation unit is full at its departure epoch is also derived. We provide various numerical results including the effect of volatility of the arrival rates among stations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cellular manufacturing system,Multi-load AGV,Queueing analysis,Seru production system,Tandem AGV
Use of simulation model for measurement of MilkRun system performance	2019	Open Engineering	2019 G. Fedorko et al., published by De Gruyter.Intra-plant transport systems within their operation directly impact on the performance of production systems. For their effective operation, it is, therefore, necessary to realize evaluation of operational performance and effectivity. For the realization of this type of evaluation, in addition to a wide range of sensors that can be difficult for installation and operation, we can also use indirect methods that are equally able to provide reliable operational characteristics. Indirect analytical methods are presented above all by the approach which is based on the use of simulation methods. The method of computer simulation provides a wide range of options for the evaluation of efficiency and performance. The paper describes the use of a simulation model created in the program Tecnomatix Plant Simulation for analyzing the supply of production workplaces within the MilkRun system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	4	Environmental Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all),Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,analysis,MilkRun,simulation,transport
A MIMO robust servo controller design for three-wheeled automated guided vehicles using a linear shift invariant differential operator	2019	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2019.This paper proposes a multi-input multi-output (MIMO) robust servo controller design for three-wheeled Omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicles (OAGVs) with a disturbance to track desired references using a linear shift invariant differential (LSID) operator. To design the proposed MIMO robust servo controller, the followings are performed. Firstly, a MIMO model of a three-wheeled OAGV is presented. Secondly, by operating the LSID operator according to a state-space model and an output error vector, a new extended system and a new control law are obtained. Thirdly, the proposed MIMO robust servo controller for the given three-wheeled OAGV is designed by using the pole assignment approach. Fourthly, by applying the inverse LSID operator, a servo compensator and a control law for the MIMO system are obtained. Finally, to verify the effectiveness of the proposed MIMO robust servo controller, the numerical simulation and experimental results are presented. The simulation and experimental results demonstrate that the proposed MIMO robust servo controller has adequate tracking performance under an external disturbance and complicated higher-order reference signals such as step, ramp, and parabola. These results are compared with those of the sliding mode control method proposed by N. Hung in 2010. The proposed MIMO robust servo controller demonstrates faster tracking performance than the sliding mode control method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	LSID operator,MIMO robust servo controller,Pole assignment approach,Servo compensator,Three-wheeled OAGV
Interval max-plus fault-tolerant control under resource conflicts and redundancies: application to the seat assembly	2019	International Journal of Control	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper reports the development and application of an interval max-plus fault-tolerant control to a seat assembly system. Such systems will undergo a profound change because novel seats for autonomous driving contain expanded safety systems and are more voluminous and heavy. Automated guided vehicles are a promising means of transportation in these systems, but they require dedicated and advanced control systems. This rises new challenges because such an assembly system can dispose both shared resources and redundant elements. This paper presents a fault-tolerant control framework, which allows dealing with systems containing shared resources as well as redundancies. It also overcomes the problem of uncertainties and constraints, which are inevitable in industrial reality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	assembly system,fault-tolerant control,interval analysis,Max-plus algebra,model predictive control
Case Study on a Proven Concept for Lateral Path Following Control	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.A proven lateral path following concept will be introduced in the present study. The main idea is to increase the tracking accuracy by omitting a look ahead based control law and utilizing a simple model which nicely represents the lateral vehicle dynamic. The resulting cascade control structure, as well as the vehicle dynamic model, is discussed in detail. Based on this, model-based controller tuning methods are applied for the parameterization of the individual controllers. Finally, the results are verified with real-world test drive data. Within the scope of this study, it is aimed to propose a robust and easy to tune controller structure in order to regulate the lateral movement of the vehicle in a smooth way. In accordance with that aim, it is more focused on classical control methods than the more sophisticated and computational complex control strategies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Automobile Industry,Automotive Control,Dynamic Behavior
Vehicle pose estimation algorithm for parking automated guided vehicle	2019	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2019.Parking automated guided vehicle is more and more widely used for efficient automatic parking and one of the tough challenges for parking automated guided vehicle is the problem of vehicle pose estimation. The traditional algorithms rely on the profile information of vehicle body and sensors are required to be mounted at the top of the vehicle. However, the sensors are always mounted at a lower place because the height of a parking automated guided vehicle is always beyond 0.2mm, where we can only get the vehicle wheel information and limited vehicle body information. In this article, a novel method is given based on the symmetry of wheel point clouds collected by 3-D lidar. Firstly, we combine cell-based method with support vector machine classifier to segment ground point clouds. Secondly, wheel point clouds are segmented from obstacle point clouds and their symmetry are corrected by iterative closest point algorithm. Then, we estimate the vehicle pose by the symmetry plane of wheel point clouds. Finally, we compare our method with registration method that combines sample consensus initial alignment algorithm and iterative closest point algorithm. The experiments have been carried out.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	3-D point clouds,ground segmentation,Parking AGV,registration algorithm,vehicle pose estimation
Affine ICP for fine localization of smart-AGVs in smart factories	2019	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	Copyright  2019 ASME.With the emergence of the concept of Industry 4.0, smart factories have started to be planned in which the production paradigm will change. Automated Guided Vehicles, abbreviated as AGV, that will perform load carrying and similar tasks in smart factories, Smart-AGVs, will try to reach their destinations on their own route instead of predetermined routes like in today’s factories. Moreover, since they will not reach their targets in a single way, they have to dock a target with their fine localization algorithms. In this paper, an affine Iterative Closest Point, abbreviated as ICP, based fine localization method is proposed, and applied on Smart-AGV docking problem in smart factories. ICP is a point set registration method but it is also used for localization applications due to its high precision. Affine ICP is an ICP variant which finds affine transformation between two point sets. In general, the objective function of ICP is constructed based on least square metric. In this study, we use affine ICP with correntropy metric. Correntropy is a similarity measure between two random variables, and affine ICP with correntropy tries to maximize the similarity between two point sets. Affine ICP has never been utilized in fine localization problem. We make an update on affine ICP by means of polar decomposition to reach transformation between two point sets in terms of rotation matrix and translation vector. The performance of the algorithm proposed is validated in simulation and the efficiency of it is demonstrated on MATLAB by comparing with the docking performance of the traditional ICP.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	1	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation	None
Development of a case-based reasoning expert system for the disturbance management in automated guided vehicle systems Entwicklung eines fallbasierten expertensystems für das störungsmanagement in fahrerlosen transportsystemen	2019	Logistics Journal	Wissenschaftliche Gesellschaft fur Technische Logistik. All rights reserved.Automated guided vehicle systems (AGVS) are an essential part of modern intralogistics. So far, the major part of the design cycle (implementation and opera-tion) of an AGVS demands human expertise. Especially, the manually executed management of occurring disturbances leads to high maintenance costs since it often requires the consultation of experts. Therefore, the following paper discusses the development of a Case-Based Reasoning (CBR) expert system for assisting the disturbance management in AGVS. The development is sectioned into three major parts: (1) generation of the case-base, (2) development of the algorithms for case retrieval, case adaptation and retaining new cases and (3) the validation of the expert system. The generation of the case-base and the training data for the expert system is done by simulating the real production layout of a German white good manufacturer using the simulation environment Visual Components. The solutions for the simulated disturbances as well as the adaptation algorithms are based on knowledge extracted from system experts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicle systems,Case-Based Reasoning,Disturbance management,Expert systems
Development of path planning approach using improved a-star algorithm in AGV system	2019	Journal of Internet Technology	2019 Taiwan Academic Network Management Committee. All rights reserved.Automated guided vehicles (AGV) has been widely applied in industry, especially in warehousing, logistics and port transportation, etc. The most important issue in the AGV control system is how to determine the shortest path. Although A-star algorithm is usually used to solve this problem due to its fast computational time, it may suffer from some drawbacks, for instance, there are too many unnecessary inflection points and redundant nodes during its moving process. For this reason, the improved A-star algorithm is proposed to optimize the motion path, including the reduction of path length, number of AGV turns and path planning time. In this scheme, a key point selection strategy is used for the secondary planning based on the initial path obtained by the A-Star algorithm. Therefore, redundant inflection points and nodes in the path can be effectively removed. Additionally, the rotation direction and rotation angle of AGV at the inflection point can be thus determined. This improved A-star method can provide a more efficient path planning with shorter routes, less turn times and shorter operation time compared with previous methods, such as the A-star algorithm and the ant colony algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Computer Networks and Communications	A-star algorithm,Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Heuristic search algorithm,Path planning
Concept and Validation of a Guidance Approach for Highly Automated Shuttles	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Feasibility studies on futuristic and autonomous shuttles are currently available in several media reports. These shuttle systems are promising a much higher level of automation than the previous status quo on the automotive market. The assistance systems of commercially available vehicles primarily support the driver through monitoring and warning functions as well as through simple control tasks in special situations such as parking maneuvers or driving on highways. In this article, we are presenting the proven results regarding highly automated decision making, movement planning and vehicle dynamic control, which was utilized in the people mover of the project "Optimized Transport System" (OTS). In the OTS Project IAV GmbH developed an highly automated, electric vehicle for local public transport on an urban route. The presented approach is based on classical rule-based decision making, model-based path planning, model-free trajectory planning as well as highly accurate trajectory tracking-control. A validation section at the end of the paper discusses the performance of the presented approach using real-world measurement data.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Automatic Control,Decision Making,Path,Trajectory Planning
Linear Time-Variant Vehicle Trajectory Guidance with Nonlinear Inversion-Based Feedforward Control	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.This work presents a two-degree-of-freedom (2DOF) control concept for vehicle trajectory guidance for automated driving on highways consisting of a nonlinear feedforward control and a linear time-variant feedback controller. To obtain a linear time-variant system of the error dynamics the nonlinear vehicle model is linearized along a given trajectory. To relieve the feedback controller future knowledge of the vehicle movement contained in the trajectory is used to create a nonlinear inversion-based feedforward control. Finally, the control concept is applied in a sophisticated simulation environment and compared to a nonlinear benchmark controller. In addition, model states are chosen in a way that all required signals can be obtained by state-of-the-art hardware of production vehicles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering	automated guided vehicles,feedforward control,linear quadratic regulator,system inversion,Time-variant control
Sustainable intralogistics due to uniform software and modular transport entities	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND licenseThe current trend in internal value stream structures shows a clear development towards a combination of the specific advantages of the operation-oriented and the process-oriented production systems. All scientific approaches have in common that flexible intralogistics production networks require an autonomous and intelligent transportation systems that is not designed for a specific task, but can take on different transport roles due to their versatility. However, a comprehensive analysis of current designs and research projects in the field of AGVs and intralogistics transport robots show that there is neither the necessary interoperability of different systems nor a system architecture that addresses a flexible material flow independent of the physical design of the transportation system. AGVs mainly have a central control system, which manages the generation of transport orders and their disposition on the vehicles. In addition, the routes are specified centrally for the vehicles, even if they have free navigation. The individual transport unit is therefore only an executing machine that processes the assigned transport orders without any influence on order dispatching or route planning. Therefore, these AGV approaches do not have the flexibility and autonomy required for an intralogistics production network. The research project addresses the necessary interoperability of logistics systems and the abandonment of proprietary standalone solutions. For this purpose, methods for digitizing the workspace, route planning and path execution using a service-oriented architecture (SOA) were developed. A central component of this architecture is the approach described in the paper to enable decentralized path planning on the vehicles. Therefore, the path planning must be applicable to different target platforms without implementation effort and the vehicle software must be designed independently of the application. This approach allows intralogistics systems to be flexible and adaptable, resulting in a more sustained use of these systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous Transport Systems,Modular Intralogistics,Sustainable Production Systems,Uniform Software
Dispatch and conflict-free routing of capacitated vehicles with storage stack allocation	2019	Journal of the Operational Research Society	2019,  Operational Research Society 2019.Congested traffic networks impose great difficulties upon scheduling material transportation in industrial settings. Dispatching decisions become complex when, in addition to conflict-free routes, storage location must also be considered. The present paper integrates the dispatch and conflict-free routing of capacitated vehicles with the storage allocation problem and proposes a heuristic approach for minimising the total completion time of box pickup, delivery and relocation requests in a warehouse environment. The developed formulation models a warehouse setting in which boxes are stored in stacks and considers different forward and reverse speeds for the vehicles, real-world movement restrictions and a LIFO loading policy. The proposed approach is evaluated using two different metaheuristics and the results are compared against existing schedules prepared by an industry partner. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method for large-scale instances and highlight how improved storage allocation decisions can reduce service times.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	1	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	box transportation,capacitated vehicles,Conflict-free routing,LIFO loading,metaheuristics,storage allocation
Enhanced power transmission for on-road AGV wireless charging systems using a current-optimized technique	2019	Progress In Electromagnetics Research C	2019, Electromagnetics Academy. All rights reserved.This paper provides a sound wireless power transfer (WPT) recharging solution for onroad automated guided vehicle (AGV) system. In this solution, multiple transmitting coils serve as power transmitters (TXs), and a receiving coil in AGV serves as a power receiver (RX). The multiple TXs are along a straight track for dynamic charging to AGV. The circuit model of multiple-TX and single-RX WPT system is first constructed based on circuit theory (CT), and then current-optimized scheme based on Lagrangian multiplier method is proposed to tune the currents in multiple TXs to maximize the power delivered to the load (PDL). The equal current (EC Case) flowing through each TX is compared with the optimal current (OC Case). Through contrastive analysis, the OC Case shows its advantages in PDL. Finally, the theoretical analysis results are confirmed by the results of full-wave electromagnetic simulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	None
An Improved Multi-Object Adaptive Cruise Control Approach	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Developments regarding driver assistant systems are one of the most active fields of research and development within the automotive industry. In the present paper, a longitudinal vehicle guidance concept for a multi-object Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) will be introduced. The goal is to design a reliable, computationally efficient and intuitive approach for ACC which maximizes the drivers comfort in dense traffic conditions. Development of the control structure, as well as the target selection approach, are the central aspects of the paper. The results are verified with measurement data from test drives on the Boulevard Périphérique in Paris.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Automobile Industry,Automotive Control,Dynamic Behaviour
Research and develop of AGV platform for the logistics warehouse environment	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.In the field of logistics, the storehouse management plays an important role. It is difficult to handle a large warehouse only with human. Therefore, the implementation of path tracking AGV robot is investigated as an automated solution. From the requirements of warehouse service, the hardware structure of robot is demonstrated in this work. Then, the software design is built to operate in real-time. Besides, overall system is scheduled to realize in various cases. The monitoring program in host PC will track the actual position of AGV along the trajectory. From the experimental design of AGV robot, the feasibility and capability of design and control approach which is proposed in this paper are proved.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Autonomous system,Logistics,Robotics,Unmanned ground vehicle
A comparative study of multi-criteria decision-making approaches for prioritising the manufacturing systems	2019	International Journal of Process Management and Benchmarking	2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.. All rights reserved.Globalisation and modern lifestyle trends have put up tremendous challenges to manufacturing industries. To meet the challenges imposed by today's dynamic market conditions it is the right time for the manufacturing companies to move from traditional manufacturing system to advanced manufacturing system. This paper highlights four areas of manufacturing systems, i.e., humanised flexible manufacturing system (HFMS), flexible manufacturing system (FMS), computer integrated manufacturing (CIM) and computer numerical control (CNC) systems. The purpose of this paper is to provide a framework to proactively select the best manufacturing system. This study is an effort for identifying the factors affecting the manufacturing system and to find out the best manufacturing system. For this purpose a comparative study of multicriteria decision-making approaches, analytic network process (ANP) and analytic hierarchy process (AHP) techniques has been used for prioritisation of alternatives. The shortcomings of the research are stated and future directions are proposed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	AHP,Analytic hierarchy process,Analytic network process,ANP,CIM,CNC,Computer integrated manufacturing,Computer numerical control,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,HFMS,Humanised flexible manufacturing system,Measures
Human-AGV Interaction: Real-Time Gesture Detection Using Deep Learning	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In this paper, we present a real-time human body gesture recognition for controlling Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) in facility. Exploiting the breakthrough of deep convolutional networks in computers, we have developed a system that can detect the human gestures and give corresponding commands to the AGV according to different gestures. For avoiding interference of multiple operational targets in an image, we proposed a method to filter out the non-operator. In addition, we propose a human gesture interpreter with clear semantic information and build a new human gesture dataset with 8 gestures to train or fine-tune the deep neural networks for human gesture detection. In order to balance accuracy and response speed, we choose MobileNet-SSD as the detection network.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Deep learning,Human gesture,MobileNet-SSD
Role of ACO Driven AGV in Intelligent Transport Systems	2019	Lecture Notes on Data Engineering and Communications Technologies	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.The cutting-edge evolution in the design of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) has led to a tremendous transformation in the Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS). An organised fleet of AGVs may be deployed in order to optimize transportation times, augment the locomotion of the vehicles to reduce congestion, minimise the chances of collisions, efficient task and job scheduling programs, cooperative driving etc. To develop a solver for the aforementioned tasks, the requirement is that of a meta-heuristic technique that shall be able to handle the NP-hard problems efficiently. The Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) is one such probabilistic computational multi-agent mechanism that may be employed to accomplish the same. The paper focuses on the real-time applications of the ACO and its variants when combined with the AGVs for smart traffic management.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	0	Media Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Ant colony optimization,Automated guided vehicles,Cooperative driving,Intelligent transport system,Multi-agent systems,NP-hard problems
Development of unmanned guided vehicle for material handling automation for industry 4.0	2019	International Journal of Recent Technology and Engineering	2018, Blue Eyes Intelligence Engineering and Sciences Publication. All rights reserved.In the current scenario, the industries are implementing automation in every field works. Industries are trying to reduce the labor cost and processing time which is taken by the human. This proposed work will be helpful for handling the materials efficiently. That is, for picking the raw materials from the storehouse and carrying it on the vehicle and transporting to the workshop where it is being machined. To replace the labor cost and to reduce the processing time, this type of vehicle can be used. The UGV picks the raw materials that had to be machined from the storehouse to the workshop where the machining processes are done. ARDUINO UNO R3 ATMEGA 328P controller is the heart of the system which controls the vehicle movement and arm actuation. The robotic arm consists of 5 servo motors with the gripper at its end. The vehicle with three wheels is helpful for carrying the materials from one place to another place. Three IR sensors are used for detecting the black line on which the vehicle has to move. Sensor 1 and 2 are used for sensing the black line. Whenever it is sensed the vehicle has to move forward or left or right. The third sensor indicates the storehouse or the workshop. When the robot reaches the storehouse, which is indicated by the third IR sensor, the vehicle stops and ARDUINO UNO R3 actuates the arm and simulates it to carry the goods. The vehicle automatically starts and carries it to the workshop without any human interruptions. Hence, the proposed project is useful for carrying and transporting the raw materials and finished goods efficiently with the less consumption of time. This research includes the robotic arm with a gripper, an Autonomous vehicle with three wheels, ARDUINO UNO R3 controller, Motor driver, three InfraRed sensors (IR) and Single-Mode Power Supply (SMPS).	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Engineering (all),Management of Technology and Innovation	ARDUINO UNO R3 ATMEGA 328P,Material handling+,Robotic arm,Unmanned guided vehicle
Semi-heterarchical architecture to AGV adjustable autonomy within FMSs	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.A flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is a highly integrated manufacturing system in which there is some amount of flexibility that allows the system to react in case of changes, whether predicted or unpredicted. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are suitable for FMSs because they provide flexibility, adjustability and the connection of processing subsystems by handling raw materials, sub-assemblies or finished products. The static level of autonomy granted to AGVs affects their flexibility in dealing with perturbations, efficiency and the contribution to global performance. This paper presents a semi-heterarchical architecture to AGVs' autonomy control to mitigate perturbations of FMS and increase their overall performance. This approach is based on the semi-heterarchical architecture between AGVs using belief-desired-intention BDI model for decision-making under normal and disturbance scenarios. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is demonstrated via a case study. We conclude that adjustable autonomy results in better performance than the classic static version.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Colombia	2	Control and Systems Engineering	adjustable autonomy,automated guided vehicle (AGV),Autonomy,cyber-physical systems (CPS),flexible manufacturing system (FMS),semi-heterarchical architecture
Generating smooth trajectories in local path planning for automated guided vehicles in production	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.When operating automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a logistics or production environment, they are likely to face unknown obstacles, e.g. logistics containers or human personnel. In order to ensure a high productivity of the AGVs, instead of stopping, they are supposed to circumvent such obstacles if possible. At the same time, the jerk in the circumventing movement must be kept small to reduce wear on the drive system and to ensure that the AGV's load does not become disordered or damaged. Circumventing obstacles is done using local path planning. Local path planning aims to find a short-term path planning solution in an unknown environment. However, common algorithms for local path planning, like vector field histogram or dynamic window, generate a steering command for the next interval without respect to smoothness of the path. If the generated paths are smoothed, this happens by statistically reducing jitter in the results. Such a smoothing method does not take the jerk into account. This paper shows that paths of G2 differentiability are needed to reduce jerk on a path planning level. A path planning concept for the vector field histogram and for dynamic window and an evaluation method for this concept are shown.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,Collision avoidance,Dynamic window approach,Mobile robots,Path planning,Smooth Path planning,Vector field histogram
A Hybrid Vehicle Dispatching Approach for Unified Automated Material Handling System in 300mm Semiconductor Wafer Fabrication System	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The automation of unified automated material handling system (UAMHS) in 300mm semiconductor wafer fabrication system (SWFS) is complex due to complicated product mixes, numerous and dynamic transportation demands, transportation deadlock, and vehicle blockages. Vehicle dispatching has become one of crucial means to improve the overall operating efficiency of UAMHS. Currently, many vehicle dispatching studies have been devoted to the optimization of the performance indexes of UAMHS. However, more important performance indexes related to SWFS, such as cycle time, throughput, and due date satisfaction, were seldom considered. To bridge this gap, a fuzzy logical and Hungarian algorithm-based (FLHA) vehicle dispatching approach is proposed to obtain better comprehensive performance of UAMHS and SWFS simultaneously. In the proposed approach, candidate wafer lots' transport priority is identified and sorted by fuzzy logic method firstly. Then the wafer lots with higher priority are selected as candidate lots, and it is assigned to the idle transport vehicles based on Hungarian method. After the optimized assigning solution is found, a greedy vehicle transport policy is design to execute it, which can reduce temporary transportation deadlock and vehicles' waste movement effectively. With experimental data from an UAMHS of 300 mm SWFS and running simulation experiments, the results demonstrated that the proposed approach is feasible and effective. Further comparisons with other traditional vehicle dispatching approaches show that the proposed approach has better comprehensive performance in terms of cycle time, throughput, due date satisfaction, delivery time, transport time, and OHT vehicle utilization.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Fuzzy logic,Hungarian method,unified automated material handling system,vehicle dispatching
Research on hybrid-load AGV dispatching problem for mixed-model automobile assembly line	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.Automobile industry has marched into an age of mass customization, and begun to use mixed-model assembly lines. The demand for materials in each assembly station is constantly changing. To meet with the demand, this paper proposes a hybrid-load AGV dispatching model, which allocates different types of AGVs for different sizes of materials. With an attempt to minimize the total cost of logistics system, the genetic algorithm is employed to solve a real problem and analyze this model. The results indicate that hybrid-load AGV dispatching model is better than single-load or multi-load model for mixed-model automobile assembly lines.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automobile assembly lines,Dispatching,Genetic algorithm,Hybrid-load
Innovation of Humanized Thinking in College Students’ Management	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.With the continuous reform and innovation of higher education in China, how to improve the teaching quality and teaching level of colleges and universities has become an urgent problem for colleges and universities. As one of the important systems in a school, the teaching management system is an important foundation and guarantee for improving the teaching quality and teaching level of colleges and universities. Therefore, the reform and innovation of the teaching management system of colleges and universities is the key work that should be carried out in the current development of colleges and universities.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Humanized thinking,Innovation,Students’ management
Physec in cellular networks: Enhancing security in the iiot	2019	European Conference on Information Warfare and Security, ECCWS	2019, Curran Associates Inc. All rights reserved.There is currently a jolt through the industrial landscape, based on the actual developments in the field of Cyber-Physical Production Systems (CPPS) and the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). New application scenarios within these Factories of the Future, such as Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Machine-to-Service (M2S) communication burst the traditional communication links within Industrial Automation and Control Systems (IACS). There is an interconnection of assembly lines, robot motion control systems, Automated Guided Vehicles (AVG) as well as a multitude of sensors and actuators. The key enablers of this development are at first the mobility and flexibility of the components due to the use of wireless connections, and secondly, the possibility of actively influencing the network management with Software Defined Network (SDN) approaches. Nevertheless, the use of this wireless communication solutions are accompanied by great risks, new attack vectors, and cyber security threats. The open nature and the broadcast characteristic suffer a huge potential for miscellaneous cyberattacks. Not only because of that, but there is a fundamental need for sound and secure authentication of participating entities and reliable encryption of transmitted data. However, traditional cryptographic applications come along with a lot of overhead in the form of complex computations and communication. Besides that, the new system often no longer have any interface to enter conventional credentials. In order to face these requirements, new methods have to be developed, which meet the demands of the industry such as low latency, low cost and, reliable communication. Within this work, Physical Layer Security (PhySec) approaches are used to derive and establish shared secret keys between participating entities. This Secret Key Generation (SKG) is based on characteristics of the wireless channel. It is shown that a transfer of the principle into Next Generation Mobile Networks (NGMN) such as Long Term Evolution Advanced (LTE+) or the upcoming Fifth Generation (5G) also perform as well. This approach is an easy to use, low cost, resource saving and efficient method to enable confidence and trust into IIoT systems. And this with already existing hardware.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	Industrial internet of things,Next generation mobile networks,Physical layer security,Secret key generation
Evaluation of ipt systems application using simulation	2019	Acta Logistica	Acta Logistica.In this paper a comparison is presented for different battery charging concepts of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems using simulation models. In the focus of our investigation was, what kind of benefits can Inductive Power Transfer (IPT) for an AGV-based material handling system have, which is increasingly applied today. The proper application of IPT systems lets the reduction of the necessary number of AGVs and balances their utilization level.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	0	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Inductive Power Transfer,Simul8,Simulation
Cellular transport systems improved: Achieving efficient operations with answer set programming	2019	Studies in Computational Intelligence	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.Autonomous vehicles for in-plant transportation are widely accepted in the industry nowadays. If applied in order picking, efficiency of their operations is essential for the performance of the overall system. Even though the developed systems are tailored to work in highly volatile environments their procedures are programmed in a comparably old-fashioned and inflexible manner. Answer set programming is experiencing a revival due to advances in the development of solving algorithms and computer hardware. This paper is an invited, extended version of Schieweck et al. (Proceedings of the 9th international joint conference on computational intelligence, 2007, [1]), in which several approaches for the application of answer set programming in order picking systems with autonomous vehicles are discussed. In this paper, the provided information on the approachesis extended, the discussion expanded and the paradigm of reactive answer set programming is additionally taken into account.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence	Answer set programming,Hybrid systems,Multi-agent systems,Reactive ASP
Landmark Assisted Stereo Visual Odometry	2019	International Conference on Transportation and Development 2019: Innovation and Sustainability in Smart Mobility and Smart Cities - Selected Papers from the International Conference on Transportation and Development 2019	2019 American Society of Civil Engineers.In this paper, we consider the positioning technology to facilitate the system services for automatic guided vehicle. Typically, quick response (QR) code is a feasible solution with high accuracy. However, the position information of QR code is discrete and sparse, which leads to uncertainty in position interpolation. To solve this problem, we proposed a positioning system of feature-based stereo visual odometry (VO) by combining some discrete and sparse absolute positioning information. In the proposed system, we adopt stereo cameras to obtain the depth of feature points directly and then apply an algorithm with two parallel threads of tracking and mapping. The mapping thread deals with not only information sent by tracking thread but also those sent by QR code. This proposed system has been tested and verified on our automatic guided vehicle. The measured and computational results suggest that the proposed system has acceptable robustness and relatively high accuracy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Geography, Planning and Development,Transportation,Mechanics of Materials,Civil and Structural Engineering	None
Design of a modular solution for an autonomous vehicle for cargo transport and handling	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)Due to the globalization of markets, the industrial competitiveness has increased significantly in the recent years. Within this scope, the transportation of products inside industrial parks acquires special relevancy. One of the solutions is the use of autonomous guided vehicles. This work presents the design of a modular autonomous vehicle, capable of carrying heavy loads, which will improve the performance of industrial parks. This is a compact vehicle with low associated costs and good transport speeds. A drive system was designed, which will be capable of transporting the proposed loads. This design was carried out using simulations of the transport with loads, either in plane ground or in an industrial park. A structural analysis to the vehicle was also undertaken by the Finite Element Method, showing the points of the structure that require reinforcement for the different load cases. Finally, the required corrections were implemented, giving to the structure the ability to carry the desired loads. The end result was an autonomous vehicle with capacity to safely transport the imposed loads in the most efficient possible manner.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous vehicles,Drive systems,Finite Element Method,Mechanical project,Structural design
Performance evaluation of automated guided vehicles: Use case of using omnet++ in a master’s thesis	2019	EPiC Series in Computing	2019, EasyChair. All rights reserved.OMNeT++ as a discrete event simulator is widely used in combination with the INET framework to simulate communication networks. For students, the limited time frame designated for their master’s thesis is usually a challenge. In particular, because not only an implementation but a scientific contribution is expected as well. Within this paper we present an approach on how OMNeT++ can be used to solve the research question given in the context of a thesis. The exemplary application scenario under consideration here is based on Automated guided vehicles (AGV) which use a WLAN network to exchange information about new obstacles and their localization as such with a central server. As the performance indicators of communication networks are not yet considered while planning such setups, the effect of the network on the operation of the AGVs has to be evaluated. Especially in scenarios with a large number of AGVs the scalability of the WLAN is of interest. We show how the simulation model is parametrized based on a field analysis. With the aid of the experimental data, the different types of traffic are distinguished and modelled according to probability distributions. Based on the scenario under consideration and the envisioned large scale setups, a simulation model is implemented. In the evaluation we present exemplary results. We conclude with an explanation of the grading scheme of master’s theses to highlight how the scientific approach presented is taken into account here.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Science (all)	None
Sustainable implementation success factors of AGVs in the Brazilian industry supply chain management	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.The management of the supply chain (SC) is crucial for industrial performance. Any shortage of raw materials, intermediate items or finished products for customers leads to bottlenecks in production processes, hampering market competitiveness. Recently, several aspects, such as the spread of automation and the continuous search for cost reduction, as well as increasing labor costs, have led to the use of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in SCs. AGVs provide efficiency gains, increase worker safety and minimize energy costs. In addition, they strengthen the sustainability tripod based on the economic, social and environmental dimensions. However, most SCs in the Brazilian industry are still inefficient in these dimensions. Currently, forklifts are heavily used in warehousing operations, resulting in idle employees when there is a production shortfall and pollution produced by their engines. Thus, in this context, there is a growing demand for research on the application of AGVs in Brazilian companies. This paper presents the main implementation success factors (ISFs) of AGVs based on a systemic review of the literature and proposes a framework to explore, in future stages, the interrelationships between sustainable implementation success factors (ISFs) of AGVs in the Brazilian context through structural equation modeling (SEM).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV),Cobots implementation,Collaborative Robots,Supply chain
Development of small automatic guided vehicle by contact detection to hydroponics cultivation system	2019	Japan Agricultural Research Quarterly	2019, Japan International Research Center for Agricultural Sciences.A small autonomous vehicle is required for automatic spraying, carrying, harvesting etc in greenhouse production areas and small open vegetable fields. This study uses simple structural guidance using horticultural cultivating materials to develop an automatic guided vehicle. The developed vehicle has four wheels: two front steering wheels and two rear driven wheels. The vehicle has a detection unit, a steering unit and a control unit. The detection unit has two extension rollers and a potentiometer, whose function is to detect the distance from the vehicle to the guided material. The control method is used for adjusting the ON/OFF control of the front wheel steer by detecting the distance between the object material and the vehicle. The driving tests were conducted on a plastic film covered soil surface of a greenhouse isle, the concrete surface of a greenhouse central road, and in the open field. The results of the straight driving control displayed absolute maximum errors of 35 mm, 23 mm, and 29 mm on the covered soil path, concrete path, and in the open field, respectively. The test results proved that the straight driving control of the developed system was sufficiently accurate to be used for spraying and carrying operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Biotechnology,Ecology,Animal Science and Zoology,Agronomy and Crop Science	Greenhouse,Horticulture,Orchard,Tomato,Vegetable
Reducing mean tardiness in a flexible job shop containing AGVs with optimized combinations of sequencing and routing rules	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.The complexity of flexible job shop problems increases significantly when using autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) for material handling. In this study, priority rules - commonly known for their simplicity and small computation time - for sequencing operations, routing jobs and dispatching vehicles are applied. Based on a discrete event simulation study with stochastic inter-arrival times, an artificial neural network is trained to learn interaction effects between the combination of different rules for sequencing, dispatching, routing, and the resulting system performance. Based on the trained network the combination of rules is optimized, reducing the mean tardiness of the jobs under varying system performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVs,Job shop,Neural network,Regression
A study on highly-distributed manufacturing system simulation	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.Recent development of computer network technologies is achieving highly-distributed manufacturing systems (HDMSs), where each facility is computerized and manages itself autonomously by communicating with other facilities. A distributed method of discrete-event simulation (DES) for HDMSs has been discussed, and a simple algorithm for sequencing events in the order of their occurrence times by communication among facilities has been developed. This paper describes methods for dealing with transfer of objects within this framework of DDES. In DES of manufacturing system, many events are generated, the occurrence time of which cannot be determined until an object concerned reaches the facility by which the object is processed. The sequencing algorithm was improved so that such uncertain events can be dealt with. Transportation using automated guided vehicles (AGVs) was also considered, and a basic concept for simulation of transportation by AGV in the distributed framework was given. Fundamental feasibility of this DDES was proven by an example.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,Distributed discrete event simulation,Manufacturing simulation,Transportation
Ship traffic optimization for the kiel canal	2019	Operations Research	2019 INFORMS.We introduce a hard practical optimization problem, the ship traffic control problem (STCP). We study it at the Kiel Canal, which is the most frequented artificial waterway in the world. The canal is operated bidirectionally, but large ships can pass each other only in sidings. Decisions must be made about who is waiting for whom, where, and for how long, subject to a multitude of operational constraints. The objective is to minimize the total waiting times of all ships. This problem generalizes train scheduling on a single-track network. We integrate algorithmic ideas from collision-free routing of automated guided vehicles. This leads to a unified view of scheduling and dynamic routing that may serve as a prototype for scheduling bidirectional traffic with passing conflicts. We implement a traffic control tool that uses our combinatorial algorithms and perform a computational study on traffic data from the Kiel Canal. Our tool produces schedules that significantly improve over manual planning and were approved by expert planners. As traffic volume and vessel sizes are projected to significantly increase, the canal is planned to be enlarged in a huge project. Our tool was used to select from a variety of enlargement options. The enormous level of detail in our model ensured that the chosen construction scenario actually constitutes a remedy to the impending inoperability of the canal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Conflict-free routing,Dynamic routing,Job-shop scheduling,Local search,Rolling horizon
Coordinated optimization of equipment operations in a container terminal	2019	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	2019, The Author(s).Increasing international maritime transport drives the need for efficient container terminals. The speed at which containers can be processed through a terminal is an important performance indicator. In particular, the productivity of the quay cranes (QCs) determines the performance of a container terminal; hence QC scheduling has received considerable attention. This article develops a comprehensive model to represent the waterside operations of a container terminal. Waterside operations comprise single and twinlift handling of containers by QCs, automated guided vehicles and yard cranes. In common practice, an uncoordinated scheduling heuristic is used to dispatch the equipment operating on a terminal. Here, uncoordinated means that the different machines that operate in the container terminal seek optimal productivity solely considering their own respective stage. By contrast, our model provides a coordinated schedule in which operations of all terminal equipment can be considered at once to achieve productivity closer to the QC optimal. The model takes the form of a hybrid flow shop (HFS) with novel features for bi-directional flows and job pairing. The former enables jobs to move freely through the HFS in both directions; the latter constrains certain jobs to be performed simultaneously by a single machine. We solve the coordinated model by means of a tailored simulated annealing (SA) algorithm that balances solution quality and computational time. We empirically study time-bounded variants of SA and compare them with a branch-and-bound algorithm. We show that our approach can produce coordinated schedules for a terminal with up to eight QCs in near real time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	1	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Hybrid flow shop,Port operations,Scheduling,Simulated annealing
A Dynamic Scheduling Method for Logistics Tasks Oriented to Intelligent Manufacturing Workshop	2019	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2019 Wenxiang Xu et al.Aiming at the logistics dynamic scheduling problem in an intelligent manufacturing workshop (IMW), an intelligent logistics scheduling model and response method with Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) based on the mode of "request-scheduling-response" were proposed, and they were integrated with Internet of Things (IoT) to meet the demands of dynamic and real time. Correspondingly, a mathematical model was developed and integrated with a double-level hybrid genetic algorithm and ant colony optimization (DLH-GA-ACO) to minimize the finish time with the minimum AGVs and limited time. The mathematical model optimized the logistics scheduling process on two dimensions which include the sequence of tasks assigned to an AGV and the matching relation between transfer tasks and AGVs (AGV-task). The effectiveness of the model was verified by a set of experiments, and comparison among DLH-GA-ACO, hybrid genetic algorithm and particle swarm optimization (H-GA-PSO), and tabu search algorithm (TSA) was performed. In the experiments, the DLH-GA-ACO ran in a distributed environment for a faster computing speed. According to the comparisons, the superiority and effectiveness of DLH-GA-ACO on dynamic simultaneous scheduling problem were proved and the intelligent logistics scheduling model was also proved to be an effective model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Designing of logistics systems with using of computer simulation and emulation	2019	Transportation Research Procedia	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Designing of logistics systems with using computer simulation and emulation is the main part of effective optimization of manufacturing and warehousing in the company. Latest developments in software tools lead to research in use of computer simulation and emulation, before, during and after logistics system designing. The aim of our research is to describe the logistics system designing by using of computer simulation and emulation with connecting on real parts of logistic system. Through this connection, we can propose a material flow which could improve the speed and accuracy of picking of orders in warehouse or supplies of material to manufacturing. Solution described in this article has many practical applications in company’s operation. Future work will explore the possibility of connecting between computer simulation, emulation and Digital Twin.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Transportation	Computer simulation,Designing,Emulation,Logistics
Evolution of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in the logistics 4.0 landscape: A classification framework and empirical insights	2019	Proceedings of the Summer School Francesco Turco	2019, AIDI - Italian Association of Industrial Operations Professors. All rights reserved.The increasing demand for highly customised products and short delivery lead times is requiring production and logistics systems to become more flexible and reactive to customers’ requests. In this landscape, the so-called fourth industrial revolution is fostering the development of new technologies which may help companies deal with the evolved customers’ needs at reasonable costs. While this phenomenon has been widely addressed in the scientific literature with reference to manufacturing systems, only few and very recent contributions are dealing with the Logistics 4.0 paradigm, and specifically focusing on material handling systems. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the evolution of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) in the Logistics 4.0 landscape. The research was structured into two main steps. First, a thorough review of the literature on AGVs led to the identification of their key characteristics. A classification framework for AGV solutions was developed, based on three dimensions: Navigation path, Communication, and Decision. In the second step, five European material handling technology providers were interviewed in order to validate the classification framework and gain insights on the AGV solutions available on the market. Results showed that AGVs are turning into highly flexible autonomous vehicles through the development of open navigation paths, Machine-to-Machine (M2M) communication and decentralised decision-making capabilities.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Business and International Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Waste Management and Disposal	AGV,Autonomous vehicles,Classification framework,Empirical analysis,Logistics 4.0
Compensating Signal Loss in RFID-Based Localization Systems	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Reliable real-time motion tracking is a crucial element for the proper function of autonomous robotic systems. Unstable environments, for instance such that demonstrate varying light conditions and moving shadows, cause problems for many of the commonly used vision-based position feedback systems. To eliminate the dependency on light, positioning systems based on Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) can be used and are gaining both academic and commercial attention. RFID-based positioning systems can rely on signal strength indicators to calculate the relative distance between RFID tags and the reader. However, they may entail drawbacks due to noise or signal loss caused by unavoidable sources of disturbance. This paper proposes a filter for the preprocessing before the calculation of the position to overcome the problem of blind spots. The paper describes an RFID-based positioning system for an experimental pipe-less plant. The position of each Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) in the setup is calculated based on a trilateration algorithm using Received Signal Strength Indicators (RSSI). Ambiguous RSSI values that correspond to multiple possible distances between the reader and a tag are reinterpreted based on the probable location in the overall grid of RFID tags. The proposed filter improves the positioning precision from an average error of about 45 millimeters down to less than 25 millimeters by eliminating invalid data points.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Indoor robotic systems,Mutual inductance,Positioning systems,Radio Frequency Identification,Real-time motion tracking,Received Signal Strength Indicator
Optimized Multiagent Routing for a Class of Guidepath-Based Transport Systems	2019	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2018 IEEE.This paper presents a heuristic algorithm for minimizing the makespan required to route a set of agents inhabiting a shared guidepath network from their initial locations to their respective destinations while observing a set of regulations that seek to ensure the safety and the integrity of the generated traffic. From an application standpoint, the presented developments are motivated by the traffic coordination challenges that arise in the context of many automated unit-load material handling systems and also in the transport of the ionized atoms that takes place in the context of quantum computing. From a methodological standpoint, our developments constitute a customization of the general 'local-search' framework of combinatorial optimization theory to the traffic management problem that is considered in this paper. Hence, the presented results include a rigorous characterization of the considered problem and its solution space, detailed algorithms for the construction of the necessary initial solutions and the improving step for the pursued search, a complexity analysis of these algorithms, and a set of computational experiments that reveal and assess the computational efficiency of the presented algorithms and the efficacy of the derived solutions. The paper concludes with some suggestions for potential extensions of the presented results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Combinatorial scheduling,conflict management,congestion control,guidepath-based transport systems,multiagent routing,multirobot path planning
Transient thermal characteristic analysis and charging state estimation of lithium batteries for automated guided vehicle during discharge	2019	Thermal Science	2019 Society of Thermal Engineers of Serbia.The lithium batteries and their health management for automated guided vehicle power supply system are studied in depth in this paper. First, the transient heat generation for the discharge process of a lithium battery will cause it to work in an unhealthy state and non-linear conditions, seriously affecting the life expectancy. The thermal behavior for lithium battery discharge is studied in depth, and a reliable thermal model is constructed to provide a theoretical basis for designing a lithium battery health management system. Secondly, the accurate and reliable residual state estimation of the lithium battery cannot only provide visualized battery residual capacity, but also reflect the aging status of the lithium battery and other related information, and is one of the important functions to ensure the healthy operation of the lithium battery pack. A new support vector machine is proposed on account of the analysis of the equivalent circuit model of lithium battery, which combines genetic algorithm with particle swarm optimization to enhance the parameters of hybrid kernel function, to analyze accurately the charging status. Finally, the state-of-charge simulation of lithium batteries with variable current discharge is conducted, which proves that the support vector machine algorithm proposed in this paper can accurately judge the charging state of lithium batteries.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment	Automatic guided transport vehicle,Charging state,Lithium ion battery,Support vector machine,Transient thermal characteristics
An intralogistics-oriented Cyber-Physical System for workshop in the context of Industry 4.0	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. Peer-review under responsibility of the organizing committee of SMPM.The internal logistics in the shop-floor is extremely sophisticated for the variability and complexity of products in Industry 4.0 environment. Cyber-Physical System (CPS) which combines computer science, information and communication technologies is a critical solution to achieve Industry 4.0. To tackle with personalized production, high flexibility and rapid reconfiguration capabilities of internal logistics are required in shop-floor. Intralogistics-oriented CPS is discussed in this paper and the framework of models in cyber space for the equipment under the environment are presented. Through the utilization of wireless sensors and controllers, a remote management platform is implemented. Equipment interconnection, logistics scheduling and remote operation are realized by portable terminals via Internet. The effectiveness of the proposed solution is verified in an actual production workshop.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	4	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Cyber-Physical System,Intralogistics,Models in cyber space,Production workshop
Networked systems and their perspectives for intralogistics Perspektiven vernetzter Systeme für die Intralogistik	2019	Logistics Journal	2019 Logistics Journal: Not Reviewed.The intralogistical material flow can be positively in-fluenced by digitalization. By networking cyber-physical systems (CPS), transport processes can be auto-mated and their efficiency increased. As part of the pro-ject “Mittelstand 4.0-Kompetenzzentrum Hannover”, an Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGV) was net-worked with the cyber-physical production system (CPPS), whose implementation is described in this paper. Finally, the benefits of networked systems for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are described based on the outcomes of the enhancement project and an outlook on possible implementations in other areas is given.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	AGV,Cps,Digitization,Intralogistics,Networked
Living with the challenges to functional safety in the industrial Internet of Things	2019	IET Conference Publications	2019 Institution of Engineering and Technology. All rights reserved.This paper addresses the challenges for the realisation of Functional Safety in the implementation of “Smart Manufacturing” (Industry 4.0, also known as the fourth industrial revolution). The use of devices connected to the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) is a fundamental part of Smart Manufacturing to help realise the benefits of digitalisation as part of the 4th Industrial Revolution. In this paper traditional approaches to achieve Functional Safety are compared with the emerging technologies that make use of IIoT. The paper includes some examples of industrial equipment used in manufacturing that are typical of the types of machinery that will make use of IIoT, for example Collaborative Robots (Cobots), Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs), and a combination of these Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs). As well as discussing the challenges the paper highlights the potential economic benefits of having the factories of the future connected to the Industrial Internet of Things.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cobot,Functional safety,Industry 4.0,Smart manufacturing
Prototyping and Programming a Multipurpose Educational Mobile Robot - NaSSIE	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.NaSSIE - Navigation and Sensoring Skills in Engineering is a platform developed with the intent of facilitating the acquisition of some skills by Engineering Students, which is a core part of the process of controlling a mobile robot. In this paper, the chosen hardware and consequent physical construction of the prototype as well as vehicle’s associated software will be presented. As a use case, this platform was tested during the Robotic Day 2017 in Czech Republic. Preliminary results will also be presented of this year’s preparation for the Micromouse competition.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Educational robots,Mobile Robotics,Navigation,Programming,Robotic competitions,Sensoring
Validation of a physics engine for the simulation of material flows in cyber-physical production systems	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.In cyber-physical production systems, physical material flows show complexity due to varying physical aspects of transported work pieces and varying routes. As a result, physically induced disturbances that may lead to delays or damages are hard to predict. The usage of a physics engine offers potential to prevent these disturbances by simulating the physical behavior of material flows prior to their execution. Therefore, the ability of a physics engine to simulate the described disturbances is validated in this paper. For this purpose, the simulation results are compared with an analytical model. Additionally, a practical use case is provided that demonstrates the application of the simulation model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Control,Manufacturing system,Simulation
Adaptive Autotuning Mathematical Approaches for Integrated Optimization of Automated Container Terminal	2019	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2019 Meisu Zhong et al.With the development of automated container terminals (ACTs), reducing the loading and unloading time of operation and improving the working efficiency and service level have become the key point. Taking into account the actual operation mode of loading and unloading in ACTs, a mixed integer programming model is adopted in this study to minimize the loading and unloading time of ships, which can optimize the integrated scheduling of the gantry cranes (QCs), automated guided vehicles (AGVs), and automated rail-mounted gantries (ARMGs) in automated terminals. Various basic metaheuristic and improved hybrid algorithms were developed to optimize the model, proving the effectiveness of the model to obtain an optimized scheduling scheme by numerical experiments and comparing the different performances of algorithms. The results show that the hybrid GA-PSO algorithm with adaptive autotuning approaches by fuzzy control is superior to other algorithms in terms of solution time and quality, which can effectively solve the problem of integrated scheduling of automated container terminals to improve efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
An Improved VIRE Approach for Indoor Positioning Based on RSSI	2019	Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering, LNICST	2019, ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering.Nowadays, RFID positioning has become the preferred technology in indoor positioning because of its strong anti-interference ability, short recognition time, large amount of storage data and low cost. In this paper, based on RFID technology, a method of virtual tag is proposed to further optimize the adjacent area, the positioning accuracy is further improved without increasing extra cost and signal interference which has more superior performance and a higher practical value, so as to achieve the purpose of optimization.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications	Adaptive threshold,Indoor positioning,Radio frequency identification,Virtual tag
Thermal efficiency enhancement using a ceramic coating on the cylinder liner and the piston head of the IC engine	2019	International Journal of Ambient Energy	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In general, only 40% of the power produced in the engine is converted into useful work other than that 30% of heat escape through exhaust and 30% of heat is which cannot be converted into useful work is removed as waste heat with the help of the cooling system. To convert this waste heat into useful work, the cylinder liners and piston head are coated with ceramic coating. This will lead to a reduction in heat transfer through the engine, involving an increased efficiency. The higher gas temperature should reduce the concentration of incomplete combustion products at the expense of an increase in nitrogen oxides (NOx). However, a decrease in carbon monoxide (CO) and unburned hydrocarbons (HC) is observed. Here we are going to analyse the uncoated cylinder with coated one using ANSYS and in the experimental method using a thermal image camera. The result depicted that the ceramic coated cylinder is more efficient than the uncoated one.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Building and Construction	ceramic coating,cylinder liner,piston head,thermal imaging camera,Zirconium oxide
AGV systems - Autonomous vehicles in metallurgy	2019	METAL 2019 - 28th International Conference on Metallurgy and Materials, Conference Proceedings	2019 TANGER Ltd., Ostrava.Target of this contribution is description of implementation and using autonomous vehicles (AGV) in metallurgy plants. Currently is trend doing focus on automatization of production processes due to degreasing costs and due to missing workers as well. To the total production process we can include logistics like important part it means transport of materials or semi-finished product from point A to point B for example between minority production processes. Currently AGV systems are expanding to the others production plants but it has to be calculated that technology of AGV system need to be adapted a modified according using and according environment where will be AGV system implemented. Contend of this contribution is especially description of technical specification AGV system to heavy industry with focus on metallurgy processes. Technical description will focus for using sensor equipment which is part of autonomous control and it serves like picker of data and information system about vicinity in real time. In this contribution will clarify specification of drive which will be atypical for the metallurgy industry. In article will be mentioned question of safety in cases approaching people to AVG system direct touch or even problem with collision with physical objectives, which is placed in area permanently or temporary.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Surfaces, Coatings and Films,Mechanics of Materials,Metals and Alloys	AGV,Autonomous,Metallurgy,Process,Systems
Research on AGV positioning and path planning technology based on ultra wideband	2019	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the abstract is permitted for personal use only.Since the traditional guidance technology of the AGV (Automatic Guidance Vehicle) has high environmental requirements and insufficient guidance flexibility, an positioning and guidance system of the AGV is proposed based on an UWB (Ultra WideBand) indoor positioning technology. Firstly, a time-based bidirectional ranging method is combined with a multi-base station positioning algorithm to locate the AGV. Secondly, the error generated by the positioning result is compensated to obtain the most accurate AGV actual coordinates. Thirdly the path of the AGV in the actual environment is programmed by using the weighted A∗ algorithm under different road conditions. The experimental result shows that the AGV with UWB indoor positioning technology has advantages of a high guiding flexibility, simple to use, good safety, stability, and high practical value.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Indoor positioning,Path planning,UWB
Material and mass transport using rubber tired Virtu Rail® trains	2019	World of Mining - Surface and Underground	2019 GDMB Gesellschaft fur Bergbau Metallurgie Rohstoff- und Umwelttechnik e.V. All rights reserved.Traditionally, conveyor belts, conventional trains and trucks are the major methods for transport of supply and bulk materials in mining. All these transport systems have their particular advantages and disadvantages and the choice of the transport system has a major impact on the overall cost of a mining operation. While trucks are flexible and able to run on steep graded inclines and declines, trains and conveyor belts are lacking of this capability to different degree. On the other hand, conveyors provide a means of large capacity continuous transport however on very static routes. Trains are able to transport large amounts of material from a limited number of loading points to a limited number of unloading points, whereas the limitation depends on the rail network infrastructure. Also the physics of steel wheel-rail contact limits the use of trains on steel rails to low grades compared to standard rubber tired vehicles. In addition, train traffic mostly needs a separate driveway, which does not allow the simultaneous use of standard vehicles on a flat surface. This often requires an interrupted transport with changing the load from truck to train. Also conveyor belts especially in underground installations limit the tunnel profile available for vehicles and mining machines to pass. Therefore, in many underground installations, separate tunnels are excavated for conveyor belt transport or even dedicated transport levels are needed for train transport. In commercial tunneling the situation is similar when it comes to the supply of materials like pre-cast concrete elements, shotcrete or other materials to a Tunnel Boring Machine: The traditional rail bound transport is limited to low grade inclines and declines and the transport by trucks or special "Multi Service Vehicles". These vehicles are running in "dead end" applications, where turning the vehicle at it's destination is impossible. Thus, the vehicle has to be equipped with two driver cabins at either end. The vehicle length is limited due to the impossibility to steer the combination of multiple connected vehicles around narrow curves. Certain fully mechanical designs to soMa these limitations have shown that these designs always are limiting the length of the "train". This is the reason why these vehicles are built as vehicles with very high load per vehicle causing special vehicle designs with respectively high cost. Certain fully mechanical designs to solve these limitations have shown that these designs always are limiting the length of the "train". Therefore, an ideal solution for cost effective and flexible transport of heterogeneous materials is a train on rubber wheels consisting of multiple cars which keep running on a single track. The solution presented here is using the VirtuRail® system for safe and automatically guided vehicle control which is successfully in operation since 2016 at the Ahrental construction site of the Brenner Base Tunnel in Austria operated by the joint venture of STRABAG/Salini Impregilo.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Strategy and Management	None
Data collection for ergonomic evaluation at logistics workplaces using sensor system	2019	Transportation Research Procedia	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.The rapid technological development of the society is aimed at the gradual replacement of the human work force by machines. However, man with his thinking is still the most flexible, and at the same time, the most vulnerable entity in every production system. Introducing the ideas of Industry 4.0, it is necessary to understand how human activities are transformed and how we can use technology to ensure physical and mental health protection for workers in time with increasing demands on quality and speed of production. This article deals with the intelligent collection of data in the field of ergonomics, which are needed to assess the mental and physical load on workers, and brings forward possible solutions in the form of sensor systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Transportation	Data collection,Ergonomic evaluation,Heart rate,Wireless sensor system
Research on multi-load AGV path planning of weaving workshop based on time priority	2019	Mathematical Biosciences and Engineering	2019 the Author(s).The multi-load AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle) is a new kind of materials handling equipment used to load cloth automatically in an intelligent weaving workshop. It can transport multiple rolls of cloth and choose the correct, most effective path to improve the transportation efficiency without people engaged in. This paper creates a feasible path topology according to the layout of the workshop and the logistics environment, and uses the Warshall-Floyd algorithm to search for the optimal route between two arbitrary points. The aim of the path planning is to maximize the machine efficiency, which is constrained by environmental limits, load limits and work limits. This paper establishes the mathematical model of the path planning problem using the mixed genetic particle swarm optimization algorithm (GA-PSO) to solve the problem, and the particle iteration mechanism based on the time priority is proposed to make the evolution more directional and accelerate the convergence speed of the algorithm. The effectiveness and practicability of the model and methods are verified by simulation and benefit analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Modeling and Simulation,Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Computational Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	GA-PSO algorithm,Intelligent weaving workshop,Multi-load AGV,Path planning,Time priority
GaN-based electrified mobility for sustainable society	2019	CS MANTECH 2019 - 2019 International Conference on Compound Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Digest of Papers	2019 CS Mantech. All rights reserved.A novel concept mobility driven with GaN-based electronics which is called All GaN Vehicle (AGV) has been being developed. AGV is a future electrified mobility designed for the sustainable society. GaN-based electronics such as a driving inverter, a DC-DC converter, an on-board charger, etc. have prototyped and demonstrated great performance on their power consumption. With respect to GaN driving inverter, more than 70% of the inverter loss reduction is achieved in comparison with an IGBT inverter. Applying low loss characteristics of the GaN inverter at higher carrier frequencies, a total loss of the inverter and a motor is further improved. GaN-based electronics can contribute to the reduction of power consumption and CO2 emissions of future mobilities to realize the sustainable society.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automotive application,GaN inverter,Lateral GaN device,Motor control
Virtual power plant architecture using OpenADR 2.0b for dynamic charging of automated guided vehicles	2019	International Journal of Electrical Power and Energy Systems	2018 Elsevier LtdThis paper investigates a virtual power plant (VPP) using the OpenADR 2.0b communication protocol to securely and reliably operate distributed energy resources (DERs) over public Internet infrastructure, providing ancillary services to the transmission system operator (TSO). VPP performance analysis was based on an experimental setup as well as a dynamic behavioural model and numerical simulations. The experimental setup consisted of battery stacks from automated guided vehicles at a harbour container terminal. Within this experimental study, we analysed data exchange utilising the OpenADR protocol over a four-week period between the VPP in Slovenia and the terminal management system in Germany by assessing the selected quality of service parameters – latency (round-trip time), packet loss, retransmissions, bandwidth, amount of traffic and message patterns. The impact of latency on performance of the VPP aggregating battery stacks with other DER types was investigated using numerical simulations. Load profiles for the selected DERs and communication channel models were derived from field measurements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovenia	9	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ancillary services,Behavioural model,Communication protocols,Communication systems,Distributed energy resources,Smart grid,Virtual power plant
Remote discrete-time model reference adaptive control of a two-wheeled mobile robot	2019	International Journal of Mechanical and Production Engineering Research and Development	TJPRC Pvt. Ltd.This paper demonstrates a remote discrete model reference adaptive control for a two-wheeled mobile robot where actuators, sensors and controller are distributed and interconnected by a wireless communication. Since a typical feature of wireless communication, a piecewise constant input, discrete-time controller and model of mobile robot are adopted to analyze the stability and the performance based on Lyapunov stability theory. The proposed controller accommodates the effect of uncertainties and mismatching modeling, time delay of the control plant by discrete-type adaptation laws. A prototype of mobile robot is utilized for controlling by the computer-based proposed controller through Lora wireless communication. Some experimental results are given to verify the control performance of the proposed controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Discrete Time,Mobile Robot,Model Reference Adaptive Control,Remote Control
An integrated model of cell formation and scheduling problem in a cellular manufacturing system considering automated guided vehicles' movements	2019	International Journal of Operational Research	2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.In this paper, an integrated mathematical model for cellular manufacturing system (CMS) incorporating cell formation problem (CFP) and intra-cell scheduling is considered. It is assumed that in order to make the flexibility in handling system, automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are responsible for transferring the exceptional parts from one cell to another cell. Employing the AGVs in CMS can be challenging from mathematical model's point of view. In other words, despite the common constraints in CFP and intra-cell scheduling, several constraints such as AGVs' movement, preventing the AGVs' collision as well as parts' pickup/delivery by AGVs must be taken to account. There is no comprehensive model including the role of AGVs in a CMS. Hence, we endeavour to formulate CFP, scheduling and role of AGVs at the same time. The objective function is to minimise the sum of the maximum completion time (makespan) and inter-cellular movements of parts. The proposed nonlinear model is transformed to a linear form in order to solve it for optimality. Eventually, two small-size computational experiments are generated and ran on the GAMS.9 commercial software to show the efficiency and accuracy of the proposed model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	3	Management Science and Operations Research	Cell formation problem,Cellular manufacturing system,CFP,CMS,Inter-cellular AGV,Intra-cell scheduling
SURF–MSER Based 3D Mapping Using RGB-D Camera on Automated Vehicle	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.3D map generation of unknown environment is one of the challenging tasks in the field of localization and mapping. Navigation of automated vehicles in unstructured environment faces such problem. This paper presents 3D map generation with use of RGB-D camera placed on rotating platform mounted on vehicle. This arrangement enables 360 ∘ field of view for successive capturing of frames. SURF–MSER algorithm is proposed in this paper for feature detection and matching between the frames. The RANSAC and RANSAC-ICP algorithms are further implemented for estimation of transformation matrix between frames for point cloud generation. Loop closure detection is then performed with K-dimensional tree to establish complete 360 ∘ scene of environment. The developed 3D map of environment is globally optimized with the use of sparse bundle adjustment algorithm. Results obtained for two different laboratory setups have been shown which demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Automated vehicle,Mapping,MSER,RGB-D,SURF,Vision
Research on correction method in AGV motion using inertial guidance and QR code	2019	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the abstract is permitted for personal use only.Both the deviation position and the heading deviation of the AGV are generated by its deviation from the ideal guiding trajectory during the working process. in this paper, the method of inertial guidance and QR code are applied to correct this deviation of AGV. The position deviation and heading deviation are pretreated by performing Butterworth filtering and attitude calculation on the output of the inertial device. AGV accurately locates the four corners of QR code in the field of view and corrects the output of inertial devices to realize motion correction. The experimental results show that the posture deviation can be effectively eliminated before reaching to the next QR code positioning module. The positioning accuracy is less than 0.5 mm at a speed of 0.6 m/s.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Correcting deviation,Inertial guidance,QR code,Visual processing
Position at response: A novel highly accurate and low cost laser positioning system	2019	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	2019, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.Global Positioning Systems (GPS) are widely used in many navigational applications such as vehicles, aircraft, and ships to find their speed and position. However, the main drawback of GPS is reliability, especially in an urban environment. Tall buildings reflect the signal and can make the receiver’s location appear 10 m or more from its actual position. This paper details a low-cost system designed to overcome this accuracy problem. The proposed system, termed as Position at Response (PaR), utilizes a laser and a network of transponders to locate the vehicle position more accurately than a GPS. The system can work for an indoor application as well. It is easily adaptable to new routes, paths, or destinations. Our preliminary test results show an accuracy within three percent, relative to the distance of the transponders.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,Laser navigation,Local positioning system,Positioning,Transponder localization,Triangulation
Mechatronic system using a straight-line motion mechanism for AGV application	2019	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	2019, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.This paper describes the design of an exact straight line motion mechanism, commonly known as a Scott-Russell mechanism (SRM), for industrial application. It is applied in an internal materials movement system using autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) for supporting logistics processes along the supply chain, aiming to replace the current manual operations. The proposed mechanism, analyzed regarding its kinetic and kinematic aspects using SolidWorks Motion, allows the system to discard electric current during motion and to be actuated when docked in the reception station using a linear solenoid. Additionally, the proposed mechanism can be attached below each trolley level’s base, occupying minimal space and avoiding interference with larger Returnable Packages handling motions. Furthermore, it can be used in similar applications where a small-occupied volume mechanism is necessary and primarily, where a straight-line motion is required using a passive actuator to perform one of the motions. The mechanical and electrical application requirements are identified along with the modelling phases of the mechanism. The electrical diagram is defined and a compression spring and a linear solenoid were selected using kinematic and kinetic simulation with CAD/CAE software Solidworks.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Kinematics,Mechanism,Mechatronics,Trolley
Path planning and space occupation for remote maintenance operations of transportation in DEMO	2019	Fusion Engineering and Design	2018 Elsevier B.V.The ex-vessel Remote Maintenance Systems are responsible for the replacement and transportation of the plasma facing components. The space required to perform the ex-vessel operations of transportation, as well as the respective time duration, has a great impact in the economics of a fusion power plant. This paper provides a preliminary assessment of the volume required to perform the operations of transportation along optimized trajectories in all levels of DEMO's reactor building. The overhead systems and ground systems are considered as the possible transportation technologies. In particular to the upper level, a cask concept is compared with a hot cell concept. Computed results of occupied volumes and time duration are presented taking into account the nominal, i.e., the expected and planned operations, and the possible rescue operations.	Journal	j	ip	Article in Press	Portugal	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Nuclear Energy and Engineering,Materials Science (all),Mechanical Engineering	DEMO,Ex-vessel transportation,Remote maintenance,Trajectories and occupancy
Autonomous photonic biosensor based on guided mode resonance	2019	Optics InfoBase Conference Papers	2019 IEEEA large variety of photonic biosensors has already been demonstrated and their many advantages are well established. Photonic biosensors can detect analyte concentrations down to pg/ml concentrations and lower [1][2], but a few issues remain before they can become truly ubiquitous. Many realisations need complex readout equipment such as external spectrometers or they rely on precise light coupling arrangements which leads to bulky setups. The ideal sensor and containing device is simple, sensitive and easy to use, which are supposedly contradictory requirements. A small number of solutions to this issue have recently been introduced [3][4][5], but we believe that there is still room for improvement, both in terms of simplicity and sensitivity.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Mechanics of Materials	None
PathFinder: An autonomous mobile robot guided by Computer Vision	2019	Proceedings of the 2015 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, ICAI 2015 - WORLDCOMP 2015	2019 ICAI 2015 - WORLDCOMP 2015. All rights reserved.Localization is a key research topic in mobile robotics, responsible to assist robotic systems equipped with sensors, to navigate with certain autonomy. Unfortunately, the sensors shows frequently reading errors that disturb its location. In this paper, we describe the development of a computer vision system for autonomous navigation of a robot in a simulated environment. The system uses a unattached camera to detect the robot, concentrating the localization problem in the feature extraction of the images. Also, it uses Artificial Intelligence algorithms to determine the path in order to find the best solution. Our results show that the robot was able to follow the path and reach the goal, validating the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	1	Artificial Intelligence,Software	Artificial Intelligence,Autonomous Navigation,Computer Vision,Path Planning
Self-organizing migrating algorithm applied to discrete event simulation optimization	2019	Proceedings of the International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management	2019, IEOM Society International.The paper deals with testing and evaluation of a modified Self-Organizing Migrating Algorithm (SOMA) applied to different discrete event simulation models. These models are focused on real problems in industrial companies. The SOMA heuristic optimization method is derived from the Differential Evolution method, which is effective for different dimensional search spaces of the simulation models. We specify the ranges of each algorithm parameter and test all the possible combinations of settings of the algorithm within the specified ranges. We repeat the simulation optimization experiments to reduce the random behaviour of the algorithm. We propose a methodology using different evaluation criteria to analyse the SOMA behaviour of finding the optimum of an objective function specified for each discrete event simulation model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Discrete Event Simulation Models,Self-Organizing Migrating Algorithm,Simulation Optimization and Evaluation,SOMA
The use of computer simulation in the company that carries out the assembly of products	2019	Transportation Research Procedia	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.The paper deals with the implementation of computer simulation in the assembly company in terms of an innovative solution for new production planning, optimization of workplaces and cost-effectiveness. By computer simulation, three variants of the layout of a new assembly workplace created by the company were assessed. The computer simulation verified whether the variants of the new assembly workplace meet the specified requirements. Subsequently, a variant was selected that met the specified requirements and was recommended to the company. After the assembly workplace was realized, an experiment was carried out using the final assembly worker. During the experiment was identified the use of the final assembly worker and suggested variants with the use of the worker, which were subsequently simulated. During the experiment was identified the use of the final assembly worker and were created variants with the use of the worker, which were subsequently simulated. Based on the simulation results, a variant with a higher percentage of worker use was selected. The result of the presented solution was to make the use of wage costs per worker more efficient. The results from computer simulation allowed the company to make judgments about the possibility of investing in the purchase of simulation software or the use of parametric models created by external companies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Transportation	Simulation,Simulation model,Simulation project,Worker utilisation
Developing a high precision cotton boll counting system using active sensing	2019	2019 ASABE Annual International Meeting	2019 ASABE Annual International Meeting. All rights reserved.Different sensing technologies, such as laser scanning or stereoscopic reconstruction, were introduced for 3D imaging of plants in field conditions. Because of the limitations of imaging technologies, capturing images from an appropriate distance can provide better resolutions. Traditionally, most studies have used fixed sensors on unmanned mobile platforms, and then automatically guided the scan through the field to capture images. Since the range of unmanned mobile platforms in the field is often limited by plants, it is difficult to maintain the quality of captured images. Thus, an active sensing technique is necessary to ensure the quality of the captured images. In this study, a Kinect v2 sensor was mounted on a robotic arm with 6DOF to capture images around cotton plants. Both color and depth images were captured by Kinect. A deep learning model was used to detect cotton bolls from color images with a bounding box. Next, the detected bounding boxes were used to segment point clouds and estimate the position of the detected cotton boll. All estimated positions were then transferred to world coordinates to remove duplicates with a threshold of distance. Last, the number of cotton bolls was counted, and it was determined that the accuracy of this system can reach 95.56%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Agronomy and Crop Science,Bioengineering	Active sensing,Kinect V2,Point clouds,Robotic arm
Robotics in order picking: evaluating warehouse layouts for pick, place, and transport vehicle routing systems	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Motivated by recent technological advances in mobile robotics, this paper explores a novel approach for warehouse order picking. In particular, this work considers two types of commercially available mobile robots–one that can grasp items from a shelf (a picker) and another (a transporter) that can quickly deliver all items from the pick list to the packing station. A new vehicle routing problem is defined which seeks to minimise the time to deliver all items from a pick list to the packing station, a problem termed the pick, place, and transport vehicle routing problem. A mixed integer linear programming formulation is developed to answer three related research questions. First, what combination of picker and transport robots is required to obtain performance exceeding traditional human-based picking operations? Second, how should the composition of the robot fleet be altered to affect the greatest performance improvements? Finally, what are the impacts of warehouse layout designs when coordinated mobile robots are deployed? An extensive numerical analysis reveals that, (1) increasing the number of cross aisles decreases system performance; (2) centrally located packing stations improve system performance; and (3) the average distance from each pick location to the packing station and the average distance between pick locations are effective metrics for identifying specific fleet modifications that are likely to yield system improvements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicle,facility layout,facility planning,robot applications,vehicle routing,warehouse design,warehousing systems
A data-driven prognostic approach for the battery state-of-charge assessment with regard to machine workload	2019	Proceedings of the Summer School Francesco Turco	2019, AIDI - Italian Association of Industrial Operations Professors. All rights reserved.Prognostics and Health Management (PHM) increasingly become an indispensable component of many engineering systems, where embedded data-driven or model-based algorithms are used for the anomalies detection, faults diagnosis and Remaining Useful Lifetime (RUL) estimation. The capability of estimating the likelihood that a monitored industrial machine will successfully conclude a predefined workload, considering both the available historical data from sensors and the workload itself, may be crucial in supporting the new scheduling activities of an Industry 4.0 manufacturing plant. In this paper, we propose a first data-driven prognostic for the battery State-Of-Charge (SOC) assessment concerning a predefined machine workload. After the introduction of a DC Motor Equivalent Circuit for the testbed, the proposed methodology exploits a machine learning model approach through the use of an Artificial Neural Network for the degradation assessment of the battery monitoring equipment. The presented work intends to be preparatory for the future integration of the State-Of-Health (SOH) information within the scheduling decision, without facing a particular scheduling problem. The encouraging results showed that the proposed approach might be useful for the strategic optimisation of the plant resource, e.g. in terms of Automated Guided Vehicle battery size, for their fleet management and the workload balancing among them.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Business and International Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Waste Management and Disposal	Artificial Neural Network,Automated Guided Vehicle,Battery State-Of-Charge,Industry 4.0,Machine Learning,Prognostics
A new tool for generating scenarios in container terminals	2019	International Journal of Logistics Systems and Management	Copyright  2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This article presents a new tool for generating scenarios in container terminals. The tool simulates the arrival of vessels at container terminals. Each new ship call is modelled with eight variables that are crucial to produce scenarios of high practical relevance. Four variables describe the characteristics of container ships (demand) while the other four describe port performance (service). Then the tool generates random numbers from these variables. The random numbers are generated according to statistical distributions. Then the tool detects a 'failure' if the generated number (output) is out of a range of tolerance. The number generator is the first step to develop a complex simulation model which might be used to cope with berth planning and crane scheduling problems in the future. The structure of the generator discussed here is general enough to be applied to any container terminal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	1	Management Science and Operations Research,Management Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	Container terminals,Failure rate,Port performance,Service-demand,Simulation
An effective mathematical programming model for production automatic robot path planning	2019	Open Transportation Journal	2019 Hamed Fazlollahtabar.Objective: Path planning for production robots has been investigated. The sequence of the orders to be processed in a certain planning horizon has been planned for the production system. Methods: Production automatic robots are employed to carry parts and products among all production stations and machining centers. The combination of machines in stations and autonomous robot evolves a production network. Results: The problem is to assign orders to robots so that paths are obtained to minimize total waiting times of production system and meanwhile provide collision-free paths. Conclusion: The proposed mathematical formulation is implemented to show the efficiency and effectiveness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Modeling and Simulation,Transportation	AGVs,AMS,Autonomous robots,Mathematical formulation,Mathematical programming,Path planning
Object Detection and Recognition Using Small Labeled Datasets	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.Object detection and recognition is a vibrant research area in the computer vision community. Several methods that came into scenario of object detection and recognition are expensive. This paper proposes another methodology for the same. We use selective search algorithm for providing region proposals where there is good chance of finding the object. The method is based on segmenting and eventually merging regions with good similarities. In this paper, we also propose a method for object recognition with a small labeled dataset for training. We use effective methods of unsupervised pre-training to effectively train the network. This paper tries to recognize objects using convolutional neural networks which are pre-trained using a sparse auto-encoder. The region proposals for the objects are forwarded to a convolutional neural network for feature extraction and finally into a fully connected layer for classification.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Auto-encoders,CNN,Object recognition,RCNN,Segmentation,Selective search
Modelling, optimization, and simulation of several first AIDS in an area with plant simulation	2019	SIMULTECH 2019 - Proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Simulation and Modeling Methodologies, Technologies and Applications	Copyright  2019 by SCITEPRESS – Science and Technology Publications, Lda. All rights reserved.Plant Simulation software comprises all the features needed to model the functional aspects of most real-world systems. Specification of complex optimization problem (in sense of many optimization parameters) and its solving in Plant Simulation by genetic algorithm is possible, but it leads to significantly ascending simulation time. The paper presents division of the optimization to two parts: first part of the optimization via GA using distributed computing, and the second part of optimization parameters that will be used in the second stage of the optimization. Modelling, optimization, and simulation procedure proposed for Plant Simulation is presented and tested on a simple use case. In the first stage, the placement of several first aid posts in the area where distinct happenings can go on is optimized, the second stage of the optimization is done using Experiment manager with the aim to select the best solution, i.e. optimal number of first aids in the area depending on additional optimization parameters.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	1	Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Discrete-event Systems,Distributed Computing,Genetic Algorithm,Modelling,Optimization,Plant Simulation,Simulation
Implementation of safe city concept - Procedure of choosing new safety measures	2019	Transportation Research Procedia	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Over the studies of Smart and Safe City concepts number of solutions increasing the safety and security in cities were identified. However, as every city faces different problems in different circumstances, the same solution will not bring the same results everywhere. Individualistic planning of safety and security enhancements is needed. The aim of this paper is to help with decision-making processes - to identify, which safety and security solutions are the most fitting for the specific situation of the specific city. For this purpose, part of the methodological procedure of implementation of Safe City concept solutions is presented within this paper for discussion. In this paper, I decided to deal with the part of procedure that seems to be the least addressed of them - with decision support for choosing new safety measures for implementation. The whole methodological procedure is to be created within an interactive webpage guide.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Transportation	Identifying suitable solutions,Safe city,Support of decision making
Research on civil aircraft design based on MBSE	2019	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd 2019.Civil aircraft is a complex system. With the development of aviation industry, scale and complexity of the systems are getting larger and larger. Hence conventional design process can no longer satisfy the following requirements: integrality and consistence of information, capability of describing different activities and flexibility of requirements changes. However, MBSE (Model based System Engineering) has shown its potential of handling the challenges. Instead of natural language, MBSE adopts different models as the basic elements to storage and transfer data. Hence the relation between requirements of different design levels will be more intuitive and a faster response to requirements modification become possible. In this paper, from the top requirements of civil aircraft, we introduce a V&V activity model to the existing Harmony-SE to construct a both efficient and effective design framework. Comparing with conventional V design process model, our method enables the incremental and iterative developing method as well as a validation step after each design stage. These will produce better-quality aircraft within shorter development period.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Civil aircraft design,Harmony-SE,MBSE,V&V activity model
A Novel MOEA/D for multiobjective scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems	2019	Complexity	2019 Xinnian Wang et al.This paper considers the multiobjective scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). Due to high degrees of route flexibility and resource sharing, deadlocks often exhibit in FMSs. Manufacturing tasks cannot be finished if any deadlock appears. For solving such problem, this work develops a deadlock-free multiobjective evolutionary algorithm based on decomposition (DMOEA/D). It intends to minimize three objective functions, i.e., makespan, mean flow time, and mean tardiness time. The proposed algorithm can decompose a multiobjective scheduling problem into a certain number of scalar subproblems and solves all the subproblems in a single run. A type of a discrete differential evolution (DDE) algorithm is also developed for solving each subproblem. The mutation operator of the proposed DDE is based on the hamming distance of two randomly selected solutions, while the crossover operator is based on Generalization of Order Crossover. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed DMOEA/D can significantly outperform a Pareto domination-based algorithm DNSGA-II for both 2-objective and 3-objective problems on the studied FMSs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all),Multidisciplinary	None
Assessment of innovativeness level for chosen solutions related to Logistics 4.0	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)The paper presents an overview of “Logistics 4.0” term in chosen scientific databases in order to describe the potential of research connected to this phenomena. As many solutions and devices concerning Logistics 4.0 were found, the authors of this paper decided to develop a mathematical model which allows subjective (calling it the expert-oriented method) evaluation of solutions in terms of their level of innovativeness. The application of this model is based on actual solutions currently used in industry and logistics (both management logistics and logistics engineering), exactly 8 years after the existence of the Industry 4.0 concept in the consciousness of scientists and managers. The first section of the paper is connected to the introduction of main ideas and embedding the subject matter in the professional literature and scientific databases. In the second section, the authors defined a mathematical model in order to make an assessment of the innovativeness level for selected solutions connected to Logistics 4.0. In the third sections, authors focused on the assessment of selected solutions as such. And the fourth section consists of a particular conclusion.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Industry 4.0,Innovation,Innovativeness level,Logistics 4.0
A new method for solving deadlock using genetic algorithms	2019	International Journal of Advanced Research in Engineering and Technology	IAEME PublicationA deadlock is reached when multiple processes share the same resource and prevent each other for accessing the resource. Resource organization is considered the optimal solution to solve this problem. This paper presents a novel approach of steady state genetic algorithms hybrid with banker's algorithm. The sequence of operation starts with features extraction that is used for feeding the Genetic algorithm optimizer. The chromosome structure in this method is the one operation processes correlated with three types of genetic operators: The one-point crossover (1X), two-point crossover (2X), and Uniform crossover (UX). Observe a large number of optimal solutions that avoids the Dead Lock system as a safe state.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iraq	0	Engineering (all),Chemical Engineering (all),Biotechnology,Environmental Engineering,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Management of Technology and Innovation,Information Systems and Management	Banker’s Algorithm,Deadlock,Optimization,Steady State Genetic Algorithm
Ambulance car logistics using shortest path achievement tree in plant simulation	2019	CHIRA 2019 - Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Computer-Human Interaction Research and Applications	Copyright  2019 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda. All rights reserved.Tecnomatix Plant Simulation software based on discrete-event modelling and simulation provides all the necessary equipment to operational modelling of real-world systems. Models created in it can be useful in different ways. Running long time simulation of some model, the user can retrieve a sufficiently big amount of information and data, in adequate degree similar to real world data because of wide range possibilities to use random parameters in the model. These data retrieved from simulation can be further used to analysis and test of new design, control, or decision strategies. Model of a simple tracks network with an ambulance car serving patients from houses along the tracks is used as a test case. The motion of the car is controlled using a shortest path achievement tree, prepared in an Excel file and read into the Plant Simulation model. Part of the data received from the model simulation is stored in SQLite in-memory database to be exported for further analysis.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Human-Computer Interaction	Achievement tree,Data retrieval,Discrete event systems,Graph,In memory database,Logistics,Object oriented modelling,Resource statistics,Shortest path,Simulation,SQlite,Tecnomatix plant simulation
Study on method of cutting trajectory planning based on improved particle swarm optimization for roadheader	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.Robotic tunneling is urgently needed to be developed for the safety and efficiency of coal mining. This paper have studied one of the key technologies, which was cutting trajectory planning method of roadheader. It could reduce the cost of tunneling, improve the cutting efficiency of coal and rock, and reduced casualties. The improved particle swarm optimization (PSO) is adopt to plan the cutting trajectory and the features of the improvements are reflected in multi-targets and multi-group of particle swarm. The fitness value is redefined to reflect multiple targets of cutting, which are avoiding the dirt band, shortest and section forming. It could most represent the real cutting process. And the multi-group search region segmentation are adopt to maintain the diversity of the group, prevent the algorithm from falling into a local optimum and improve the efficiency of the algorithm. Finally, for real cutting, the collision avoidance is corrected by expansion operation. Results of simulation experiments showed that the proposed method could plan out the optimal cutting trajectories for roadheader which was suitable for actual automatic control.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Cutting trajectory planning,Multi-group,Multi-target,PSO,Roadheader
An Adaptive Fingerprint Database Updating Scheme for Indoor Bluetooth Positioning	2019	Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering, LNICST	2019, ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering.The accuracy of fingerprint based Bluetooth positioning technology depends on the fingerprint database established in offline phase. However, the change of environment and Access Point (AP) locations has significant impact on wireless signal distribution, resulting a decline in indoor Bluetooth positioning accuracy. In order to solve this problem, this paper presents a fingerprint database updating algorithm. Firstly, RSSI sequence, head, and speed information are extracted from crowdsourcing date. Secondly, the extracted information is used in Pedestrian Dead Reckoning Modification (PDRM) algorithm to get candidate fingerprint. Finally, we propose concepts of standard fingerprint, negative exponential time model, and similarity filtering to update original fingerprint database. The experimental results show that after the proposed fingerprint database updating, fingerprint database positioning accuracy is improved by 0.5Â m.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications	Bluetooth,Crowdsourcing,Fingerprint database updating,Indoor positioning,PDRM
Cognitive Maintenance and Polymorphic Production as the Leading Industry 4.0 Paradigms	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.The increasing interest in the integration of informatics with automation control systems results in the creation of a brand new philosophy of production. The philosophy defined as Industry 4.0 revolutionizes manufacturing in the form as it is understood nowadays. The classical methods of optimization of a production process are insufficient for current requirements and therefore need totally new assumptions and should be reconstructed. Two significant paradigms of Industry 4.0 are presented in the paper: Cognitive Maintenance and Polymorphic Production. Polymorphic Production is an innovative organizational concept that enables dynamic switching between numerous production variants (frameworks). The idea is based on the gathering and analysis of various elements: production orders, current production process status, operational Key Production Indicators, resources and energy availability or priorities set by management. As a result, dynamic, real-time switching between production paths is possible in order to manufacture in the most optimal and efficient way. Due to increased system complexity and flexibility, effective maintenance becomes a key factor for successful implementation of Industry 4.0. Therefore, the second paradigm is the reinforcement of the Cognitive Maintenance concept by the use of knowledge and resources management, which are related to the industrial installation. The purpose of the approach is to gather the resources at every step of an installation life span and to use them effectively so they can support the maintenance. The technical supplement for the approach are methods like technological modeling, remote support and the use of augmented and virtual reality. By the use of such approaches like Polymorphic Production or Cognitive Maintenance, the significant improvement of efficiency of industrial plants is possible. The process can be performed not only by the optimization of production paths but also thanks to modern maintenance of industrial installations. The reason for stressing the significance of those two paradigms results from their complexity: on one hand they affect the whole concept of Industry 4.0, and on the other they combine many aspects that are usually considered separately or which are only partially treated together.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Augmented Reality,Cognitive Maintenance,Industry 4.0,Internet of Things,Key Performance Indicator,Polymorphic Production,Shop floor management,Technological modelling
Holistic Planning of Material Provision for Assembly	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Due to the rising variety and increasing flexibility of products and processes for assembly, the planning processes and the work systems need to be designed in a goal oriented and adaptive way. Especially the manual assembly and the provision of materials associated are taken into consideration. Scientists of the Institute “InnArbeit” prepared the “concept for the systematic planning of the material provision”. This approach guarantees the organized and structured planning for the material provision. For holism the approach considers up- and downstream processes. Potentials of the Virtual Reality (VR) – Technology are utilized for defining appropriate steps of the approach and include ergonomic evaluations. Tools for the continuous planning (e.g. “Stratergie-Matrix”, “Förderkette” and “Digitaler Erweiterbarer Katalog für Bereitstellequipment”), which are included in the approach to assist the process planners within the material provision were also created by the institute.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Ergonomics,Manual assembly,Material provision,Planning,Virtual Reality
Improvement opportunities of a Simulation/Expert System Approach for Manufacturing System Sizing: A review and proposal	2019	Advances in Science, Technology and Engineering Systems	2019 ASTES Publishers. All rights reserved.Manufacturing System (MS) sizing is a crucial task to complete in order to obtain the desired MS performance and efficiency. It involves selecting the required number of resources from each used type in a given planning horizon. In fact, different approaches coupling simulation/optimization tools have been developed to solve this issue and evaluate the MS performance. One of these approaches is the Simulation Expert System Approach (SESA). Unfortunately, the application domain of this approach is limited in sizing only the production resources (machines and labor) but neglects the material handling system (MHS) components. Moreover, omitting the transferring problem is not viable in the real world due to its importance in each shop floor. Thus, the aim of this paper is to describe the evolution of SESA, then, to check if the simulation optimization tools used in SESA are still relevant. This paper also investigates the importance of incorporating MHS in this approach and finally proposes some improvement opportunities for SESA including the tackling of the MHS fleet sizing problem. In fact, the wide literature review performed in this research indicates that SESA is still a pertinent approach but it must be improved. Therefore, it is expected that SESA improvement opportunities proposed in this work will greatly assist industrialists in enhancing the overall MS performance, providing a significant productivity increase and a minimization of the total production costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	0	Engineering (miscellaneous),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous),Management of Technology and Innovation	Expert System,Handling Resources,Manufacturing system sizing,Performance,Production resources,Simulation
A framework of multi-agent based intelligent production logistics system	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Production logistics (PL) is a high-frequency, time-consuming and costly operation in the industrial production process. It is discrete and dynamic due to the random arrival of materials, the changing state of moving vehicles and production equipment. Besides, with the increasing manufacturing shop scale, the production process and equipment continuous updating, PL system is required to have a strong adaptability. These characteristics make production logistics scheduling issues particularly important and complex. In this article, a framework of multi-agent based production logistics system with real-time intelligent decision-making capability is presented. The decision-making mainly involves two aspects, one is the issue of order dispatch, and the other is the path selection problem of AGV. Based on the summary of the existing models and algorithms, this paper analyzes the production logistics function and divides the PL system into seven agents, namely Task agent, Capability Database agent, Guide Path agent, Environment Database agent, AGV agent, Monitor agent and Management agent. This framework simplifies the structure of the PL system and reduces the complexity of the PL control. It is expected that various agent interactions will enable the problem of task assignment and path selection in PL to be well resolved. Moreover, due to the generality of the problems in the logistics, the modularity and low customization features of this framework make it possible to be well encapsulated in Product Service System (PSS) which serves as a third party to support the factory.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Framework,Multi-agent,Production logistics
A novel infrastructure design of industrial autonomous system	2019	International Journal of Fuzzy Logic and Intelligent Systems	The Korean Institute of Intelligent Systems.In this era, the integrated technologies in a unit bring huge benefits for customers. In this paper, a novel design of structure for autonomous system is illustrated. It is superior by combining the specifications of various types in commercial market. As a result, numerous advantages of systems are converged into unified unit. The design of autonomous platform consists of hardware components and infrastructure. Later, the modeling of autonomous system is simulated on computer to fit with proposed design. The implementation of control scheme into model is to drive autonomous system to complete mission. From simulation results, it can be seen that the proposed strategy is feasible, effective and capable in reality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	5	Signal Processing,Logic,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Automated vehicle,Control topology,Forklift,Industrial automation,Robotics
Application of computer-aided to improve industrial productivity in cement factories by using a novel design of quantitative conveyor	2019	International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications	Science and Information Organization.To deal with the industrial evolution 4.0, many cement enterprises must be enhanced the productive ability. In this paper, the novel design of quantitative conveyor is introduced to improve the industrial productivity. Firstly, the test hardware platform is set-up based on customer's requirement. Then, the analysis and control of mechanical platform for quantitative conveyor is investigated. From the experimental results, the operation of conveyor is stable and precise to ensure the output products for cement factories.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	0	Computer Science (all)	Automation,Cement industry,Conveyor,Motion control,Robotics system
Event-triggered control for trajectory tracking by robotic manipulator	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2019.A day-by-day increase in applications of robotic manipulators has led to an era when a variety of tasks are expected from a system with the consumption of least possible resources. One recent application is in cyber-physical space. Resource limitation is a problem, particularly when working in a cyber-physical architecture. With this in mind, aperiodic control techniques were introduced and developed upon. This was based on the fact that there always exists some redundancy in control signal generation which can be avoided. In this paper, we have introduced an event-triggered control technique for trajectory tracking by robotic manipulators. This technique is superior to uniform-interval controller as control computations are done only at instances when the system needs attention. This event-triggered approach is applied to a learning-based incremental PID controller to demonstrate the simplicity in application. Simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed methodology for trajectory tracking.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Event-triggered controller,Incremental PID controller,Robotic manipulator
Vision Intelligence guided strawberry decalyx machine - automatic vision-guided intelligent decalyxing network (AVIDnet)	2019	2019 ASABE Annual International Meeting	2019 ASABE Annual International Meeting. All rights reserved.The 2nd generation strawberry decalyx machine (AVID2) was designed and built. The new machine utilized a convolutional neural network (AVIDnet) to replace manually defined standards to decide whether the berry can be cut or not, which can effectively improve the machine`s production capacity. To maximum the yield of the machine, the new machine also included rapid robotic movements that enabled a curved cut along strawberry calyx curvatures. To guide the waterjet movement following the ideal cut trajectory, a regression deep neural network was integrated into the above discrimination network. Though a network embedding design, we successfully avoided the ground truth contradiction resulting from data labelling and augmentation. Meanwhile, low-level, middle-level and high-level deep features were fused to ensure the network regression accuracy. Lab test results showed the great advantages of the new machine compared to the first generation prototype, and now the new machine is ready for production.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Agronomy and Crop Science,Bioengineering	Automatic control,Decalyxing,Deep neural networks,Food processing,Machine vision and intelligence,Strawberry
Seam tracking for mobile welding robot based on terminal sliding mode	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.In this paper, non-smooth controller based on terminal sliding mode is applied to mobile welding robot to track a linear welding path. According to the kinematics and dynamics models of welding mobile robot, the seam tracking error system is established considering the external disturbance. Meanwhile, the terminal sliding mode controller (TSMC) is designed to achieve the convergence of the tracking errors in finite time. The new saturation function is used to eliminate the effect of chattering instead of the sign function. Then the Lyapunov stability theory indicates that the closed-loop system is stable. Compared with the linear sliding mode controller (LSMC), the proposed non-smooth controller can offer not only a faster convergence rate but also a higher tracking accuracy. Finally, the numerical simulation is provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed controller. And it is of great significance for improving welding accuracy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Mobile welding robot, seam tracking,Terminal sliding mode
A lightweight framework of R-LATs for large-scale application	2019	ASME International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition, Proceedings (IMECE)	Copyright  2019 ASME.Rotate laser automatic theodolite system (R-LATs) is a distributed larger volume metrology system. With considering its excellent parallel measurement capability and the adaptive expansion of measureable space, R-LATs has a good prospect in large scale application, e.g. as a space measurement solution for an entire factory room to fix the spatial coordinate measurement, AGV navigation, and large component alignment etc. However, in large application scenario, where multiple theodolites are adopted, the photosensors suffer heavy working load in distinguishing the theodolite of each fan laser. It seriously restricts the real-time character, raises the probability of wrong signal generation, and degrades the work performance of R-LATs distinctly. To overcome this bottleneck, this paper proposed a lightweight framework for R-LATs to lighten the work load of photosensor in distinguishing the theodolites. Firstly, the working principle of R-LATs and the visibility of theodolite were introduced. Then, the whole frame work of R-LATs was designed in three aspects to relieve the work load of photosensor, i.e. topological network construction for entire R-LAT, data structure design for both compute terminal and photosensor, and the dynamic schedule of the data process unit for entire R-LATs. At last, by simulating AVG navigation in a large scale application of R-LATs, the effectiveness of this paper was proofed by comparing the computational loads with traditional configuration.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	Dynamic launch,Framework,Lightweight,R-LAT,Regional room,Topological network
Path-Following Controller for 4WDs Hydraulic Heavy-Duty Field Robots with Nonlinear Internal Dynamics	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.This paper describes a full closed-loop vehicle model for use in high precision path-following control of heavy-duty field robots. We present a high-performance path-following controller for four-wheeled drive (4WD), steer-articulated vehicles, typically used as mobile bases for aerial work platforms. Our control system promptly evaluates the curvature of the path the vehicle is about to navigate and regulates the wheels' speeds accordingly to insure high performance execution while avoiding velocity saturation. Moreover, we illustrate the architecture of the developed control software and its integration into the vehicle's proprietary control unit. We use a simulation model of the test-case robot to compare the developed controller to other path-follower candidates. Then, the controller is used in experiments to verify its feasibility in heavy-duty, 4WD-steered field robots having nonlinear internal dynamics and high inertia. Publicly available videos of the experiments disseminate the proposed controller performance in action.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	0	Control and Systems Engineering	autonomous heavy-duty vehicle,autonomous intelligent vehicle,four wheel drive,four wheel steer,Mobile robot,odometry localization feedback,path following
A Location Predictive Model Based on 2D Angle Data for HAPS Using LSTM	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.High Altitude Platforms Station (HAPS) is considered to be an effective solution to expand the communication coverage of rural area in the fifth generation (5G) network. However, HAPS is usually in an unstable state because of space airflow. Thus, the inaccurate beamforming performed by the gateway (GW) will result in unnecessary capacity loss of HAPS communication system. To address this issue, a long short-term memory (LSTM)-based location predictive model is proposed to predict next moment location of HAPS by training the current two-dimensional (2D) angle data. Specifically, a novel preprocessing system is introduced to ensure the effectiveness of our model. Moreover, the LSTM-based model with highest predictive accuracy can be saved during the training to realize the real-time prediction. Experimental results reveal that the proposed LSTM-based model is of higher prediction accuracy compared with other two predictive models. Therefore, a more precise beamforming performed by GW can reduce the unnecessary capacity loss and improve the reliability of 5G HAPS communication system.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	5G,DOA estimation,HAPS,LSTM
Omniman: An omnidirectional mobile manipulator for human-robot collaboration	2019	Lecture Notes in Engineering and Computer Science	2019 Turkiye Klinikleri Journal of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.In human-robot collaboration, robots interact directly and safely with humans in a shared workspace without protective guards. This paper presents the design of OmniMan, which is a mobile manipulator for human-robot collaboration consisting of an omnidirectional mobile platform and a lightweight robotic arm. Mobile manipulators extend the workspace of manipulators (robotic arms) by mounting them on mobile platforms. The mobile platform is driven by Mecanum wheels, which provide 3 degrees of freedom in motion. The paper develops the kinematic model of the whole system including platform and manipulator. Furthermore the overall controller structure for OmniMan including the real-time synchronization of platform and manipulator is described.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Computer Science (miscellaneous)	None
Development of fuzzy-single valued neutrosophic MADM technique to improve performance in manufacturing and supply chain functions	2019	Studies in Fuzziness and Soft Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.The single valued neutrosophic set (SVNS) is an ideal set of neutrosophic set, which includes the information in degree of truthness, degree of indeterminacy and degree of falsehood. The objective of this chapter is to develop a new approach for multi attribute decision making (MADM) which works with conversion on crisp/fuzzy set into single valued neutrosophic set and with a Novel technique which works with uncertainty, imprecise, indeterminate and inconsistent information. The proposed technique was applied to a case study of selection of automated guided vehicle (AGV) for flexible manufacturing cell in a given industrial application. The validation shows that ranking with the proposed technique gives more efficient, more accurate and less computational effort than other MADM methods. The positive side of the technique is that it gives the solution without calculating attributes weights, which is not possible in other MADM methods. The proposed technique gives better solutions with more uncertainty, indeterminate, imprecise and inconsistent information.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	2	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Computational Mathematics	Multi attribute decision making (MADM),Selection technique,Single valued neutrosophic set (SVNS)
Developing and testing an autonomous all-terrain vehicle to experimentally test rollover incidents	2019	2019 ASABE Annual International Meeting	2019 ASABE Annual International Meeting. All rights reserved.The rollover crashes are the leading cause of fatalities in agricultural all-terrain vehicle (ATV) incidents. Crush Protection Device (CPD) is a passive safety structure that could protect the operator in ATV rollover incidents. There are some contradictions in the results of previous studies regarding the effectiveness of CPDs in protecting the operator in rollover incidents. Also, no study evaluated the CPD performance in agricultural ATV rollover incidents which usually happens at low speed. The CPD performance needs to be evaluated by conducting experimental rollover incident tests. A remotely controlled ATV was developed to improve the repeatability and accuracy of ATV rollover tests. In this study, an ATV (4x4 Honda FourTrax Rancher 2018) with Dual Clutch Transmission (DCT), independent rear suspension (IRS), and electric power steering (EPS) was used. The control system on this ATV contains three major components: (1) closed-loop steering control system with line-following feature for accurate ATV guidance, (2) remote cruise control module for ATV speed control, and (3) remote braking control system along with emergency engine shut-off module for safety purpose in rollover tests. Performance of each component was examined by riding the remotely controlled ATV on a straight line. Repeatable rollover crashes are expected when riding on uneven terrain that contains slopes and bumps. Simulating rollover incident by a remotely controlled ATV can increase the reliability of CPD evaluation in field tests, and thus assist the improvement of future CPD design.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Agronomy and Crop Science,Bioengineering	All-Terrain Vehicles,Crush Protection Device,Line-following,Machine Vision,Remote Control,Safety
RPLIDAR integration module for obstacle avoidance robot	2019	International Journal of Advanced Trends in Computer Science and Engineering	2019, World Academy of Research in Science and Engineering. All rights reserved.This paper presents the project development of Obstacle Avoidance Robot, an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) in example, which use a LIDAR (Light Detecting and Ranging) as a sensor for obstacles detection. RPLIDAR as LIDAR sensor is integrated with Raspberry Pi 2 becoming a sensing module. The programming is done by using Python and Arduino sketch. There are other types of sensor which also be used as an obstacle detector such as ultrasonic sensor, limit switches and a few other sensors. Any information regarding the obstacle detected will then transmitted by the Raspberry Pi to Arduino Mega. Based on information received the Arduino Mega then commanding the AGV to move the robot with the avoiding obstacles abilities. The integration module successfully developed to control the AGV trajectory to move forward direction only. The studies on the AGV behavior in facing the obstacle while moving have been done, as a result it will varying the speeds of the wheel which make the AGV turning and avoiding the obstacle. The result may be implemented in any other of AGV with differential drive system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Arduino,Mobile robot,Obstacle avoidance,Raspberry Pi,RPLIDAR
Target detection and analysis of intelligent agricultural vehicle movement obstacle based on panoramic vision	2019	INMATEH - Agricultural Engineering	2019 INMA Bucharest.Agricultural automation and intelligence have a wide range of connotations, involving navigation, image, model, strategy and other engineering disciplines. With the development of modern agriculture, intelligent agricultural vehicles are applied in many engineering areas. The operating environment of agricultural vehicles is very complex, especially as they often face obstacles, affecting the intelligent operation of agricultural vehicles. The traditional obstacle detection mostly uses the limited detection algorithm, in the case of which it is difficult to achieve the moving target detection of panoramic vision. In this paper, mean shift algorithm is selected to detect the moving obstacles of intelligent agricultural vehicles, and adaptive colour fusion is introduced to optimize the algorithm to solve the problems of mean shift. In order to verify the effect of the improvement and application of the algorithm, the video image obtained by the intelligent agricultural vehicle is selected for the simulation experiment, and the best combination (-0.8.0.2) is obtained for the unequal spacing sampling method. In the process of colour selection, the coefficient needs to be adjusted continuously to improve the tracking accuracy of the algorithm. Further it can be seen that when using a variety of different quantitative methods for comparative analysis, the quantitative method of HIS-360 level is determined.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Food Science,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Intelligent agricultural vehicle,Motion disorder,Panoramic vision,Watershed algorithm
Medical Supplies to the Point-Of-Use in Hospitals	2019	IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology	IFIP International Federation for Information Processing 2019.In order to match financial sustainability with the delivery of high-quality healthcare hospitals need to seek efficient ways of managing inventories with a large variety of medical supplies. To find a balance in the trade-off between cost and service levels that ensures on time and high-quality patient treatment is a challenge. It is especially crucial in the hospital setting, where the consequence of a stock-out can be much more severe than lost revenue. The process of ensuring that the required supplies are available at the right time is a particularly important supporting role within hospital logistics. The scope of this study is inventory control at the point-of-use inventories in hospitals. It concerns the short-term planning and control area, which focus on coping with actual demand and making necessary changes in order to match efficiently to plans. This study aims to model the inventory control process and discuss how technology can support high availability of medical supplies in hospitals.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management	Hospital,Inventory control,Point-of-use
A simulation model for the need for intra-plant transport operation planning by AGV	2019	Open Engineering	2019 G. Fedorko et al., published by De Gruyter.Intra-plant transport has an important role in the systems of enterprise logistics. At present, automated transport systems (AGV) are used for its efficient operation, with minimal operator attendance. For the proper and reliable functioning of such a transport system, there is currently a wide range of methods, of which the method of computer simulation is increasingly dominant. In the application, however, it is necessary to take into account that the functioning of AGV systems is a very demanding process with high demands on the used simulation software. Within the article, it will be described the use of the method of additional programming, as an effective tool in the creation of a simulation model of the AGV system for the need of its planning. The model presents the possibilities of increasing of the output of the analyzed production process to more than 70%, and at the same time it indicates insufficient use of workplaces that in one case reaches the value about 10%. The application of this model pointed to the reduction of the number of workplaces by one and with this related increase of output of other workplace.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	0	Environmental Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all),Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,intralogistics,planning,simulation,transport
Digital chain development for sanding application with a kinematically redundant robotic system	2019	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of The 17th CIRP Conference on Modelling of Machining OperationsNaval industries are looking for new ways to perform complex tasks on large and stationary parts. In this context, mobile manipulators which consist on a manipulator (6 Degrees of Freedom) mounted on a wheeled base (4 DoFs - Automated Guided Vehicule) are a promising solution. In this paper, such one is presented and the way to control it is explained. It appears that the redundancy management can be solved by fixing geometric parameters and adjusting timers to control the end effector. Staubli Robot and AGV are synchronised via a Main computer: the digital chain development is highlighted and ways are proposed to improve the mobile robot behavior via the redundancy management.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicule,Digital Chain,Mobile robot,Redundancy management
Analyzing and predicting player performance in a quantum cryptography serious game	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.An adaptive 3D serious game, QuaSim for imparting to learners the fundamental concepts of quantum cryptography and their applications in designing computer security protocols is described. QuaSim emulates an often used instructional model of practice exercises followed by timed-tests (practice-timed-test) in a serious game setting by automatically designing timed-tests guided by models learned from data about the performance of players in practice exercises. QuaSim also automatically selects next practice exercises based on player performance in previous exercises. The game was played by 150 students and the results are highly encouraging. They show that the model learned by the game is able to select next practice exercises to improve player performance in the timed tests and is able to generate meaningful timed-tests.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
A smart robotic system for non-contact condition monitoring and fault detection in buried pipelines	2019	Society of Petroleum Engineers - Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference 2018, ADIPEC 2018	Copyright 2018, Society of Petroleum Engineers.Condition monitoring and defect inspection in the buried oil and gas pipelines, made of ferrous material, has always been a challenge for all organizations operating in the Oil & Gas sector. Pipelines can be inspected in two ways, internally and externally. Internal inspection by ILI tools require special infrastructures like pig launchers and receivers along with pre-preparation before inspection like internal cleaning there is the data collecting and analysis process which is time-consuming. Whereas in communally used external inspection a group of workers drive a vehicle along the pipelines to perform visual inspection of the pipelines for detection of leakage or any other kind of visible damages. Such manual external inspection is highly inefficient, expensive and hazardous. In such a way it is difficult to obtain any important information for the anomalies brewing in the buried pipes or cathodic protection layer. A lot of work has been done towards developing NDT technologies to inspect pipelines. However, most of the NDT sensors work only in close vicinity of the pipeline surface which requires an excavation of the pipelines and exposing the structure. This shortcoming of NDT techniques has attracted researchers towards other NDT techniques such as non-invasive magnetomatric diagnosis (NIMD) which allows non-contact detection of anomalies from distance in the core metal of the pipelines deeply buried underground. NIMD sensors work on principle of measuring distortions of residual magnetic fields conditions by the variation of the pipeline's metal magnetic permeability in stress concentration zone due to combined influence of various factors such as residual stress, vibration, bending and loading of pipelines, installation stress and temperature fluctuations etc. These handheld magnetic sensors are used manually by field operators therefore inspection of long pipelines in extreme environmental conditions is not feasible. A non-contact external robotic inspection system, Autonomous Ground Vehicle (AGV), carrying such non-contact magnetic and visual sensors is designed and tested in this work. AGV is equipped with two kinds of sensors, the first navigation sensors and the second inspection sensors. Accurate autonomous tracking of the pipelines by the AGV is achieved by fusion of three navigation mechanisms based on visual data, GPS and pipe locator. The pipe locator in combination of CP post is one of the most extensively used sensors in the oil and gas industry for tracking the buried pipelines. In this work manually used pipe locator is now fully automatized for autonomous tracking of the buried pipelines by the AGV. For this purpose, a hybrid automata trajectory controller is developed for a non-holonomic AGV where a PID controller is combined with non-linear forward velocity of the AGV depending on the lateral distance error and angular alignment error. Field experiments are conducted successfully to demonstrate accuracy of the newly designed controller. Successful development of such complex mechanism requires solution of many critical challenges like teleoperation, system and supervisory controls, trajectory tracking, image processing and sensor data fusion.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Arab Emirates	0	Geochemistry and Petrology,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Fuel Technology	None
Autonomous ground vehicle error prediction modeling to facilitate human-machine cooperation	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2019.Autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) play a significant role in performing the versatile task of replacing human-operated vehicles and improving vehicular traffic. This facilitates the advancement of an independent and interdependent decision-making process that increases the accessibility of transportation by reducing accidents and congestion. Presently, human-machine cooperation has focused on developing advanced algorithms for intelligent path planning and execution that is functional in providing reliable transportation. From industry simulations to field tests, AGVs exhibited various mishaps or errors that have a probability to cause fatalities and undermine the potential benefits. Therefore, it is very important to focus on reducing fatalities due to either human error or AGV system error. To solve this problem, the paper proposes an error prediction model to reduce AGV errors through appropriate human intervention. In this paper, we use the data from AGV exteroceptive sensors such as stereo-vision cameras, long and short range RADARS, and LiDAR to predict the AGVs error through Dempster–Shafer theory (DST) based on sensor data fusion technique. The results obtained in this work suggest that there is a lot of scope for improvement in the performance of AGV when conflicts are predicted in advance and alerting human for intervention. This would, in turn, improve human-machine cooperation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous ground vehicle,Dempster–Shafer Theory (DST),Error prediction,Human-Machine cooperation
Parallel Automaton Representation of Marine Crafts' COLREGs-based Manoeuvering Behaviours	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019. The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.With international rules of navigation, the IMO COLREGS, describing the regulatory behaviours of marine vessels relative to each other, correct interpretation of situations is instrumental to the successful navigation at sea. This becomes even more crucial when temporal unattended bridge or fully unmanned navigation is aimed at. Based on a breakdown of COLREG rules, this paper presents a framework for representation of manoeuvering behaviours, that are expected when all vessels obey the rules. Our analysis is based on discrete-event systems theory and the proposed framework consists of sets of finite automata, segregating situation assessment from decision making. A intermediate supervisory layer coordinates the communication of these automata modules. The framework is tested in simulation environment using a realistic scenario.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous vessels,collision avoidance,COLREGs representation,discrete-event systems,finite-state automata,situation assessment
Navigation complex with adaptive non-linear kalman filter for unmanned flight vehicle	2019	Metrology and Measurement Systems	2019 Polish Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.A navigation complex of an unmanned flight vehicle of small class is considered. Increasing the accuracy of navigation definitions is done with the help of a nonlinear Kalman filter in the implementation of the algorithm on board an aircraft in the face of severe limitations on the performance of the special calculator. The accuracy of the assessment depends on the available reliable information on the model of the process under study, which has a high degree of uncertainty. To carry out high-precision correction of the navigation complex, an adaptive non-linear Kalman filter with parametric identification was developed. The model of errors of the inertial navigation system is considered in the navigation complex, which is used in the algorithmic support. The procedure for identifying the parameters of a non-linear model represented by the SDC method in a scalar form is used. The developed adaptive non-linear Kalman filter is compact and easy to implement on board an aircraft.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Russian Federation	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation	Implementation in the special calculator,Non-linear kalman filter,Parametric identification,Sdc representation,Unmanned aerial vehicle
Approach to reduce throughput time in grinding of gundrills	2019	Journal Europeen des Systemes Automatises	2019 Lavoisier. All rights reserved.In modern industries automated machines are considered as one of the most important constituent in improving productivity. Gundrills are special cutting tools used for deep-hole drilling to achieve a depth to diameter ratio ranging up to 300:1. Gundrill production is largely dependent on manual operations owing to the manufacturing complexities. The total throughput time in gundrill manufacturing is significantly affected by the manual grinding process. This paper presents a study on the various grinding operations and identifies bottlenecks during gundrill production. Simulation is done in ARENA by Rockwell Automation Inc. for the manual process as well as for the automation required for the required for reduction in cycle time. Non-parametric tests are conducted for validating the ARENA model. Conclusions are drawn to automate the production aimed at reducing the cycle time while improving quality and EHS (Environment, Health, Safety) practice by eliminating tedious and repetitive operations. The present work serves as a benchmark approach for any manufacturing engineer intended to reduce the throughput time of any components.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	ARENA,Cycle time,Grinding,Gundrill,Throughput time
Validation of localization method for autonomous vehicles using road feature map and 3D LiDAR sensor	2019	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2019.This paper describes our study of localization for autonomous vehicles based on a particle filter with road feature maps and lidar sensor inputs. We propose this system for vehicle localization in tunnels and underground roads when satellite signals from the US GPS, the Russian GLONASS, and the Japanese QZSS are not available. We studied sensor-based localization methods for autonomous vehicles using radar, lidar, and cameras. In this paper, we describe a localization method using a particle filter that correlates a high-resolution map with a local map constructed by 3D lidar and vehicle odometry. We validate the developed method with a real-time computing environment using actual measurements obtained from public road experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	3D LiDAR,Localization,Particle filter,Road
Optimization of interaction of automobile and railway transport at container terminals	2019	Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.The article deals with the main processes occurring at the automobile-railway container terminal. The main economic entities of the automobile-railway communication are distinguished, including the owner of the railway infrastructure, the operator of the railway rolling stock, the container terminal and a road carrier. A technique is proposed for determining optimal parameters for the operation of terminal complexes, which is based on minimizing the amount of costs of all the participants in the transportation process. There is a need to revise the criteria for optimizing the calculation of the optimal amount of loading and unloading mechanisms, taking into account the costs for over-normal idle hours of motor vehicles under loading (unloading), over the planned time of work performance and costs due to idle time of the railway rolling stock on public roads in anticipation of loading (unloading). This technique assumes that the arrival of containers is a random stream of events, and the entire complex of terminal hardware is a service channel. The incoming flow of containers is classified based on the overall and weight characteristics. The results of the study show that when determining the optimal amount of loading and unloading mechanisms, it is necessary to take into account the costs associated with interdependent idle time of loading and unloading mechanisms, rolling and automobile stock. The additional time spent on the cargo deconsolidation, as well as the possibility of delivering lightweight containers in pairs, significantly affect the processing of the incoming container flow at the terminal. As a result of the study, it has been established that the interdependent idle time of transport and loading and unloading mechanisms is significantly reduced, taking into account the volumetric and weight characteristics of containers, the probabilistic arrival nature and the assessment of the transport capacity of vehicles used to deliver containers to the final consumers. It has been established that the savings of the total costs of the container terminal of Chelyabinsk Cargo Station and the losses of carriers when organizing loading and unloading operations based on the presented methodology will amount to 9%.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Russian Federation	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	Container transportation,Loading and unloading mechanisms,Railway transport operators container terminal parameters
Integration of autonomous intelligent vehicles into manufacturing environments: Challenges	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)As companies begin to move towards Industry 4.0 and implement Smart Manufacturing techniques, flexible manufacturing comes to the fore. This allows a facility to adapt to changing needs and demands, with less impact on production, when compared to rigid production lines. Traditionally, the introduction of new equipment into a production line is somewhat straightforward, as the equipment is generally static. In recent times however, Autonomous Intelligent Vehicles (AIVs) have become a pivotal component of smart production lines. Given there may be in excess of twenty AIVs working simultaneously, the integration challenge becomes even more complex. This paper identifies several challenges associated with the integration of an AIV into a manufacturing environment controlled by a Manufacturing Execution System (MES). Further to this a discussion of the solutions being implemented currently on a live project is provided.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ireland	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous Intelligent Vehicle,Manufacturing Execution Systems,Robotics for Manufacturing,Software Interfacing
EncoDer/INS/GNSS integrated navigation for autonomous land vehicles with mecanum wheels	2019	Proceedings of the 32nd International Technical Meeting of the Satellite Division of the Institute of Navigation, ION GNSS+ 2019	2019, Institute of Navigation.This paper presents an encoder/INS/GNSS integrated system for improving the navigation performance of the autonomous land vehicle (ALV) with Mecanum wheels. In contrast to the commonly used INS/GNSS integrated system, the proposed integration method introduces data from encoders of Mecanum wheels so that the cumulative errors of horizontal velocities and yaw angle provided by INS are bounded. It is shown that the position estimate and velocity estimate of the ALV provided by proposed integrated system are observable under any situations. Based on theoretical analyses, the shortcomings of INS/GNSS integrated system and encoder/INS integrated system can be compensated by proposed integrated system. To verify the navigation performance of the proposed integrated system, comparisons between the trajectory estimated by aforementioned navigation systems based on experimental results are provided. The results of experiments show that the proposed integrated system has a best navigation performance among the three navigation systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Communication,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Software,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Optimizing retrieving performance of an automated warehouse for unconventional stock keeping units	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.In recent years, the diffusion of automated warehouses in different industrial sectors has fostered the design of more complex automated storages and handling solutions. These circumstances, from a technological point of view, have led to the development of automated warehouses that are very different from the classic pallet Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems (AS/RS), both in terms of design and operating logic. A context in which these solutions have spread is the steel sector. Warehouses with innovative layouts and operating logics have been designed to move metal bundles of different sizes, weights and quality levels, instead of standard, interchangeable stock keeping units. Moreover, picking is often not allowed in these warehouses, due to the configuration of the loading units. In this work we propose a meta-heuristic algorithm based on the Simulated Annealing (SA) procedure, which aims to optimize performance during the retrieving phase of an automated warehouse for metal bundles. The algorithm translates the customers' requests, expressed in terms of item code, quality and weight into a list of jobs. The goal is to optimize the retrieving performance, measured in missions per hour, minimizing the deviations in quality and weight between customer request and the material retrieved. For the validation, a simulation model of an existing warehouse has been created and the performance of the algorithm tested on the simulation model has been compared with the current performance of the warehouse.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated storage and retrieval system,Digital twin,Simulated annealing,Unconventional stock keeping units
Energy efficient motion design and task scheduling for an autonomous vehicle	2019	Proceedings of the International Conference on Engineering Design, ICED	2019 Design Society. All rights reserved.This paper describes an approach for designing an energy efficient motion and task scheduling for an autonomous vehicle which is moving in complicated environments in industrial sector or in large warehouses. The vehicle is requested to serve a number of workstations while moving safely and efficiently in the environment. In the proposed approach, the overall problem is formulated as a constraint optimization problem by using the Bump-Surface concept. Then, a Pareto-based multi-objective optimization strategy is adopted, and a modified genetic algorithm is developed to determine the Pareto optimum solution. The efficiency of the developed method is investigated and discussed through simulated experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	0	Engineering (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	Artificial intelligence,Energy-Efficiency,Mechatronics,Motion Design,Optimisation
Omniman: A mobile assistive robot for intralogistics applications	2019	Engineering Letters	2019, International Association of Engineers. All rights reserved.In human-robot collaboration, robots interact directly and safely with humans in a shared workspace without protective guards. This paper presents the design of OmniMan, which is a mobile manipulator for human-robot collaboration consisting of an omnidirectional mobile platform and a lightweight robotic arm. Mobile manipulators extend the workspace of manipulators (robotic arms) by mounting them on mobile platforms. The mobile platform is driven by Mecanum wheels, which provide 3 degrees of freedom in motion. The paper develops the kinematic model of the whole system including platform and manipulator. Furthermore the overall controller structure for OmniMan including the real-time synchronization of platform and manipulator is described.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Engineering (all)	Human robot collaboration,Mecanum wheels,Mobile manipulation
On attributes of objects in object-oriented software analysis	2019	International Journal of Industrial Engineering and Production Research	Iran University of Science and Technology 2019One of the modern paradigms to develop software is object-oriented analysis and design. In this paradigm, there are several objects in the software, and each object plays some specific roles. There is a sequence of activities to develop an analysis model. In the first step, this study works to develop an initial use case model. Then, in the second step, a number of concepts are identified, and a glossary of participating objects is built. Identifying attributes of objects (and classes) is one of the most important steps in the object-oriented paradigm. This paper proposes a method to identify the attributes of objects and verify them. The method is also concerned with classifying and eliminating the incorrect attributes of objects. Then, the method is evaluated through a large application, a Control Command Police System. After that, several guidelines concerning attributes of objects based on the practical experience obtained from the evaluation are provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Strategy and Management,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analysis Model,Attributes,Object,Object-Oriented,Use Case
The strategy for implementation of the digitization in factories	2019	Transportation Research Procedia	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Implementation of the digitization and growth of the manufacturing processes intelligence are increasingly becoming necessity in today´s factories. Digitization and globalization are opening new market opportunities, in particular for small factories. The realization of the Digital Factory is the strategic goal of many factories for the next years. Previous researches been limited to a lack of information from small and medium-sized factories. Small and medium-sized factories play an important role in our and Europe´s economy. This paper investigates how to solve the digitization and the manufacturing and auxiliary systems designing in the factory with regard to the digitization and the dynamic market. This is very important step for creating of intelligent and autonomous transport systems. Described model is one of the most rapid ways to transform the classical (conventional) factory to modern Digital Factory. Propose model has many beneficial applications in real life of the factory environment. Achieved results offer vital evidence for possibility of the digitization in small and medium-sized factories. This approach has the real potential for increasing of the factories competitiveness.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	1	Transportation	Autonomous things,Auxiliary processes,Digitization,Logistics,Service processes,Strategy,Transport
Cellular manufacturing scheduling in the presence of multiple process routings and considering job splitting	2019	Economic Computation and Economic Cybernetics Studies and Research	2019, Bucharest University of Economic Studies. All right reserved.The main contribution of this study is the integration of the cell formation, cell scheduling and routing selection problems while considering job splitting and reentrant parts. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that investigates such an integrated problem with the job splitting approach. The aim is to find the assignment of machines to the cells, the assignment of operations to the machines, the amount of workload that is dedicated to each machine, and the sequence of operations on machines. The problem is formulated as a mixed-integer program so as to minimize the sum of processing, setup and inter-cell handling costs, plus the total weighted flow time of parts. Due to the computational complexity of the problem, two heuristics are presented to find efficient solutions. Finally, computational experiments are conducted to access the performance of the heuristics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Economics and Econometrics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Cell formation,Cellular manufacturing system,Heuristic,Job splitting,Multiple process routings,Scheduling
Autonomous driving of commercial vehicles within cordoned off terminals	2019	VEHITS 2019 - Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Vehicle Technology and Intelligent Transport Systems	2019 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda.In recent years, the development of autonomous trucks has progressed rapidly. It can be assumed that such vehicles will be ready within the next decade. In order to make use of the advantages of automated driving along the entire transport chain, it is necessary to use the autonomous vehicles on public roads as well as on the terminal areas. The paper presents the extent to which it is possible to adopt autonomously driving trucks to closed terminal areas. Further it discusses the technical, operational and legal requirements for vehicles, transport service providers and terminals involved. Based on the requirements a concept for autonomous driving of commercial vehicles in cordoned off areas is presented. Afterwards this concept is transformed with the current processes on a fully automated container terminal into a concrete example. This example shows how autonomous commercial vehicles can be integrated in the operational processes of an existing terminal.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Automotive Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Transportation	Autonomous Vehicles,Commercial Vehicles,Ports Traffic Management,Terminal Infrastructure
A particle filter localization method using 2d laser sensor measurements and road features for autonomous vehicle	2019	Journal of Advanced Transportation	2019 KyungJae Ahn and Yeonsik Kang.This paper presents a method of particle filter localization for autonomous vehicles, based on two-dimensional (2D) laser sensor measurements and road features. To navigate an urban environment, an autonomous vehicle should be able to estimate its location with a reasonable accuracy. By detecting road features such as curbs and road markings, a grid-based feature map is constructed using 2D laser range finder measurements. Then, a particle filter is employed to accurately estimate the position of the autonomous vehicle. Finally, the performance of the proposed method is verified and compared to accurate Differential Global Positioning Systems (DGPS) data through real road driving experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Automotive Engineering,Economics and Econometrics,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management	None
Fuzzy sliding mode control for active vibration control of hydraulic actuated vehicle suspension	2019	International Journal of Recent Technology and Engineering	2018, Blue Eyes Intelligence Engineering and Sciences Publication. All rights reserved.Fuzzy Sliding model control (FSMC) has been suggested to control hydraulic actuated nonlinear active suspension using full car model. The development of efficient classical controller for active suspension has been difficult due to complex nature of full car mathematical model, nonlinear effect in suspension and unpredictable behaviour of hydraulic actuator. The sliding mode controller (SMC) has an ability to handle uncertain parameter, nonlinearity and complex mathematical model of dynamic system. Chattering phenomenon remains to be the only obstacle for nonlinear sliding mode controller which can be eliminated by integrating fuzzy logic with sliding mode control. In this work, fuzzy sliding mode controller proposed for hydraulic actuated nonlinear active suspension to handle nonlinearity, uncertainty in parameter variation and chattering effect. The simulation is carried out using Seven degree of freedom based full car model to measure body displacement, acceleration, roll and pitch angle of vehicle. The response of full car model confirms the feasibility of fuzzy sliding mode controller for hydraulic actuated active suspension.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Engineering (all),Management of Technology and Innovation	Active suspension,Actuator dynamics,Fuzzy sliding mode control,Vibration control
Factors affecting energy consumption of unmanned aerial vehicles: An analysis of how energy consumption changes in relation to UAV routing	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) routing is transitioning from an emerging topic to a growing research area and one critical aspect of it is the energy consumption of UAVs. This transition induces a need to identify factors, which affects the energy consumption of UAVs and thereby the routing. This paper presents an analysis of different parameters that influence the energy consumption of the UAV Routing Problem. This is achieved by analyzing an example scenario of a single UAV multiple delivery mission, and based on the analysis, relationships between UAV energy consumption and the influencing parameters are shown.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Energy consumption of UAVs,UAV routing,Unmanned aerial vehicles
Dealing with Capacitated Aisles in Facility Layout: A Simulation Optimization Approach	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2019, Springer International Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature.In manufacturing systems layout of machines has a significant impact on production time and cost. The most important reason for this is that machine layout impact on transportation time and cost. When designing layout, the aisles structure has an effect on transportation. The aisles are paths that transporters go through them to move the materials between machines. The capacity of the aisles is not infinitive and there is a limitation for the number of transporters that can pass an aisle at the same time. This causes transporters wait for the aisle to be empty or even transporters crossing. Therefore, when optimizing the layout of machines, the aisles structure and their capacity must be investigated. This paper proposes an approach for layout design in manufacturing systems taking into account capacitated aisles structure. First, the aisle structure is determined. Then, the machines are assigned in the possible areas. A simulation optimization approach is proposed to solve the problem. This helps us to avoid unrealistic assumptions and consider realistic conditions such as stochastic characteristics of the manufacturing system, random process time and random breakdown. A genetic algorithm is used to search for the best position of machines. Finally, a numerical example is included to illustrate the proposed approach.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Capacitated aisles,Facility layout problem,Manufacturing systems,Simulation
Optimizing Headlamp Focusing Through Intelligent System as Safety Assistance in Automobiles	2019	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2019, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.One of the major challenges faced by the automobile industries is to reduce the chance of occurring accidents and also to enhance the production of the safest automobiles. Even though many safety devices are available in the vehicles, the highest fatal terrific accidents occur on curved roads and junctions at nighttime. Also, the accidents occur due to glare from the fore coming vehicles. Because, in most of the cases, late recognition of objects in the zone plays a key role, and this happens due to improper forward lighting. So the main aim of this research is to provide enhanced nighttime safety measures by developing steerable dynamic headlights by considering most of the cases such as glare, curved roads, hill curves, and junctions. Also to react optimally based on the surrounding environment by interpreting the surrounding properly, an intelligent system has been developed to control the optimal movement of the headlight. Different kinds of tests were done on critical parts of the system, in order to determine its accuracy, its response time, and the system impact. Finally, the results acquired from these various tests are found satisfactory. It is a low-cost setup with minor modification on the doom of the headlight which will prevent the accidents due to improper lighting at nighttime.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Headlamp,Intelligent system,Optimized lighting system
Research on dynamic characteristics and reliability of a new heavy duty tractor	2019	Journal of Advanced Mechanical Design, Systems and Manufacturing	2019 The Japan Society of Mechanical EngineersHeavy duty tractor plays a vital role in traffic transport industry, in roads and building construction. In all of these applications, the structural failure of vehicle is the key issue in the process of safe running. This paper is devoted to the investigation of dynamic characteristics and fatigue reliability for the heavy duty tractor. Appling the non-similar substructure modeling technology, the novel integrated simulation model of heavy duty tractor is established. The total number of elements of the simulation model are reduced obviously from 4,380,449 to 117,065. A complete experimental process, which contains selecting digital acquisition module, the layout of sensors, the data processing, etc., is presented. The validity of the analysis method and the simulation model is verified by comparing with experimental results. The analysis methods of the random frequency domain and the multiaxial fatigue are employed to obtain the fatigue damage samples of heavy duty tractor. Meanwhile, the influences of confidence, pre-stress field and channel correlation on reliability are discussed. Moreover, on the basis of the system reliability distribution, the reliability of determined life and the index of B10 life are assessed. This study gives a reference for avoiding the structural failure and enhancing the system safety.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Confidence,Determined life,Dynamic characteristics,Fatigue reliability,Heavy duty tractor,Substructure
Trajectory tracking of quad-rotor UAV using fractional order piμDλ controller	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2019.Many real systems dynamic model can be better characterized using fractional-order dynamic model. The concept of fractional calculus has tremendous potential to control the systems behavior. The quad-rotor control problem presents a test bed for developing and testing new control design methodologies. Fractional- order controllers are being widely used to achieve the robust performance of nonlinear system. These approaches provides greater flexibility in designing of controllers for nonlinear time-varying systems, systems with large time delay, and systems which cannot be modeled perfectly. In this paper, fractional-order PIλDμ control approach for position control of quad-rotor UAV is proposed. Newton–Euler approach is used to formulate the quad-rotor’s dynamic model. The performance of designed fractional-order PIλDμ approach has been successfully analyzed through simulations of trajectory tracking. The genetic algorithm (GA) has been used to obtain optimal parameters of fractional-order PIλDμ controller for the desired system specifications.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Fractional-order controller,Nonlinear system,PIλDμ controller,Quad-rotor,Stability,UAV
Implementation of a Flexible Manufacturing System in a production cell of the automotive industry: Decision and choice	2019	Producao	2019, Associacao Brasileira de Engenharia de Producao.Paper aims: The purpose is to decide on the technology for the implementation of an FMS in a manufacturing cell that produces the coil for starting engines in a company of the Brazilian automotive industry. Originality: The mixed use of structured methods to support a semi-structured decision-making problem. Research method: The qualitative-quantitative modeling, relying on four competitive priorities of the manufacturing, cost, quality, flexibility, and delivery. The method considered three technological alternatives A1, a ladder-type layout, conveyor and pneumatic devices, A2, an open field layout and automatic guided vehicles, and A3, a robot-centered layout and robotic arms. Main findings: Two different methods arrived at the same conclusion. The best alternative is A3, which is also better than doing nothing. Implications for theory and practice: The complete description of a real-world case, embracing the decision-making process and the final choice and the difficulties faced by a decision analyst in supporting practitioners in solving a complex problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analytical hierarchy process,Automation,Flexible Manufacturing System,Industrial robots,Manufacturing strategy
A conceptual model for a cyber-social-technological-cognitive smart medium-size port	2019	Procedia Computer Science	2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.The medium port currently investigated is incorporating the concept of smart port into decision-making and operational activities. To determine the critical factors that show the existing gaps with those working with Industry 4.0, a systemic conceptual model for a smart medium-size port is designed for a hyperspace containing cyber-social-technological-cognitive domains (CSTC), where are related ideas, perceptions, information and knowledge that should have a highly automated port for efficient management and optimization of logistics processes. A sample of high-level executive experts from three medium ports made it possible to diagnose the CSTC development levels of Chilean ports in each of their domains, detecting gaps with respect to a smart port, identifying opportunities and giving recommendations to reach Industry 4.0 in the near future.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Chile	1	Computer Science (all)	cyber-social-technological-cognitive model,diagnosis,gaps,smart medium port
DMN for Data Quality Measurement and Assessment	2019	Lecture Notes in Business Information Processing	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Data Quality assessment is aimed at evaluating the suitability of a dataset for an intended task. The extensive literature on data quality describes the various methodologies for assessing data quality by means of data profiling techniques of the whole datasets. Our investigations are aimed to provide solutions to the need of automatically assessing the level of quality of the records of a dataset, where data profiling tools do not provide an adequate level of information. As most of the times, it is easier to describe when a record has quality enough than calculating a qualitative indicator, we propose a semi-automatically business rule-guided data quality assessment methodology for every record. This involves first listing the business rules that describe the data (data requirements), then those describing how to produce measures (business rules for data quality measurements), and finally, those defining how to assess the level of data quality of a data set (business rules for data quality assessment). The main contribution of this paper is the adoption of the OMG standard DMN (Decision Model and Notation) to support the data quality requirement description and their automatic assessment by using the existing DMN engines.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Business and International Management,Information Systems,Modeling and Simulation,Information Systems and Management	Data quality,Data quality assessment,Data quality measurement,Decision Model and Notation
Experimental validations on vision-based path tracking with preview four wheel steering control	2019	ASME 2019 Dynamic Systems and Control Conference, DSCC 2019	Copyright  2019 ASMEIn this paper, a vision-based path-tracking control strategy using four-wheel steering (4WS) is experimentally investigated via an automated ground vehicle (AGV). A low-cost monocular camera is used to continuously perceive the upcoming lane boundaries via capturing the preview road image frames. Based on the applied image processing algorithms, the vehicle lateral offset error with respect to the road center line and the heading angle error with respect to the road curvature are calculated in real time for the control purpose. The 4WS path-tracking controller is designed to minimize the two path-tracking errors of the AGV. The AGV with the 4WS system is utilized to perform the experimental tests on road to validate the path-tracking control design. For comparison, the road test is also conducted for the path-tracking control with only the front wheel steering. The experimental results show that the proposed 4WS is able to achieve better path-tracking performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Automated tumor assessment of squamous cell carcinoma on tongue cancer patients with hyperspectral imaging	2019	Progress in Biomedical Optics and Imaging - Proceedings of SPIE	2019 SPIE.Head and neck cancer (HNC) includes cancers in the oral/nasal cavity, pharynx, larynx, etc., and it is the sixth most common cancer worldwide. The principal treatment is surgical removal where a complete tumor resection is crucial to reduce the recurrence and mortality rate. Intraoperative tumor imaging enables surgeons to objectively visualize the malignant lesion to maximize the tumor removal with healthy safe margins. Hyperspectral imaging (HSI) is an emerging imaging modality for cancer detection, which can augment surgical tumor inspection, currently limited to subjective visual inspection. In this paper, we aim to investigate HSI for automated cancer detection during image-guided surgery, because it can provide quantitative information about light interaction with biological tissues and exploit the potential for malignant tissue discrimination. The proposed solution forms a novel framework for automated tongue-cancer detection, explicitly exploiting HSI, which particularly uses the spectral variations in specific bands describing the cancerous tissue properties. The method follows a machine-learning based classification, employing linear support vector machine (SVM), and offers a superior sensitivity and a significant decrease in computation time. The model evaluation is on 7 ex-vivo specimens of squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue, with known histology. The HSI combined with the proposed classification reaches a sensitivity of 94%, specificity of 68% and area under the curve (AUC) of 92%. This feasibility study paves the way for introducing HSI as a non-invasive imaging aid for cancer detection and increase of the effectiveness of surgical oncology.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Biomaterials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	Cancer detection,Hyperspectral imaging,Image classification,Image-guided surgery,Intraoperative tumor detection,Support vector machine,Tongue cancer
Automatic trajectory and instrument planning for robot-assisted spine surgery	2019	Progress in Biomedical Optics and Imaging - Proceedings of SPIE	2019 SPIE.Purpose. We report the initial implementation of an algorithm that automatically plans screw trajectories for spinal pedicle screw placement procedures to improve the workflow, accuracy, and reproducibility of screw placement in freehand navigated and robot-assisted spinal pedicle screw surgery. In this work, we evaluate the sensitivity of the algorithm to the settings of key parameters in simulation studies. Methods. Statistical shape models (SSMs) of the lumbar spine were constructed with segmentations of L1-L5 and bilateral screw trajectories of N=40 patients. Active-shape model (ASM) registration was devised to map the SSMs to the patient CT, initialized simply by alignment of (automatically annotated) single-point vertebral centroids. The atlas was augmented by definition of "ideal/reference" trajectories for each spinal pedicle, and the trajectories are deformably mapped to the patient CT. A parameter sensitivity analysis for the ASM method was performed on 3 parameters to determine robust operating points for ASM registration. The ASM method was evaluated by calculating the root-mean-square-error between the registered SSM and the ground-truth segmentation for the L1 vertebra, and the trajectory planning method was evaluated by performing a leave-one-out analysis and determining the entry point, end point, and angular differences between the automatically planned trajectories and the neurosurgeon-defined reference trajectories. Results. The parameter sensitivity analysis showed that the ASM registration algorithm was relatively insensitive to initial profile length (PLinitial) less than ∼4 mm, above which runtime and registration error increased. Similarly stable performance was observed for a maximum number of principal components (PCmax) of at least 8. Registration error ∼2 mm was evident with diminishing return beyond a number of ITERations, NITER, ∼2000. With these parameter settings, ASM registration of L1 achieved (2.0 ± 0.5) mm RMSE. Transpedicle trajectories for L1 agreed with reference definition by (2.6 ± 1.3) mm at the entry point, by (3.4 ± 1.8) mm at the end point, and within (4.9° ±2.8°) in angle. Conclusions. Initial results suggest that the algorithm yields accurate definition of pedicle trajectories in unsegmented CT images of the spine. The studies identified stable operating points for key algorithm parameters and support ongoing development and translation to clinical studies in free-hand navigated and robot-assisted spine surgery, where fast, accurate trajectory definition is essential to workflow.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Biomaterials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	Atlas-based registration,Automatic planning,Image-guided surgery,Surgical data science,Surgical robotics
Competency model for logistics employees in smart factories	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.New technologies are changing today’s logistics processes. The role of humans and the tasks they perform will therefore undergo decisive changes in the future. Companies will need to develop qualification strategies to cope with changing tasks, for which competency models are essential. Current research has dealt little with competency changes caused by the digitalization of automotive logistics. This leads to a lack of future-oriented competency models. Thus, this paper designs a competency model for logistics employees that integrates future competencies for operational and planning activities. General and logistics-specific competency models and studies on competency changes by digitalization are analyzed. The competency model created consists of professional, methodological, social, and personal competencies. It also considers the process for implementation and future adjustments. The model is applied and evaluated in selected logistics processes and identifies process-specific competencies and future changes. In addition, the competency model can conduce to strategic personal planning.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Competency development,Competency model,Future logistics,Human resource management,Smart factory
Hololens used for precise position tracking of the third party devices - Autonomous vehicles	2019	Communications - Scientific Letters of the University of Zilina	2019 University of Zilina. All rights reserved.A completely new area of HoloLens usage is proposed. The Hololens is an augmented reality device, which provides the high precision location information. Such an information is normally used to accurately position holograms within the real space with respect to the viewer (user of HoloLens). The information is precise enough to use it for reporting the position for the purpose of autonomous driving. Several experiments have been executed in vast areas (20m x 40m) in order to find out the potential error coming from vibrations or other effects when moving the HoloLens. The results show that the technology can be used for spaces, which are previously known by the system - pre-scan of the space is needed. The big advantage of the system is its readiness for indoor positioning applications with no additional infrastructure needed, simultaneous localization and mapping, complex space mapping and reached precision. The disadvantage is mainly the costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	4	Transportation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Infrastructure-less,Microsoft HoloLens,Position tracking
Fuzzy controller for autonomous vehicle based on rough sets	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This article presents a fuzzy controller for autonomous vehicle to intelligently recognize running environment and avoid an obstacle, which is constructed by rough sets (RSs) and an adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system (ANFIS). Firstly, RSs are considered to propose a pyramid normalization (PN) method for normalizing state parameters (SPs) which are defined to recognize relative position such as distance and angle among a vehicle, an obstacle and target pathway, to improve the adaptability of complex environment and optimize the database of driving knowledge. Secondly, ANFIS is employed to design a controller with self-position azimuth correction (SPAC) for performing trajectory tracking and obstacle avoidance. Finally, the proposed methods have been implemented on the model vehicle called 'RoboCar', and compared with various fuzzy control approaches such as the initial SPs with ANFIS, the normalized SPs with fuzzy neural network (FNN), and the initial SPs with FNN. Time, maximum tracking error and mean tracking error are calculated to evaluate the performance. The experimental results with four kinds of target pathways have shown that the PN-ANFIS-based controller has saved time (7.6%), reduced maximum tracking error (8.1%) and mean tracking error (8.5%).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system,Autonomous vehicle,Fuzzy controller,Pyramid normalization,State parameter
Designing Cyclic Schedules for Streaming Repetitive Job-Shop Manufacturing Systems with Blocking and No-Wait Constraints	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.We consider a problem of designing no-wait cyclic schedules for job-shop manufacturing system with repetitive transportation tasks that are defined by sequences of operations. Each operation is performed in a sector of manufacturing system using its resources, e.g. vehicles, machines, and takes some time for manufacturing and transportation. The sectors and their resources can be shared by several tasks in the exclusive mode. There are no buffers between sectors thus when a transportation car is in a sector it blocks this sector to other cars and cannot leave it until a sector which is required by the following operation in its transportation route is free. The repetitive transportation tasks performed in a manufacturing system are modelled as a system of cyclic processes executing sequences of operations and sharing common resources according to a mutual exclusion protocol. The problem consists in finding no-wait cyclic schedules for which no process (tasks) that started execution will wait for resources (sectors) required to execute its operations and each operation will be started immediately after finishing the previous one. The casade-like structure (C-LS) system of processes is considered. This system is structurally deadlock-free therefore no-buffer (resource blocking) constraint will never lead to deadlock state. The C-LS system of processes can be seen as a composition of subsystems with two cyclic processes sharing a single resource, namely 2-P subsystems. Using our recurrent integer modulus equations model (developed in our previous works) we find for each 2-P subsystem all possible start times of the processes (if exist) that belong to a no-wait schedule and construct all possible no-wait schedules for each component 2-P. Finally, we design cyclic no-wait schedules for the C-LS system by joining the cyclic schedules designed for its component 2-P subsystems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering	blocking,cascade-like structured systems,cyclic processes,cyclic schedules integration,cyclic scheduling,job-shop systems,no-wait constraints,Repetitive tasks,two processes sharing resource
Modelling of the Movement of Designed Vehicles on Parking Space for Designing Parking	2019	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Â 2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Nowadays, in all cities there is an acute problem of lack of parking spaces. The vehicles are becoming more and more not only in megacities, but also in small cities of the country, and there are no more parking places - the pace of solving the problem is several times slower than the speed of transport growth among the citizens. The article is dedicated to determination of the optimum sizes parking place for designing vehicles on parking space which is an element of the roads. On example of the passenger cars and trucks are determined optimum amount parking place. The results of research on the dimensioning of parking spaces, recommendations to use of the results for the design of objects of transportation infrastructure.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	1	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Auto train,Design vehicle,Parking space,Passenger car,Software AutoTURN,Trajectory,Truck,Turning radius of vehicles
A “Push-Pull” rearrangement while routing for a driverless delivery vehicle	2019	Cogent Engineering	2019,  2019 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license.A home delivery logistics network is able to deliver goods to the home in reusable smart-boxes transported by Driverless Delivery Vehicles (DDV). Since the delivery vehicle does not have a human driver, in this case, how to deliver, pick up and rearrange smart-boxes into the Driverless Delivery Vehicles efficiently during routing? In this paper, we combine the results of works on the high density storage system and the results of works which solve sub-optimally the (n2-1)-puzzle, for to propose a new “Rearrangement While Routing” strategy for a Driverless Delivery Vehicle based on “snake-line arrangement” and “Pull–Push Rearrangement”. Furthermore, we compare our strategy with three other strategies arrangement based on Manhattan Distance, Number of moves and a Hybrid arrangement combined both Manhattan Distance and Number of moves. The results show that the proposed “Pull–Push Rearrangement” is most efficient in terms number of moves and displacements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Morocco	0	Computer Science (all),Chemical Engineering (all),Engineering (all)	driverless-delivery vehicle,high-density storage,physical internet,Puzzle-based storage,rearrangement while routing
Manufacturing systems: Their simulation modelling methods and other intelligent systems	2019	Journal of Manufacturing Technology Research	Nova Science Publishers, Inc.Manufacturing systems have evolved tremendously from a traditional approach to the introduction of cyber physical systems and automation which enabled simulations to be performed and solving complex stochastic-deterministic problems. Simulations are improving year after year and apart from implementing it as a long-term decision maker in design phase only, it has also been incorporated into manufacturing operations such as scheduling, sequencing and dispatching as a short term decision maker. This effect has been fuelled by increase in computational speed of the computers. In this paper, a review has been presented of all the components in the manufacturing system design and operation with various examples of implementation of simulation into these components. The three different types of simulation methods that are commonly used in manufacturing systems, their support aids, intelligent and expert systems to give an idea of the structure of simulation models in industries and research have also been explained.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Design,Discrete event simulation,Manufacturing systems,Operation,Optimization,Scheduling,Simulation models
Quantifying the influence of FMS on the productivity of a firm	2019	International Journal of Process Management and Benchmarking	Copyright  2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The manufacturing organisations adopt flexible manufacturing systems to meet the challenges imposed by today’s volatile market standards. An FMS is designed to combine the efficiency of a mass production line and the flexibility of a job shop to produce a variety of products on a group of machines. Productivity is a key factor in a flexible manufacturing system performance. Despite the advantages offered, the implementation of FMS has not been very popular especially in developing countries as it is very difficult to quantify the factors favouring FMS implementation. For its successful implementation, technological considerations, cost justification as well as strategic benefits are to be weighted. Therefore an attempt has been made in the present work to identify and categorise various productivity factors influenced by the implementation of FMS in a firm, further these factors are quantitatively analysed to find their inhibiting strength using graph theoretic approach (GTA). GTA is a powerful approach which synthesises the inter-relationship among different variables or subsystems and provides a synthetic score for the entire system. So using this approach a numerical index is proposed in this work to evaluate and rank the various productivity factors so that the practising managers can have better focus.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Flexible manufacturing systems,FMS,Graph theoretic approach,GTA,Manufacturing,Productivity
Unified dynamic and geometrical vehicle guidance strategy to cope with the discontinuous reference trajectory	2019	Vehicle System Dynamics	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The most lateral vehicle guidance controllers proposed in the literature require a continuous reference trajectory. However, the controller performance can be deteriorated when the use of discontinuous reference trajectory in terms of position is unavoidable. In fact, this last leads to a large tracking error generating a large steering angle decreasing the vehicle manoeuvrability. To address this problem, a unified lateral guidance controller combining both dynamic and geometric approaches is presented. The main advantage of this controller is the use of few tuning parameters to modify the lateral guidance dynamic performance and to reduce the impact of the discontinuous reference trajectory. The effectiveness of the developed approach is evaluated through several simulations with a realistic vehicle model using CarMaker IPG.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mechanical Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,discontinuous reference trajectory,dynamic guidance approach,lateral guidance,LOS-geometric algorithm
Autonomous Underwater Vehicle Vision Guided Docking Experiments Based on L-Shaped Light Array	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.In order to realize recovery of an autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV), the L-shaped light array installed at the bottom of the fork-carrying-pole docking device is designed, and the visual positioning algorithm based on the L-shaped light array is proposed. The L-shaped light array is identified by a camera installed on the abdomen of the AUV, the relative position deviation from the AUV and the light array is calculated, and the AUV is docked according to the obtained positional deviation. The monocular four-degree-of-freedom positioning algorithm for AUV solves the problem of missing part of the target light source. Judging the heading angle is improved when the AUV has a longitudinal inclination (heeling angle). The docking experiment of AUV recovery is carried out to verify the feasibility of the L-shaped light array as visual guidance and the stability of the positioning algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Autonomous underwater vehicle,L-shaped light array,positioning algorithm,vision guidance
A research into the reliability of equipment-integrated system regarding high-speed train based on network model	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The equipment-integrated system with highly coupled and correlated characteristics has become the main mode of the modern production system. Reliability plays an important role in the production of the system and its normal and efficient operation. Firstly, aimed at the composition of equipment-integrated system and its working mechanism, a method for evaluating the reliability of the node based on the network model is proposed in this paper, including correlation reliability of node, use reliability of node. Secondly, reliability calculation model of equipment-integrated system based on improved Markov is established considering the analysis of the basic structure principle and fault statistic method of high-speed train system. Thirdly, through the quantitative analysis of the reliability network model of the traction supply system, the reliability of the subsystem and the components of the system are calculated, with the key nodes of the system obtained by the structure analysis of the system. Results show that the network model is suitable for equipment-integrated system regarding high-speed train, and the modeling process from the local point to the whole system is simple and effective. With the network model of traction supply subsystem, the reliability of subsystems and components of the system are obtained, which provide a basis for the maintenance of the equipment-integrated system with respect to the high-speed train.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Equipment-integrated system,high-speed train,Markov process,network theory,reliability model
Vehicle Dynamics State Estimation and Localization for High Performance Race Cars	2019	IFAC-PapersOnLine	2019, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Autonomous driving requires accurate information about the vehicle pose and motion state in order to achieve precise tracking of the planned trajectory. In this paper we propose a robust architecture to localize a high performance race car and show experimental results with speeds up to 150 km h-1 and utilizing approximately 80% of the available friction level. The concept has been applied using the development vehicle DevBot taking part in the Roborace competition. To achieve robust and reliable performance, we use two independent localization pipelines, one based on GPS and one on LIDARs. We propose to fuse them via a Kalman Filter based on a purely kinematic model and show, that it can outperform a high fidelity model under realistic race conditions. An outstanding property of this concept is that it does not depend on any of the vehicles parameter and is therefore robust to varying tire and track conditions. Further we present an adaption method for the measurement covariances based on the track layout. This allows to combine the strengths of each localization method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous Vehicles,Kalman Filters,Robust Performance,Sensor Fusion,State Estimation
Straight and curve lane detection system for car safety using hough transform and sobel operator	2019	International Journal of Advanced Trends in Computer Science and Engineering	2019, World Academy of Research in Science and Engineering. All rights reserved.Vehicle safety is the most important strategy used to address the international and national road casualty reduction targets to achieve a safer road traffic system. Traffic accidents are mainly caused by human mistakes such as lack of concentration, misbehavior and distraction. The vision based lane detection system is a valuable way to protect single vehicle from accident. In this paper a lane detection method for detecting the lanes accurately is proposed. Also the canny algorithm is determined as the edge detection algorithm and Hough transform method is selected as the efficient way to detect lanes. To meet the real requirement, the region of interest (ROI) is defined to reduce noise properly for accurate results and to enhance the processing speed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Canny Algorithm,Edge Detection,Feature Extraction,Hough Transform,Lane Detection,Region of Interest(ROI)
An AHP-based comparison between automated and manual material handling systems in FMS environment	2019	International Journal of Productivity and Quality Management	Copyright  2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Flexible manufacturing is a process which permits production systems to perform under high customised production needs. The goals of manufacturing systems like minimum inventories, improved quality, enhanced technical performance and reduction of cost can be achieved by implementing the FMS. Material handling system plays a very important role and consumes a significant amount of cost and time in flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Since a lot of factors affect the material handling system, so selection of best suitable material handling system which optimises all these factors is a big problem before any material manager. The purpose of this study is to present a multi-criteria decision making comparison model which would be very useful for choosing better alternative between automated and manual material handling system (MMHS). Analytical hierarchy process (AHP)-based comparison is performed upon these attributes to select the best alternative between manual material handling system and automated material handling system (AMHS).	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AHP,Analytical hierarchy process,Attributes,Flexible manufacturing system,FMS,Material handling system,Weightage
Productivity improvement of an eco friendly warehouse using multi objective optimal robot trajectory planning	2019	International Journal of Productivity and Quality Management	2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Production of environment is one of the top rated objectives of all countries. 10% emission of CO2 in the world is from logistics industries due to freight transports and warehousing operations. Green logistics is an important step to minimise ecological impacts of the logistics operations. Green environment in a warehouse plays a mandatory role in green logistics. Automation, robotics and smart systems give a good contribution in making the warehouse environment clean and green. A method for productivity improvement of a green warehouse using multi objective optimal trajectory planning of a warehouse robot is proposed in this paper. Mixed load palletising operation (build-to-order palletising) is considered. Two multi objective optimisation algorithms such as multi objective particle swarm optimisation (MOPSO) and multi objective differential evolution (MODE) are used. A numerical example on an Industrial robot (MTAB ARISTO 6XT robot) is presented. An economic and productivity analysis is carried out. The obtained results proved that the multi objective optimisation on warehouse robot trajectory planning enhances supply chain productivity and profits.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Eco friendly warehouse robot,Green logistics,Green supply chain,Mixed load palletising,MODE,MOPSO,Multi objective differential evolution,Multi objectives,Optimal trajectory planning,Productivity improvement
Virtual power plant management in smart grids with XMPP based IEC 61850 communication	2019	Energies	2019 by the authors.Communication plays a key role in the effective management of virtual power plants (VPPs). For effective and stable operation of VPPs, a reliable, secure, and standardized communication infrastructure is required. In the literature, efforts were made to develop this based on industry standards, such as the IEC 60870-5-104, OpenADR 2.0b and IEC 61850. Due to its global acceptance and strong object-oriented information models, IEC 61850 standard-based communication is preferred for smart grid operations, including VPPs. However, communication models based on IEC 61850 present cybersecurity and scalability challenges. To address this issue, this paper presents an eXtensible Message Presence Protocol (XMPP)-based IEC 61850 communication for VPPs. Firstly, a full mapping of IEC 61850 messages for VPP energy management is carried out. Secondly, XMPP-based single- and multiple-domain communications are demonstrated. Finally, a federation concept has been added to facilitate communication in multi-domain communication networks. These models show that a standard communication model can be implemented with IEC 61850 and XMPP, not only for VPPs but other wide-area communication implementations in smart grids. This not only facilitates plug-and-play (PnP) with easy component additions but secures smart grid communication against cyber-attacks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	5	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cybersecurity,Energy management,EXtensible Message Presence Protocol (XMPP),IEC 61850 communication,Scalability,Virtual power plant
An Empirical Study on Low Emission Taxiing Path Optimization of Aircrafts on Airport Surfaces from the Perspective of Reducing Carbon Emissions	2019	Energies	2019 MDPI AG. All rights reserved.Aircraft emissions are the main cause of airport air pollution. One of the keys to achieving airport energy conservation and emission reduction is to optimize aircraft taxiing paths. The traditional optimization method based on the shortest taxi time is to model the aircraft under the assumption of uniform speed taxiing. Although it is easy to solve, it does not take into account the change of the velocity profile when the aircraft turns. In view of this, this paper comprehensively considered the aircraft's taxiing distance, the number of large steering times and collision avoidance in the taxi, and established a path optimization model for aircraft taxiing at airport surface with the shortest total taxi time as the target. The genetic algorithm was used to solve the model. The experimental results show that the total fuel consumption and emissions of the aircraft are reduced by 35% and 46%, respectively, before optimization, and the taxi time is greatly reduced, which e	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Carbon emission,Carbon emission,Pollutants emissions,Reduction,Taxi path optimization,Taxi time,Taxiing on airport surfaces
Design and test of stem diameter inspection spherical robot	2019	International Journal of Agricultural and Biological Engineering	2019, Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All rights reserved. Stem diameter is an important parameter in the process of plant growth which can indicate the growth state and moisture content of the plant, its automatic detection is necessary. Traditional devices have many drawbacks that limit their practical uses in general case. To solve those problems, a stem diameter inspection spherical robot was proposed in this paper. The particular mechanism of the robot has turned out to be suitable for performing monitoring tasks in greenhouse mainly due to its spherical shape, small size, low weight and traction system that do not produce soil compacting or erosion. The mechanical structure and hardware architecture of the spherical robot were described, the algorithm based on binocular stereo vision was developed to measure the stem diameter of the plant. The effectiveness of the prototype robot was confirmed by field experiments in a tomato greenhouse. The results showed that the machine measurement data was linearly related to the manual measurement data with R 2 of 0.9503. There was no significant difference for each attribute between machine measurement data and manual measurement data (sig > 0.05). The results showed that this method was feasible for nondestructive testing of the stem diameter of greenhouse plants.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Engineering (all)	Binocular stereo vision,Census transform,Spherical robot,Stem diameter inspection
A deadlock resolution strategy based on spiking neural P systems	2019	Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.Deadlock resolution is a classic problem faced by operating and database systems. It not only affects the utilization of system resources, but also may bring unpredictable consequences to the events corresponding to deadlock processes. Spiking neural P systems (SN P systems) are neural networks built upon membrane computing models inspired by neuron communication via excitatory and inhibitory spikes. We explore the application of SN P systems to the optimal revocation of deadlock processes in order to overcome deficiencies in traditional deadlock resolution methods such as exhaustive method and time cost method. Our system determines the optimal order of revocation by calculating the time cost associated with the deadlock release process. Compared to the exhaustive method and time cost method, our system significantly reduces the time complexity of the deadlock revocation process, improving deadlock resolution efficiency and offering more opportunities for parallelism.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Computer Science (all)	Deadlock,Membrane computing,Spiking neural P systems,Time complexity
A scalable real-time tracking and monitoring architecture for logistics and transport in RoRo terminals	2019	Procedia Computer Science	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Supply chain management and complex logistics compel constant monitoring and handling of even more growing shipment chains. Therefore, it prompts the necessity to track and trace goods, for ensuring the control and management of the different logistics operations. In port terminals, tracking and tracing cargo is primitive for smooth and flexible services. Technologies such as RFID, GPS, RTLS, etc. are widely used for monitoring cargo flow in the logistics chain. In light of this, this paper proposes a novel architecture based on auto-ID technologies like QRcode, Barcode, Magnetic card ID to support real-time tracking of vehicles in a RoRo terminal and provide their stay time as well as processing time in each service. The modeled system aims to solve dynamic logistics process management problems, monitor rolling cargo, identify similar behavior as well as increase traffic flow and reduce check-in time. Design/approach: The proposed architecture provides a real-time tracking capability. It tracks a vehicle in each area of the terminal through a portal that identify it using a barcode, a QRcode or a magnetic ID card. The system performs the process logic checking/reasoning and provides process knowledge support. Originality: The proposed architecture is a novel approach which leverages the logistics performance in RoRo terminals and facilitates the tracking of vehicles and provides a real-time knowledge support on processes for those who handle logistics operations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Morocco	0	Computer Science (all)	Barcode,Logistics,Monitoring,Process mining,Processing,QRcode,RoRo terminal,Seaport,Stay time,Tracking
Dynamic Global Behaviour of Online Routing Games	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In order to ensure global behaviour of decentralized multi-agent systems, we have to have a clear understanding of the issue of equilibrium over time. Convergence to the static equilibrium is an important question in the evolutionary dynamics of multi-agent systems. The evolutionary dynamics is usually investigated in repeated games which capture the evolutionary dynamics between games. The evolutionary dynamics within a game is investigated in online routing games. It is not known if online routing games converge to the static equilibrium or not. The progress beyond the state-of-the-art is that we introduce the notion of intertemporal equilibrium in the study of the evolutionary dynamics of games, we define quantitative values to measure the intertemporal equilibrium, we use these quantitative values to evaluate a realistic scenario, and we give an insight into the influence of intertemporal expectations of the agents on the intertemporal equilibrium. An interesting result is that the prediction service, which is engineered into the environment of the multi-agent system as a novel type of coordination artifact, greatly influences the global behaviour of the multi-agent system. The main contribution of our work is a better understanding of the engineering process of the intertemporal behaviour of multi-agent systems.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Agent theories and models,Agent-based and multi-agent systems,Coordination artifacts,Environment engineering
Robotic environment sensing based on semantic segmentation by deep learning 基于深度学习图像语义分割的机器人环境感知	2019	Jilin Daxue Xuebao (Gongxueban)/Journal of Jilin University (Engineering and Technology Edition)	2019, Editorial Board of Jilin University. All right reserved.A novel deep neural network architecture named Real Time Segmentation Network (RT-SegNet) based on SegNet is proposed, which can achieve pixel-wise semantic segmentation in real-time based on deep learning. The model has three modules, which are encoder, decoder and dimension reduction. In the encoder, a Feature Map Skip Superposition (FMSS) method is proposed to improve the performance of the feature extraction. In the decoder, an architecture named Light Decoder (LD) is redesigned. The number of convolution layers is reduced to speed up the training and inference time of the model. Finally, a convolutional Dimension Reduction Module (DRM) is designed to enhance the performance of the decoder by connecting encoder and decoder layer by layer. Compared with the original SegNet, mean Intersection over Union (IoU) of the RT-SegNet on the public datasets Cityscapes, SUN RGB-D Cam Vid, KITTI and our own dataset JLUData is promoted by 3.2%, 1.8%, 5.3%, 14.6% and 6.8%, respectively.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Multidisciplinary	Computer application,Deep learning,Environmental sensing,Robot,Semantic segmentation
Drones in manufacturing: exploring opportunities for research and practice	2019	Journal of Manufacturing Technology Management	2019, Omid Maghazei and TorbjǾrn Netland.Purpose: Although the industrial application of drones is increasing quickly, there is a scarcity of applications in manufacturing. The purpose of this paper is to explore current and potential applications of drones in manufacturing, examine the opportunities and challenges involved and propose a research agenda. Design/methodology/approach: The paper reports the result of an extensive qualitative investigation into an emerging phenomenon. The authors build on the literature on advanced manufacturing technologies. Data collected through in-depth interviews with 66 drone experts from 56 drone vendors and related services are analyzed using an inductive research design. Findings: Drones represent a promising AMT that is expected to be used in several applications in manufacturing in the next few years. This paper proposes a typology of drone applications in manufacturing, explains opportunities and challenges involved and develops a research agenda. The typology categorizes four types of applications based on the drones’ capabilities to “see,” “sense,” “move” and “transform.” Research limitations/implications: The proposed research agenda offers a guide for future research on drones in manufacturing. There are many research opportunities in the domains of industrial engineering, technology development and behavioral operations. Practical implications: Guidance on current and promising potentials of drones in manufacturing is provided to practitioners. Particularly interesting applications are those that help manufacturers “see” and “sense” data in their factories. Applications that “move” or “transform” objects are scarcer, and they make sense only in special cases in very large manufacturing facilities. Originality/value: The application of drones in manufacturing is in its infancy, but is foreseen to grow rapidly over the next decade. This paper presents the first academically rigorous analysis of potential applications of drones in manufacturing. An original and theory-informed typology for drone applications is a timely contribution to the nascent literature. The research agenda presented assists the establishment of a new stream of literature on drones in manufacturing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Advanced manufacturing technology,Manufacturing operations,Technological innovation
MPC track follower for self-driving cars	2019	IET Conference Publications	2019 Institution of Engineering and Technology. All rights reserved.In this paper, a comprehensive Model-Predictive-Control (MPC) controller that enables effective complex track maneuvering for Self-Driving Cars (SDC) is proposed. The paper presents the full design details and the implementation stages of the proposed SDC-MPC. The controller receives several input signals such as an accurate car position measurement from the localization module of the SDC measured in global map coordinates, the instantaneous vehicle speed, as well as, the reference trajectory from the path planner of the SDC. Then, the SDC-MPC generates a steering (angle) command to the SDC in addition to a throttle (speed/brake) command. The proposed cost function of the SDC-MPC (which is one of the main contributions of this paper) is very comprehensive and is composed of several terms. Each term has its own sub-objective that contributes to the overall optimization problem. The main goal is to find a solution that can satisfy the purposes of these terms according to their weights (contribution) in the combined objective (cost) function. Extensive simulation studies in complex tracks with many sharp turns have been carried out to evaluate the performance of the proposed controller at different speeds. The analysis shows that the proposed controller with its tuning technique outperforms the other classical ones like PID.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Kuwait	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous Driving,MPC Control,Self-Driving Car,Track Follower
Intralogistics and industry 4.0: Designing a novel shuttle with picking system	2019	Procedia Manufacturing	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)Intralogistics is increasingly a matter of research and development as a form of optimization, automation, integration and management of the flow of materials and information that circulate within a business unit. With a strong connection to material handling equipment and automation solutions, intralogistics has proved to be one of the main factors responsible for something that is already happening: a fourth industrial revolution where it is possible to convert warehouses and manufacturing units into smart environments where the entire process can be controlled and supervised through a single system. It became necessary to develop more innovative and efficient solutions to the constant diversity of challenges proposed by the market. In this sense, it was proposed to develop something innovative within the area of Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems (AS/RS), a technology increasingly sought after by today's manufacturing plants. As such, the goal was to improve the most emergent AS/RS in recent years: the Pallet/Box Shuttle AS/RS. In order to achieve the proposed objective, it was necessary to analyze all the existing solutions in the market and, mainly, to find the main systems to be improved and the direction to follow in order to create a novel solution based on the existing advanced solutions. Moreover, regarding the recent needs required by the smart factories and Industry 4.0, it was intended that the new system would be able to make an optimized selection of products, forming sets or sub-sets of different products picking them from different places of the rack, a situation that is quite frequent in companies that produce and assemble equipment. The solution obtained shows that it is possible to increase the automation of the operations in the storage systems and improve the responsiveness of the system, taking this solution to a new level. Different products can be picked-up and put in a same box, providing a set of products/components able to be used in a production line or to be provided to a customer.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automated storage,Automatic Picking,Automatic Storage,Computer Integrated Manufacturing,Indistry 4.0,Intralogistics,Retrieval systm,Shuttle vehicle
A new path planning method based on concave polygon convex decomposition and artificial bee colony algorithm	2019	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2019.Free space algorithms are kind of graphics-based methods for path planning. With previously known map information, graphics-based methods have high computational efficiency in providing a feasible path. However, the existing free space algorithms do not guarantee the global optimality because they always search in one connected domain but not all the possible connected domains. To overcome this drawback, this article presents an improved free space algorithm based on map decomposition with multiple connected domains and artificial bee colony algorithm. First, a decomposition algorithm of single-connected concave polygon is introduced based on the principle of concave polygon convex decomposition. Any map without obstacle is taken as single-connected concave polygon (the convex polygon map can be seen as already decomposed and will not be discussed here). Single concave polygon can be decomposed into convex polygons by connecting concave points with their visible vertex. Second, decomposition algorithm for multi-connected concave polygon (any map with obstacles) is designed. It can be converted into single-connected concave polygon by excluding obstacles using virtual links. The map can be decomposed into several convex polygons which form multiple connected domains. Third, artificial bee colony algorithm is used to search the optimal path in all the connected domains so as to avoid falling into the local minimum. Numerical simulations and comparisons with existing free space algorithm and rapidly exploring random tree star algorithm are carried out to evaluate the performance of the proposed method. The results show that this method is able to find the optimal path with high computational efficiency and accuracy. It has advantages especially for complex maps. Furthermore, parameter sensitivity analysis is provided and the suggested values for parameters are given.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	artificial bee colony (ABC),free space,map decomposition,Path planning
Multiobjective model-free learning for robot pathfinding with environmental disturbances	2019	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2019.This article addresses the robot pathfinding problem with environmental disturbances, where a solution to this problem must consider potential risks inherent in an uncertain and stochastic environment. For example, the movements of an underwater robot can be seriously disturbed by ocean currents, and thus any applied control actions to the robot cannot exactly lead to the desired locations. Reinforcement learning is a formal methodology that has been extensively studied in many sequential decision-making domains with uncertainty, but most reinforcement learning algorithms consider only a single objective encoded by a scalar reward. However, the robot pathfinding problem with environmental disturbances naturally promotes multiple conflicting objectives. Specifically, in this work, the robot has to minimise its moving distance so as to save energy, and, moreover, it has to keep away from unsafe regions as far as possible. To this end, we first propose a multiobjective model-free learning framework, and then proceed to investigate an appropriate action selection strategy by improving a baseline with respect to two dimensions. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed learning framework and evaluate the performance of three action selection strategies, we also carry out an empirical study in a simulated environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	model-free learning,Multiobjective,pathfinding,uncertainty
Topological map construction based on region dynamic growing and map representation method	2019	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.In the human-machine interactive scene of the service robot, obstacle information and destination information are both required, and both kinds of information need to be saved and used at the same time. In order to solve this problem, this paper proposes a topological map construction pipeline based on regional dynamic growth and a map representation method based on the conical space model. Based on the metric map, the construction pipeline can initialize the region growth point on the trajectory of the mobile robot. Next, the topological region is divided by the region dynamic growth algorithm, the map structure is simplified by the minimum spanning tree, and the similar region is merged by the region merging algorithm. After that, the parameter TM (topological information in the map) and the parameter OM (occupied information in the map) are used to represent the topological information and the occupied information. Finally, a topological map represented by the colored picture is saved by converting to color information. It is highlighted that the topological map construction pipeline is not limited by the structure of the environment, and can be automatically adjusted according to the actual environment structure. What's more, the topological map representation method can save two kinds of map information at the same time, which simplifies the map representation structure. The experimental results show that the map construction method is flexible, and that resources such as calculation and storage are less consumed. The map representation method is convenient to use and improves the efficiency of the map in preservation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Human-machine interactive navigation,Mobile robot,Regional growth,Topological map
Unmanned Ground Vehicles in Precision Farming Services: An Integrated Emulation Modelling Approach	2019	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Autonomous systems are a promising alternative for safely executing precision farming activities in a 24/7 perspective. In this context Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs) are used in custom agricultural fields, with sophisticated sensors and data fusion techniques for real-time mapping and navigation. The aim of this study is to present a simulation software tool for providing effective and efficient farming activities in orchard fields and demonstrating the applicability of simulation in routing algorithms, hence increasing productivity, while dynamically addressing operational and tactical level uncertainties. The three dimensional virtual world includes the field layout and the static objects (orchard trees, obstacles, physical boundaries) and is constructed in the open source Gazebo simulation software while the Robot Operating System (ROS) and the implemented algorithms are tested using a custom vehicle. As a result a routing algorithm is executed and enables the UGV to pass through all the orchard trees while dynamically avoiding static and dynamic obstacles. Unlike existing sophisticated tools, the developed mechanism could accommodate an extensive variety of agricultural activities and could be transparently transferred from the simulation environment to real world ROS compatible UGVs providing user-friendly and highly customizable navigation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	1	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Orchard field,Precision farming,Real-time navigation,Robot Operating System,UGV simulation
Comprehensive Development and Control of a Path-Trackable Mecanum-Wheeled Robot	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This paper presents an intuitively straightforward yet comprehensive approach in developing and controlling a Mecanum-wheeled robot (MWR), with decent path tracking performance by using a simple controller as an end objective. The development starts by implementing two computer ball mice as sensors to realize a simple localization that is immune toward wheel slippage. Then, a linearization method by using open-loop step responses is carried out to linearize the actuations of the robot. Open-loop step response is handy, as it directly portrays the non-linearity of the system, thus achieving effective counteraction. Then, instead of creating a lookup table, polynomial regression is used to generate an equation in which the equation later represents an element of the linearizer. Next, a linear angle-to-gain (LA-G) method is introduced for path tracking control. The method is as easy as just linearly maps the summation of two angles-the angle between immediate and desired positions and the MWR's heading angle, into gains to control the wheels. Unlike the conventional control method which involves inverse kinematics, the LA-G method is directly a displacement-controlled approach and does not require the knowledge of parametric values, such as the robot's dimensions and wheel radius. Finally, all the methods are implemented, and the MWR experimentally demonstrates successfully tracking various paths, by merely using proportional controllers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	linearization,Localization,Mecanum wheel,motion control,path tracking
Dynamic Switch Control of Steering Modes for Four Wheel Independent Steering Rescue Vehicle	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.For the sake of realizing dynamic switch among three steering modes for the four wheel independent steering (4WIS) rescue vehicle in the non-stop state, the switch control strategy and the optimized wheel switch trajectory are studied in this paper. Aiming at ensuring the constant turning radius of the 4WIS rescue vehicle in the switch process of steering modes, the steering angle relationships between the driving wheel and driven wheels are derived, and the desired driving wheel angle of the target steering mode is calculated. The B-spline curve is proposed to design the switch trajectory of the driving wheel. Two objectives including minimizing the sudden change of vehicle dynamic parameters and minimizing the energy consumption in the switch process are discussed. A multi-objective genetic algorithm (MOGA) based on non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm II (NSGA-II) is proposed to deal with the optimization problem of the wheel switch trajectory. The numerical simulations based on Matlab/Simulink indicate that the presented algorithm can generate the Pareto optimal solutions and is suitable for the optimization of the wheel switch trajectory. In addition, the proposed switch control strategy of steering modes for the 4WIS rescue vehicle in the non-stop state is validated to be reasonable and effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	constant turning radius,dynamic switch of steering modes,Four wheel independent steering (4WIS) rescue vehicle,multi-objective genetic algorithm (Moga),optimal switch trajectory
A robotic tool for magnetic micromanipulation of cells in the presence of an ambient fluid flow	2019	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	Copyright  2019 ASME.This paper reports an automated image-guided microrobotic tool to perform nonprehensile magnetic manipulation of large (of the order of few hundreds of microns) microscopic biological objects in the presence of an ambient fluid flow. The developed tool comprises of ferromagnetic microrobots actuated by electromagnetic coils arranged in a quadrupole configuration, a DC power source, and a pulse width modulation (PWM) based controller to vary the coil currents. In order to accomplish the stated objective of automated micromanipulation task, a two-tier approach is adopted, namely, (1) generation of a feedback planning algorithm that invokes one of the two motion maneuvers, namely, ‘arrest’ and ‘move’ and (2) development of a proportional controller that determines the currents to be passed through the coils based on the maneuver invoked so that the resultant magnetic field actuates the ferromagnetic microrobot in the desired direction. A physical experiment was conducted and reported to authenticate the validity of the developed approach. We believe that the developed tool can be used to perform automated feedback controlled micromanipulation of large biological cells and cell aggregates in the presence of an ambient fluid flow especially in in-vivo environments. The inherent biocompatibility of the microbot material provides a possibility to functionalize it with living cells and/or appropriate chemicals rendering it feasible to implement drug delivery and also perform on-chip biological experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation	Cell manipulation,Feedback planner,Magnetic manipulation,Micromanipulation
The fusing framework between lifting carrier and tractor-Trailer for modern transportation	2019	Advances in Science, Technology and Engineering Systems	2019 ASTES Publishers. All rights reserved.The integrating model becomes one of key trends in engineering design. The more the product has functional specifications, the more the industrial consumer apply in many fields. In this paper, a fusion design of architecture platform for autonomous system is demonstrated. It is greater due to combining the specifications of various types in commercial market such as driving structure, multi-functional model or autonomous level. Therefore, plentiful advantages of systems are converged into one platform. From customer's requirements, the system parameters and specifications are offered to consult during the process of design. To compare with previous works, the enhancement of tractor-Trailer, lifting-carrier and auto-feeder using differential driving mechanism is merged successfully. The detailed design of prototype involves the development of hardware components and infrastructure. Later, the modeling of autonomous system is simulated on computer to meet the employed conditions. The force analyzing scheme helps to predict the working ability to complete their mission. To verify the proposed design, an experimental version of this system is tested in different cases. In mode of lifting carrier, the vehicle and cargo that become a rigid body, follow the reference trajectory in practical map. In another circumstance, vehicle plays a role as leader which take along with cargo, as follower. From these results, it can be seen that the proposed design is feasible, effective and capable in real world. In future works, a fleet of autonomous vehicles mixing multi-modes in the same map should be considered.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	2	Engineering (miscellaneous),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous),Management of Technology and Innovation	Robotics Motion Control Industrial Automation
Connected or Autonomous Trains?	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In a parallel with the trends in the automotive domain, we discuss the future challenges of automation of train control, where train to infrastructure and train to train communication will support distributed control algorithms, while on board artificial intelligence will provide autonomous control decisions. Already installed systems, like ERTMS-ETCS, are actually distributed systems that span over geographical areas and are able to safely control large physical systems. But still, crucial decisions are taken at centralized places, that concentrate communications with mobile objects. Several prospected advances, aimed at increasing capacity and automation of rail transport, go in the direction of a more dynamic network connection among mobile components, in which decisions are actually taken in a distributed way. A concept of dynamic safety envelope within which a train can safely move then emerges, built by a fusion of reliable information coming from the infrastructure and from other trains, as well as autonomously harvested by on-board “intelligent” sensors. This paper discusses some plausible scenarios in this respect and presents the basic concepts behind them.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Development of multiple-frequency wireless coordinative motor drives	2019	Progress In Electromagnetics Research C	2019, Electromagnetics Academy. All rights reserved.This paper proposes and implements a novel class of inductor-capacitor-capacitor wireless coordinative DC motor drives, which not only performs selective wireless power to motors, but also achieves power equalization to ensure the same operation for isolated robotic arms. The key is to make use of the selective wireless power transfer with several resonant frequencies and then use only one transmitter with the inductor-capacitor-capacitor compensation network to provide multiple-frequency transmission without relying on the switched-capacitor array. In order to provide simultaneous and independent wireless power to different motors and hence achieve the desired coordinative motion, a time-division multiplexing scheme and burst firing control are newly employed. Thus, the wireless power transfer system with multiple receivers can achieve better flexibility and simplicity. Both finite element analysis and experimental results are given to verify the validity of the proposed inductor-capacitorcapacitor wireless coordinative DC motor drive. As a result, the motors can achieve independent motion with 1200 rpm and simultaneous motion with 400 rpm when the torque is 10 Ncm, and the operating frequencies are set at 110 kHz and 130 kHz.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	None
Systematic and comparative analysis of techniques for SLAM development in mobile robotics	2019	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Copyright  2019 SPIE.In recent decades, great researchers have focused on the development of simultaneous localization and mapping. Thus, SLAM technology (Simultaneous Localization and Mapping) has gone through a great technological evolution over the years. The present investigative work shows a chronology of milestones in the evolution of the SLAM of mobile robotics until today with a comparison of the main techniques that have been developed, aiming to identify the most suitable algorithm to perform a generation of 3D SLAM in real time in terms to improve accuracy, speed, and robustness among other aspects. These features will help to reduce mapping reconstructions errors, to improve the localization of a robot, and to provide greater reliability of the environment worked. This analysis will be established under some specific research criteria and as a prelude to a project focused on making a mobile robot capable of providing relevant information for search and rescue of people in critical situations, situations in which where it will be essential to perform SLAM 3D reliably and in real time. Thus, the present work it is focused to do an important systematic analysis regarding mobile robotics on the need to reason in a world that is sometimes confusing, sometimes dynamic and changing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ecuador	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	localization,mapping,mobile robotics,SLAM,systematic review
Industry 4.0: Tools and implementation	2019	Management and Production Engineering Review	2019 Polish Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.With the increasing demand of customisation and high-quality products, it is necessary for the industries to digitize the processes. Introduction of computers and Internet of things (IoT) devices, the processes are getting evolved and real time monitoring is got easier. With better monitoring of the processes, accurate results are being produced and accurate losses are being identified which in turn helps increasing the productivity. This introduction of computers and interaction as machines and computers is the latest industrial revolution known as Industry 4.0, where the organisation has the total control over the entire value chain of the life cycle of products. But it still remains a mere idea but an achievable one where IoT, big data, smart manufacturing and cloud-based manufacturing plays an important role. The difference between 3rd industrial revolution and 4th industrial revolution is that, Industry 4.0 also integrates human in the manufacturing process. The paper discusses about the different ways to implement the concept and the tools to be used to do the same.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Business and International Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Big data,Cloud based manufacturing,Cyber physical system (cps),Industry 4.0,Internet of things,Smart manufacturing
Deep neural network based real-time kiwi fruit flower detection in an orchard environment	2019	Australasian Conference on Robotics and Automation, ACRA	2019 Australasian Robotics and Automation Association. All rights reserved.In this paper, we present a novel approach to kiwi fruit flower detection using Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to build an accurate, fast, and robust autonomous pollination robot system. Recent work in deep neural networks has shown outstanding performance on object detection tasks in many areas. Inspired this, we aim for exploiting DNNs for kiwi fruit flower detection and present intensive experiments and their analysis on two state-of-the-art object detectors; Faster R-CNN and Single Shot Detector (SSD) Net, and feature extractors; Inception Net V2 and NAS Net with real-world orchard datasets. We also compare those approaches to find an optimal model which is suitable for a real-time agricultural pollination robot system in terms of accuracy and processing speed. We perform experiments with dataset collected from different seasons and locations (spatio-temporal consistency) in order to demonstrate the performance of the generalized model. The proposed system demonstrates promising results of 0.919, 0.874, and 0.889 for precision, recall, and F1-score respectively on our real-world dataset, and the performance satisfies the requirement for deploying the system onto an autonomous pollination robotics system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Comparison of manual and automatic barcode detection in rough horticultural production systems	2019	International Journal of Agricultural and Biological Engineering	2019, Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All rights reserved.Automation of production in the nurseries of flower producing companies using barcode scanners have been attempted but with little success. Stationary laser barcode scanners which have been used for automation have failed due to the close proximity between the barcode and the scanner, and factors such as speed, angle of inclination of the barcode, damage to the barcode and dirt on the barcode. Furthermore, laser barcode scanners are still being used manually in the nurseries making work laborious and time consuming, thereby leading to reduced productivity. Therefore, an automated image-based barcode detection system to help solve the aforementioned problems was proposed. Experiments were conducted under different situations with clean and artificially soiled Code 128 barcodes in both the laboratory and under real production conditions in a flower producing company. The images were analyzed with a specific algorithm developed with the software tool Halcon. Overall the results from the company showed that the image-based system has a future prospect for automation in the nursery.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Engineering (all)	Automation,Barcode detection,Barcode scanners,Horticultural production systems,Image processing
Integral backstepping integral sliding mode control of underactuated nonlinear electromechanical systems	2019	Control Engineering and Applied Informatics	2019, Control Engineering and Applied Informatics Journal.This paper presents an integral backstepping integral sliding mode (IBISMC) based robust control scheme to asymptotically stabilize a class of underactuated nonlinear electromechanical systems (UNEMSs) at desired equilibria. Prior to the control design, the dynamic model of the aforesaid class is first transformed into a regular form which is more convenient for control design. This transformation subdivides the overall system's dynamics into a series cascaded form which are termed as internal dynamics and visible dynamics blocks while proceeding from the left side. A proportional integral based nonlinear virtual control laws are designed in a backstep manner and an integral sliding mode is introduced in the last step of the design. In this way, the overall system is controlled via a robust nonlinear control algorithm which results in zero steady state errors in each step and also provides robustness against step disturbances and matched uncertainties. The global asymptotic stability of each step is proved via Lyapunov candidate function. The applicability and benefits of this strategy are demonstrated via the simulation results of a cart-pendulum system. The results of the proposed strategy are also compared with the standard literature results to highlight its appealing nature for such class.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	0	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cart-pendulum,Integral backstepping,Integral sliding mode control,Underactuated systems
PKBPNN-Based Tracking Range Extending Approach for TMR Magnetic Tracking System	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The magnetic tracking system, which is based on a permanent magnet and a magnetometer array, has numerous potential applications in the biomedical and industrial area. However, its tracking accuracy drops off sharply with the increase of tracking distance because of both the interference of environmental magnetic field and sensor measurement noise. To extend the magnetic tracking range, two novel methods were proposed in this study. First, the state-of-the-art tri-axial tunnel magnetoresistance (TMR) sensors, which possess the most significant field sensitivity and signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) over other types of magnetoresistive sensors, were adopted to construct the sensor array. Second, a fusion approach was proposed for tracking range extending. The particle swarm optimization-Levenberg Marquardt (PSO-LM) method based on the magnetic dipole model was applied in the near field (i.e., near-source zone), and the prior knowledge based back propagation neural network (PKBPNN) was adopted to the far field (i.e., far-source zone). In the transition zone, these two algorithms were fused by using an adaptive sigmoid function. The trained artificial neural network (ANN) model embodied the physical model errors, the sensor installation errors, and the inherent characteristics of adopted magnetometers. Therefore, it has greater tracking performance than singly using the PSO-LM in the far-source zone. The experimental results show that the tracking errors decrease from (18.24 ± 9.37mm, 12.45 ± 3.37°) to (8.95 ± 1.74mm, 7.97 ± 2.08°) in the tracking range between 216 and 296 mm. Besides, the tracking distance is extended to 396 mm, with the position error of less than 25 mm. It can be concluded that this approach has significantly extended the tracking range of the magnetic tracking system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Back propagation neural network (BPNN),magnetic tracking,prior knowledge,TMR,tracking range
Scalable local features and hybrid classifiers for improving action recognition	2019	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2019 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.In recent years, action recognition techniques have played an increasingly important role in autonomous systems. However, the computational costs and precision of action recognition algorithms are still major challenges. Recently, a deep learning approachwas proposed to obtain a higher accuracy, but large and deep neural networks have high computational costs. This paper presents a new approach that allows for a significant reduction in computational time while slightly increasing the accuracy. The contribution consists of two parts: a scalable feature extraction method (SFE) and a hybrid model of different classifiers. First, the SFE method is proposed for application to histogram orientation-based feature descriptors, such as the histogram of orientated gradient (HOG), histogram of optical flow (HOF), and the motion boundary histogram (MBH). An advantage of SFE is its ability to quickly compute features. Scalable feature extraction enables accurate approximation of features extracted from traditional image pyramids by efficiently using only the original image. Our method is inspired by a special data structure used for storing basic information of optical flow and image gradients, which are computed from the original image and then used to extract features across multiple scales of the feature region without recomputing the image gradients and optical flow. Second, we focus on a hybrid classification method based on a linear support vector machine (SVM) and hidden conditional random field (HCRF) model that improves the recognition precision. This effort shows that a combination of SVM nd HCRF models provides a better accuracy than the traditional approaches. Experimental results illustrate that the proposed approach allows for both a significant reduction in computational time and an improved accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	Action recognition,Hybrid classification,Local feature descriptor,Scalable feature extraction
Empirical Based Ranging Error Mitigation in IR-UWB: A Fuzzy Approach	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Indoor tracking and navigation (ITN) mainly depend on indoor localization. An impulse radio ultra-wideband (IR-UWB) is the most advanced technology for precision indoor localization. Besides its precision, the IR-UWB also has low complex hardware, low power consumption, and a flexible data rate that makes it the ideal candidate for ITN. However, two significant challenges impede the achievement of high-resolution accuracy and optimum performance: non-line-of-sight (NLOS) channel condition and multipath propagation (MPP). To enhance the performance under these conditions, the ranging error is estimated and corrected using parameters' uncertainties. The uncertainties in the channel's parameters have a relationship with the error, and these uncertainties are induced due to the NLOS and MPP propagation conditions. The parameters are collected in real-time experimental setups in two different environments. A proposed fuzzy inference model utilizes these uncertainties and the relationship to estimate ranging errors. The model is evaluated, and its performance is gauged in terms of residual ranging error cumulative distribution, root mean square error, and outage probability parameters using experimental measurements and compared with the state-of-the-art work. Moreover, the proposed fuzzy model is evaluated for computational complexity in terms of execution time and compared with the state-of-the-art work. The time is estimated on the targeted embedded system. The experimental and simulated results show that the proposed model effectively minimizes the ranging errors and computational burden. Moreover, the model does not induce a delay in estimating ranging error due to the non-statistical based solution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	computational complexity,Fuzzy logic,impulse radio ultrawide band,indoor tracking and navigation,localization
People counting with overhead camera using fuzzy-based detector	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2019.This paper presents a novel fuzzy-based detector for overhead people counting in real-time using RGB camera. The approach, first, extracts the foreground from the subsequent frames using popular background subtraction method. Connected Component Analysis (CCA) is used to evaluate major axis, minor axis, area, and centroid for every blob in foregrounds. Using these properties for each blob, a detection parameter is evaluated. A membership value by a trained Gaussian Membership Function (GMF) is assigned to this detection parameter, which decides whether the blob is of a human being or not. Next, a novel centroid-based tracking algorithm is proposed for the counting operation. The proposed detector and counter are simple and fast. Several real-time experiments have been performed for the validation of the proposed approach. The results show that proposed approach is better than some of the state-of-the-art algorithms, and it is precise enough to be used in real-time environment.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Centroid,Foreground extraction,Fuzzy based detector,People counting
Fuzzy logic in auto-tuning of fractional PID and backstepping tracking control of a differential mobile robot	2019	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2019 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.The use of the fractional PID controller or simply PIλDμ has brought the addition of two new parameters, λ and μ. Although this results in a greater flexibility, they make the tuning of the controller more complex and slower. One solution to this is the use of fuzzy logic to perform a self-tuning of the parameters. Through its rules of inference, the algorithm can determine a better tuning in real time. This article presents a practical application of a PIλ self-tuned with the use of fuzzy logic, in a differential mobile robot. Three different types of speed controllers are presented. A lemniscate curve is used for the robot's trajectory tracking, with and without disturbance in the speed control of the wheels. Dynamic selection of better controller parameters is obtained by the fuzzy controller and applied on the speed control of the wheels of a mobile robot. A camera is used as feedback for the tracking controller, so the real pose estimated is acquired through image processing. The self-tuning controllers are evaluated, compared to a fixed-tuning controller, with its parameters being acquired through traditional, well consolidated methods. The implementation, practical results and conclusions are hereby presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	Backstepping control,fractional control,fuzzy logic,PID controller
The vehicle zoom ultra wide angle lens design by using liquid lens technology	2019	Microsystem Technologies	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.As camera technology develops, products have improved and people have an increasing demand for visual quality. To increase the field of view, many zooming modules have been designed, which has raised the cost of optic components, increased the amount of calculation required, and complicated image processing technology. To date, dashcam lenses are primarily a compensatory design that cannot autozoom. Developing technology with various focuses for use on different roads has become a critical topic for autopilot development. Possibilities include using a short focus on general roads and using a long focus for freeways. Dashcam lens design requires the ability to cover wide angles. The concept behind wide-angle zooming lenses is that when the focal length is the shortest, the widest monitoring range is achieved. To observe a point at a far distance, we can use optical zoom to increase the focal length, thereby enabling a view into the distance. At this time, the angular field of view is sacrificed. However, a reduction of the angular field of view leads to a reduction of distortion, which subsequently reduces the complexity of back-end image processing and leads to clearer images. The design in this study references the wide-angle lens patent US.20090080093 (Ning in Compact fisheye objective lens, U.S., Patent No. 20090080093, 2011) of Alex Ning, whose optical system consists of six spherical lenses. The angular field of view reached 170°. The total system length is 18 mm, and F/# is 3. The system focus is 1.652 mm. Four groups of liquid lenses were placed in this wide-angle lens. Altering the curvature and thickness of the liquid lenses changes the course of light and forms a new angular field of view. This system consists of three zoom settings, with fields of view being 170°, 160°, and 150°, respectively. The F/# was 2.4. The modulation transfer function at a spatial frequency of 1801 p/mm reached 6%, 0%, and 27%, respectively. F-Theta was controlled within ± 10%. The spot size was smaller than 4 μm, and the field curvature was smaller than ± 0.02 mm. The liquid lenses were successfully introduced into the wide-angle lens to achieve optical zoom without using a conventional mobile mechanical structure.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Liveness of Disjunctive and Strict Single-Type Automated Manufacturing System: An ROPN Approach	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The resource-oriented Petri net (ROPN) modeling method is applied in this paper to model a class of automated manufacturing systems (AMS) named disjunctive and strict single-type AMSs (DS-AMS), where multiple units of a single resource type are required to support a processing stage. This modeling method is more compact and intuitive than the existing ones in the contemporary literature, named weighted systems of simple sequential processes with resources. Based on the ROPN model, a significant result is re-proved in a different way, which is more succinct and understandable. Such a result presents a sufficient and necessary condition on the liveness of an ROPN. Furthermore, based on this result, we develop efficient strategies to ensure the liveness of an ROPN modeling a DS-AMS. To enforce the liveness of such an ROPN, only some specific transitions need to be controlled by taking advantage of its structural properties. Also, an efficient approach is developed to implement the proposed policy by identifying and controlling such transitions. Two examples are employed to demonstrate the efficiency of the developed method. Some limitations of the method are pointed out in the end, which will be studied in the future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated manufacturing system,deadlock prevention,resource-oriented Petri net (ROPN)
Evolutionary-based methods	2019	SpringerBriefs in Applied Sciences and Technology	2019, The Author(s).In the current section, several metaheuristics involving the evolutionary of a population in order to create new generations of genetically superior individuals are presented. These algorithms are usually significantly influenced by the most prominent (and earliest) among them, the Genetic Algorithm (GA). Details about their basic characteristics and function, as well as some important variants, are described and applications in the field of industrial engineering are highlighted. A detailed description of the basic features of the genetic algorithm is presented at the beginning of this chapter and afterwards, other Evolutionary Algorithms (EA) are summarized. In specific, both relatively older and well established, as well as newer but promising methods are included, namely Differential Evolutionary, Memetic Algorithm, Imperialist Competitive Algorithm, Biogeography-Based Optimization algorithm, Teaching-Learning-Based optimization, Sheep Flock Heredity algorithm, Shuffled Frog-Leaping algorithm, and Bacteria Foraging Optimization algorithm.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Greece	3	Biotechnology,Chemical Engineering (all),Mathematics (all),Materials Science (all),Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Engineering (all)	None
Parallel two-sided assembly line balancing with tools and tasks sharing	2019	Assembly Automation	2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: Parallel two-sided assembly lines are usually designed to produce large-sized products such as trucks and buses. In parallel two-sided assembly lines, both left and right sides of the line are used for manufacturing one or more products on two or more assembly lines located parallel to each other. The purpose of this paper is to develop a new mathematical model for the parallel two-sided assembly line balancing problem that helps to evaluate and validate the balancing operations of the machines such as removal of tools and fixtures and reallocating the operators. Design/methodology/approach: The proposed approach is explained with the help of an example problem. In all, 22 test problems are formed using the benchmark problems P9, P12, P16 and P24. The results obtained are compared among approaches of the task(s) shared, tool(s) shared and both tool(s) and task(s) shared for effect on efficiency as the performance measure. The solution presented here follows the exact solution procedure that is solved by Lingo 16 solver. Findings: Based on the experiments, line efficiency decreases when only tools are shared and increases when only tasks are shared. Results indicate that by sharing tasks and tools together, better line efficiency is obtained with less cost of tools and fixtures. Practical implications: According to the industrial aspect, the result of the study can be beneficial for assembly of the products, where tools and tasks are shared between parallel workstations of two or more parallel lines. Originality/value: According to the author’s best knowledge, this paper is the first to address the tools and tasks sharing between any pair of parallel workstations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assembly line balancing,Mathematical model,Parallel two-sided assembly line balancing,Task sharing,Tool sharing
A new mathematical model for the integrated solution of cell formation and part scheduling problem	2019	Gazi University Journal of Science	2019, Gazi University Eti Mahallesi. All rights reserved.In a cellular manufacturing system, three important decisions are to form cells, design the layout of cells, and schedule of parts in the cells. Most of the studies in this area have discussed these decisions separately and independently. However, for general system performance, it is important to consider these decisions in relation to each other, and integrated solutions are needed. But few studies include that two or more decisions are handled together. In this paper, a new mathematical model considers decisions both cell formation and part-scheduling in cells together is proposed. The objective function is designed in integrated manner and includes two objectives to minimize together. These objectives are to minimize the exceptional elements and makespan of the jobs. Numerical examples are provided in the paper to show that the model is valid and it can be applicable as practically. The test data are derived from the related literature and solved by GAMS software CPLEX solver. The results show that the performance of the cellular manufacturing systems in terms of formation of cells and scheduling of parts can be significantly improved by the proposed multi objective mathematical model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Engineering (all),Multidisciplinary	Cellular manufacturing systems,Exceptional elements,Mathematical model,Part scheduling
Modeling and analysis of carousel-based mixed-model flexible manufacturing system using colored Petri net	2019	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2019.This study aims to model, analyze, and evaluate performance of a flexible manufacturing system, constituting a carousel-based manufacturing and assembly cells layout, configured to produce mixed-model multiple products employing inter-/intra-cellular routing flexibility in which manufacturing and assembly resources are subject to working and failure modes. A hierarchical colored Petri net model is developed to analyze performance of the flexible manufacturing system. Colored Petri net modeling experiments have been conducted to evaluate the system performance for throughput, cycle time, and work-in-process. The system performance has been investigated in relation to material supply and handling system, process execution, and production resources reliability variables. Different input factors are considered for simulation modeling such as mean machining time, mean loading/unloading time, mean assembly time, buffer capacity, material supply inter-arrival time, number of operations between failures, and mean time to repair for production resources; a variation in input factors has shown a significant impact on system performance measures. The colored Petri net–based modeling, simulation, and analysis approach has been demonstrated as an efficient method for carousel-based mixed-model configured flexible manufacturing system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	0	Mechanical Engineering	Colored Petri net,flexible manufacturing system,machine failure,performance analysis,routing flexibility
Evaluation of performance factors of FMS by combined decision making methods as AHP, CMBA and ELECTRE methodology	2019	Management Science Letters	2019 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.Present research is aimed to analyze the performance factors of flexible manufacturing systems by combined decision-making methodologies like analytical hierarchy process (AHP), combinatorial mathematics-based approach (CMBA) and improved ELECTRE. Six variables affecting the three factors of performance of flexible manufacturing systems viz. productivity, flexibility and quality are considered for the evaluation of performance factors. The weights of the attributes are calculated with AHP and the index score is calculated with CMBA methodology. CMBA methodology is the fusion of AHP and GTMA. ELECTRE approach has been used for the outranking of factors. The results show that productivity had the maximum impact on the performance of manufacturing systems. A high Spearman’s rank correlation also exists among the methods used.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AHP,CMBA,Combinatorial mathematics,Decision making,ELECTRE,FMS
Manufacturing systems based on Petri nets: A bibliometric analysis	2019	Proceedings of the International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management	IEOM Society International.Bibliometric analysis is a statistical tool that can quantitatively measure and assess the research impact of a subject of interest. It focuses on identifying research strengths and weaknesses, assessing country contributions, and recognizing the impact of journals and top authors. Recently, a bibliometric analysis was applied to characterize the author's affiliation, citation habits, and research collaborations. Petri net tool is evolving rapidly and gaining popularity in the research community. This paper displays a public picture of research in Petri nets in manufacturing systems sciences by utilizing and analyzing indicators of bibliometric analysis. The main objective is that these indicators present a public review, determining the most effective and influential research around this field. The analysis of the study is partitioned into key areas that related to journals, papers, keywords, authors, and nations or countries. Moreover, the study aims to be informative and identifying most researches in this field. However, some very influential issues may omit if they are not included in the Web of Science database. The outcomes of the study give a clear roadmap for research in this field in future.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Saudi Arabia	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Bibliometric,Manufacturing system,Petri net,Web of science
On-Line Obstacle Detection, Avoidance, and Mapping of an Outdoor Quadrotor Using EKF-Based Fuzzy Tracking Incremental Control	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The unknown two-dimensional obstacles, including different shapes, numbers, locations, and in the vicinity of the planning path for an outdoor quadrotor, are on-line detected by a 360-degree Li-Dar Sweep Scanse. Based on the comparison among detected triangles containing extreme points of each obstacle, the central orientation of the triangle with the maximum detected distance and the angle larger than the specific threshold is assigned to fly a specific distance for obstacle avoidance. Nevertheless, the quadrotor probably encounters a dead end and is then navigated to a specific altitude for the continuous procedure of obstacle detection. By on-line detection at different waypoints for the same obstacle, an obstacle mapping is also established by all the obstacle detections. Since the sensing signals of an outdoor quadrotor are easily affected by stochastic noise and the quadrotor is operated in 'x' configuration, an extended Kalman filter based fuzzy tracking incremental control (EKF-FTIC) is employed to simultaneously execute the path tracking, obstacle avoidance, and target approach. Finally, the experiments with 5 unknown obstacles in the neighborhood of a planning path connecting start point with end point validate the effectiveness and feasibility of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	avoidance and mapping,Extended Kalman filter,fuzzy tracking incremental control,on-line obstacle detection,quadrotor
Modeling and analysis of subsystem interactions in robotic assembly	2019	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	Copyright  2019 ASME.We present a modeling framework for a production line consisting of multiple robotic assembly cells by integrating probabilistic modeling and temporal logic verification techniques. A production line is a complex system comprising of multiple assembly cells which in turn comprises of multiple assembly stations. We evaluate the performance of the proposed operations plan by decomposing the whole system into smaller subsystems which are analyzed separately. This allows us to design optimized systems. We first model an assembly cell in a probabilistic model checking tool. Contingencies may arise in each cell during the production operations and are resolved by humans or the assembly robots themselves. We simulate multiple cells operating cooperatively to finish production of parts. We perform formal analysis for each cell, which is a sub-system of the production line and then study the aggregate behavior of the resulting production line. Based on our analysis of individual cell behavior, we can determine how to change cell settings to achieve the best production performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation	None
Comparison of different configuration space representations for path planning under combinatorial method	2019	Indonesian Journal of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science	Copyright  2019 Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science. All rights reserved.The use of autonomous vehicle/robot has been adopted widely to replace human beings in performing dangerous missions in adverse environments. Keeping this in mind, path planning ensures that the autonomous vehicle must safely arrive to its destination with required criteria like lower computation time, shortest travelled path and completeness. There are few kinds of path planning strategies, such as combinatorial method, sampling based method and bio-inspired method. Among them, combinatorial method can accomplish couple of criteria without further adjustment in conventional algorithm. Configuration space provides detailed information about the position of all points in the system and it is the space for all configurations. Therefore, C-space denotes the actual free space zone for the movement of robot and guarantees that the vehicle or robot must not collide with the obstacle. This paper analyses different C-Space representation techniques under combinatorial method based on the past researches and their findings with different criteria such as optimality, completeness, safety, memory uses, real time and computational time etc. Visibility Graph has optimality which is a unique from other.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	6	Signal Processing,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cell-decomposition,Path planning,Potential field,Visibility graph,Voronoi diagram
Modeling and verification of contingency resolution strategies for multi-robot missions using temporal logic	2019	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2019.This article presents an approach for assessing contingency resolution strategies using temporal logic. We present a framework for nominal mission modeling, then specifying contingency resolution strategies and evaluating their effectiveness for the mission. Our approach focuses on leveraging the use of model checkers to the domain of multi-robot missions to assess the adequacy of contingency resolution strategies that minimize the adverse effects of contingencies on the mission execution. We consider missions with deterministic as well as probabilistic transitions. We demonstrate our approach using two case studies. We consider the escorting of a ship in a port where multiple contingencies may occur concurrently and assess the adequacy of the proposed contingency resolution strategies. We also consider a manufacturing scenario where multiple assembly stations collaborate to create a product. In this case, assembly operations may fail, and human intervention is needed to complete the assembly process. We investigate several different strategies and assess their effectiveness based on mission characteristics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	contingency resolution,mission planning,model checking,Multi-robot systems
The Obstacle Detection Method of UAV Based on 2D Lidar	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.With the widespread use of UAVs in daily life, there are many sensors and algorithms used to ensure flight safety. Among these sensors, lidar has been gradually applied to UAVs due to its stability and portability. However, in the actual application, lidar changes its position with the movement of the UAV, resulting in an offset in the detected point cloud. What's more, when the lidar works, it scatters laser light from the center to the surroundings, which causes the detected point cloud to be externally sparse and dense inside. This point cloud with uneven density is difficult to cluster using common clustering algorithms. In this paper, a velocity estimation method based on the polynomial fit is used to estimate the position of the lidar as it scans each point and then corrects the twisted point cloud. Besides, the clustering algorithm based on relative distance and density (CBRDD) is used to cluster the point cloud with uneven density. To prove the effectiveness of the obstacle detection method, the simulation experiment and actual experiment were carried out. The results show that the method has a good effect on obstacle detection.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	CBRDD,clustering,correction,lidar,obstacle,point cloud,UAV
Noise reduction with fuzzy inference based on generalized mean and singleton input-output rules: Toward fuzzy rule learning in a unified inference platform	2019	Journal of Advanced Computational Intelligence and Intelligent Informatics	2019 Fuji Technology Press. All rights reserved.A method is proposed for reducing noise in learning data based on fuzzy inference methods called α-GEMII (α-level-set and generalized-mean-based inference with the proof of two-sided symmetry of consequences) and α-GEMINAS (α-level-set and generalized-mean-based inference with fuzzy rule interpolation at an infinite number of activating points). It is particularly effective for reducing noise in randomly sampled data given by singleton input-output pairs for fuzzy rule optimization. In the proposed method, α-GEMII and α-GEMINAS are performed with singleton input-output rules and facts defined by fuzzy sets (non-singletons). The rules are initially set by directly using the input-output pairs of the learning data. They are arranged with the facts and consequences deduced by α-GEMII and α-GEMINAS. This process reduces noise to some extent and transforms the randomly sampled data into regularly sampled data for iteratively reducing noise at a later stage. The width of the regular sampling interval can be determined with tolerance so as to satisfy application-specific requirements. Then, the singleton input-output rules are updated with consequences obtained in iteratively performing α-GEMINAS for noise reduction. The noise reduction in each iteration is a deterministic process, and thus the proposed method is expected to improve the noise robustness in fuzzy rule optimization, relying less on trial-anderror-based progress. Simulation results demonstrate that noise is properly reduced in each iteration and the deviation in the learning data is suppressed considerably.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy inference,Fuzzy rule interpolation,Fuzzy rule learning,Generalized mean,Noise reduction
Software/Hardware-Based Hierarchical Finite-Time Sliding-Mode Control with Input Saturation for an Omnidirectional Autonomous Mobile Robot	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.To track the desired pose of the omnidirectional autonomous mobile robot (OAMR) in finite time, the finite-time virtual desired trajectory (FTVDT) is designed by the 1st sliding surface with the linear dynamics and fractional order of pose's tracking error. To track the FTVDT in finite time, the finite-time sliding-mode saturated control (FTSMSC) is designed by the second sliding surface with the linear dynamics and fractional order of the FTVDT's tracking error. In short, the proposed hierarchical finite-time sliding-mode control with input saturation (HFTSMCIS) contains the FTVDT and the FTSMSC. As compared with previous studies, the finite-time trajectory tracking with the reduced chattering control input is achieved by the suitable selection of control parameters. The HFTSMCIS algorithm is executed in the CPU, and then it is transformed to a PWM signal using FPGA hardware and the motor velocity is simultaneously decoded by the FPGA hardware for feedback control. In contrast, the other state signals are achieved from the mathematical model such that the feedback control system is simple and effective. It is so-called software/hardware-based HFTSMCIS (SHB-HFTSMCIS). Finally, three experiments, including two different process time and obstacle avoidance, are presented to validate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	finite-time sliding-mode control,FPGA,hierarchical control,input saturation,Lyapunov stability theory,Omnidirectional autonomous mobile robot
Human factors under uncertainty: A manufacturing systems design using simulation-optimisation approach	2019	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdModern manufacturing systems are characterized by waste elimination, cycle time control, and high work specifications. Workers, although being an integral part of manufacturing, are usually neglected or severely simplified in operational research of these systems. Through the years, the need for control over the job in manual manufacturing has been identified as crucial for both system performances and operators’ health. The aim of this research is to integrate time margins, as the mean of control, and human factors under uncertainty into scheduling problem of a multi-product manufacturing system while maintaining performance and workers’ well-being. The proposed method is polynomial and simulation-based, developed in two stages using agent-based methodology. The first stage provides a global schedule with makespan as the objective function and with time margin allocation strategy under uncertainty. The second stage enables rescheduling depending on the human error probability and fatigue level. Experiments and comparisons with the similar literature problem have indicated decrease of human error probability and fatigue. Extended experiments for flow shop system justify the use of this unique approach. The developed tool enables system designers to enhance performance by observing human effects through its factors and different time margins allocation strategies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	2	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Agent-based modelling,Flow system,Human factors,Scheduling,Time margins,Uncertainty
Energy consumption in unmanned aerial vehicles: A review of energy consumption models and their relation to the UAV routing	2019	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019.The topic of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) routing is transitioning from an emerging topic to a growing research area with UAVs being used for inspection or even material transport as part of multi-modal networks. The nature of the problem has revealed a need to identify the factors affecting the energy consumption of UAVs during execution of missions and examine the general characteristics of the consumption, as these are critical constraining factors in UAV routing. This paper presents the unique characteristics that influence the energy consumption of UAV routing and the current state of research on the topic. This paper provides the first overview of the current state of and contributions to the area of energy consumption in UAVs followed by a general categorization of the factors affecting energy consumptions of UAVs.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Energy consumption of UAVs,UAV routing,Unmanned aerial vehicles
Grimoire: Synthesizing structure while fuzzing	2019	Proceedings of the 28th USENIX Security Symposium	2019 by The USENIX Association. All rights reserved.In the past few years, fuzzing has received significant attention from the research community. However, most of this attention was directed towards programs without a dedicated parsing stage. In such cases, fuzzers which leverage the input structure of a program can achieve a significantly higher code coverage compared to traditional fuzzing approaches. This advancement in coverage is achieved by applying large-scale mutations in the application's input space. However, this improvement comes at the cost of requiring expert domain knowledge, as these fuzzers depend on structure input specifications (e. g., grammars). Grammar inference, a technique which can automatically generate such grammars for a given program, can be used to address this shortcoming. Such techniques usually infer a program's grammar in a pre-processing step and can miss important structures that are uncovered only later during normal fuzzing. In this paper, we present the design and implementation of GRIMOIRE, a fully automated coverage-guided fuzzer which works without any form of human interaction or preconfiguration; yet, it is still able to efficiently test programs that expect highly structured inputs. We achieve this by performing large-scale mutations in the program input space using grammar-like combinations to synthesize new highly structured inputs without any pre-processing step. Our evaluation shows that GRIMOIRE outperforms other coverage-guided fuzzers when fuzzing programs with highly structured inputs. Furthermore, it improves upon existing grammar-based coverage-guided fuzzers. Using GRIMOIRE, we identified 19 distinct memory corruption bugs in real-world programs and obtained 11 new CVEs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Comparative Simulation Analysis of the Performance of the Logistics Manufacturing System at the Operative Level	2019	Complexity	2019 Robert Bucki and Petr Suchánek.The article focuses on one of the current problems of manufacturing systems which consist of individual machines equipped with dedicated tools that are replaced when they are worn out. It is assumed that the machines are located within the reach of the robotic arm which carries out transport operations of semifinished products to designated production machines and storage containers in accordance with the production time period. The aim is to find such an arrangement of production activities, respectively, production paths for a given set of orders that will be effective from the time and cost point of view. Moreover, the whole issue is solved with regard to possible failures of individual stands, overfilling of some tanks, etc. The theory and practice of creating and using simulators as tools for the definition and verification of production plans are used to solve this issue. The starting point is the creation of a mathematical simulation model with the necessary but acceptable degree of simplification. The mathematical simulation model is tested on sample data in a feasibility study to perform a detailed usability analysis of the model. The output of the article is a simulation model for which, based on the analysis of simulation results, patterns of possible use in specific types of enterprises are given.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	0	Multidisciplinary	None
Green process innovation through Industry 4.0 technologies and supply chain coordination	2019	Annals of Operations Research	2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This paper investigates a dynamic supply chain model in which a supplier decides both the wholesale price and the green process innovation investments while a manufacturer sets the retail price. We refer to Industry 4.0 technologies like Robotics, Automated Guided Vehicles and 3D printing, which allow firms to reduce the amount of resources wasted and the emissions, generating an overall environmental benefit as well as a reduction of the marginal production cost. The environmental performance positively influences the demand, which leads to larger production volume and in turn damages the environmental performance via negative externalities (e.g., emissions). We resolve this operational trade-off and compare an uncoordinated setting to a revenue sharing contract complemented by a collaborative program. We show that the overall benefit of environmental cooperation in green process innovation entails the existence of a profit-Pareto-improving region. Nevertheless, the maximum environmental performance fails to occur in the profit-Pareto-improving region, which shows the mismatch between economic and environmental performance. Moreover, a wholesale price contract might help to enhance environmental performance while supply chains might prefer a revenue sharing contract or vertical integrated chain to maximize profits.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Collaborative program,Environmental performance,Environmental process innovation,Industry 4.0 technologies,Supply chain coordination,Supply chain management
Robust scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems with unreliable operations and resources	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper addresses the topic of robust scheduling for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) with operation interruptions and unreliable resources. The proposed approach uses timed Petri nets as a model of the FMS in uncertain environments. This model includes controllable and uncontrollable transitions. The unexpected firings of the uncontrollable transitions represent operation and resource failures and the risk to deviate from the scheduled trajectories. This paper proposes an anytime graph search algorithm with a new objective function that combines performance and risk. In addition, the graph search incorporates a new filtering mechanism that learns from previous runs and two node expansion strategies. The performance of the proposed algorithm is compared with that of another already existing algorithm. A running example and a case study from a real company illustrate the efficiency of the proposed scheduling approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Colombia	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	graph search,Keywords: discrete event systems,manufacturing systems,scheduling,timed Petri nets,uncontrollable events,unreliable resources
Optimal material for solar electric vehicle application using an integrated Fuzzy-COPRAS model	2019	Energy Sources, Part A: Recovery, Utilization and Environmental Effects	2019,  2019 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.Amidst numerous factors affecting the quality of the environment especially the availability of conventional sources of energy, development of sustainable technologies to benefit the natural ecosystem can be cited as the primary need of the hour. Solar vehicles, with no emissions of greenhouse gases and its renewable-energy-based working can be considered a substitute to modern-day automobiles in this genre. However, the power obtained from solar energy in a running car is limited and for proper functioning of the car, its energy efficiency is a necessity. Selection of appropriate material for the manufacture of the car design is often associated with energy saving and emission reduction in a car. The selection of the material, however is an issue involving multiple characteristics associated with the performance of the material, including physical, mechanical, and environmental properties. This study presents a systematic structure for selection of the optimum material using a hierarchy of 14 different properties of 19 different feasible materials taken into account, using a hybrid Multi-Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) analogy, the Fuzzy Complex Proportional Assessment (COPRAS) model. A Sensitivity Analysis was conducted to account for the robustness of the solution obtained. The results prove the effectivity of this approach toward selection of optimum material for manufacture of a solar car.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Nuclear Energy and Engineering,Fuel Technology,Energy Engineering and Power Technology	automobile applications,data modeling,Fuzzy-COPRAS,material selection,MCDM,renewable energy,solar vehicle,sustainable development
A building extraction approach based on the fusion of LiDAR point cloud and elevation map texture features	2019	Remote Sensing	2019 by the authors.Building extraction is an important way to obtain information in urban planning, land management, and other fields. As remote sensing has various advantages such as large coverage and real-time capability, it becomes an essential approach for building extraction. Among various remote sensing technologies, the capability of providing 3D features makes the LiDAR point cloud become a crucial means for building extraction. However, the LiDAR point cloud has difficulty distinguishing objects with similar heights, in which case texture features are able to extract different objects in a 2D image. In this paper, a building extraction method based on the fusion of point cloud and texture features is proposed, and the texture features are extracted by using an elevation map that expresses the height of each point. The experimental results show that the proposed method obtains better extraction results than that of other texture feature extraction methods and ENVI software in all experimental areas, and the extraction accuracy is always higher than 87%, which is satisfactory for some practical work.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	Building extraction,Elevation map,Feature fusion,Gabor filter,LiDAR point cloud
Iterated greedy insertion approaches for the flexible job shop scheduling problem with transportation times constraint	2019	International Journal of Manufacturing Research	2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper proposes two greedy heuristics based on an iterated insertion technique to solve the flexible job shop scheduling problem with transportation time's constraint. The approaches treat the two sub-problems of: The assignment of machines to operations and the sequencing of the operations on the assigned machines. The idea is to start with a greedy construction method, then, apply an iterative destroy and recreate algorithm, to minimise the maximal completion time of machines (makespan). The heuristics were tested on a benchmark that considers the transportation times between the machines and based on a real flexible job shop 'AIP-PRIMECA cell of Valenciennes University'. The results of the proposed heuristics are compared with the results of a mixed integer linear program (MILP) and the potential fields (PF) approach. The results obtained are very promising.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Algeria	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation	flexible job shop,greedy heuristics.,optimisation,production,scheduling
Q-learning approach to coordinated optimization of passenger inflow control with train skip-stopping on a urban rail transit line	2019	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2018 Elsevier LtdIn the case of an over-crowded urban rail transit (URT) line, a large number of passengers may be left stranded and daily timetable may become infeasible. This paper proposes a coordinated optimization scheme for a URT line, which combines both the coordinated passenger inflow control with train rescheduling strategies. With the aim of minimizing the penalty value of passengers being stranded along the whole line, the coordinated passenger inflow control helps relieve demand pressure and ensure safety at over-crowded URT stations while the train rescheduling of skip-stopping helps to balance the utilization of train capacity. A novel Q-learning based approach to this combination optimization problem is developed. Simulation experiments are carried out on a real-world URT line in Shanghai. Basic principles of Q-learning are presented, which consist of the environment and its states, learning agents and their respective actions, and rewards. The results show that the coordinated optimization scheme solved by the Q-learning approach is effective in relieving the passenger congestion on the URT line. The Q-learning approach can offer accurate scheme to deal with the problem of passenger congestion and train operation on a URT line.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Coordinated optimization scheme,Passenger inflow control,Q-learning approach,Skip-stopping strategy,Urban rail transit line
Multi-Agent Based Hyper-Heuristics for Multi-Objective Flexible Job Shop Scheduling: A Case Study in an Aero-Engine Blade Manufacturing Plant	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.In the paper, a case study focusing on multi-objective flexible job shop scheduling problem (MO-FJSP) in an aero-engine blade manufacturing plant is presented. The problem considered in this paper involves many attributes, including working calendar, due dates, and lot size. Moreover, dynamic events occur frequently in the shop-floor, making the problem more challenging and requiring real-time responses. Therefore, the priority-based methods are more suitable than the computationally intensive search-based methods for the online scheduling. However, developing an effective heuristic for online scheduling problem is a tedious work even for domain experts. Furthermore, the domain knowledge of the practical production scheduling needs to be integrated into the algorithm to guide the search direction, accelerate the convergence of the algorithm, and improve the solution quality. To this end, three multi-agent-based hyper-heuristics (MAHH) integrated with the prior knowledge of the shop floor are proposed to evolve scheduling policies (SPs) for the online scheduling problem. To evaluate the performance of evolved SPs, a 5-fold cross-validation method which is frequently used in machine learning is adopted to avoid the overfitting problem. Both the training and test results demonstrate that the bottleneck-agent-based hyper-heuristic method produces the best result among the three MAHH methods. Furthermore, both the effectiveness and the efficiency of the evolved SPs are verified by comparison with the well-known heuristics and two multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) algorithms on the practical case. The proposed method has been embedded in the manufacturing execution system that is built on JAVA and successfully applied in several manufacturing plants.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	flexible job shop,genetic programming,hyper-heuristics,multi-agent,Scheduling
An integrated approach to development of unmanned ground vehicle: Design, analysis, implementation and suggestions Insansiz kara araci geliştirmeye bütünleşik bir yaklasim: tasarim, analiz, uygulama ve öneriler	2019	Journal of the Faculty of Engineering and Architecture of Gazi University	2019 Gazi Universitesi Muhendislik-Mimarlik. All rights reserved.As the intelligent vehicle concept accelerated with electric vehicles, and then interest in autonomous vehicle technologies increased, investments on unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) studies also accelerated. Unmanned ground vehicles, despite their complex structure and technology, bring many advantages with their use. The most important advantages of UGVs are that they do not have human-specific features (sleepiness, fatigue, anger, etc.), react faster, and reach a decision by calculating possibilities according to the conditions. In this study, a UGV has been developed, which has the ability to navigate to a selfdetermined or unknown area, ability of mapping, localization, trajectory detection and tracking, detection of obstacles and finding a new path to avoid collisions with these obstacles. In an area without a specific map, skecth or floor plan, UGV's autonomous driving capability in indoor and outdoor, has been verified by the experiments. The phases, problems, solution techniques and results required for UGV design are presented with a systematic approach in this study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Architecture,Engineering (all)	Heuristic path searching,Kinematic modeling,Simultaneous localization and mapping,Trajectory tracking,Unmanned ground vehicle
Industry 4.0 in New Zealand dairy industry	2019	International Journal of Agile Systems and Management	2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.New Zealand may be has the largest dairy industries in the world due to natural resources suitable for cows. It is facing new opportunities because a new generation of industry termed as Industry 4.0 is coming. Facing the new technologies, how traditional dairy industry in New Zealand could seize the golden opportunities in the context of Industry 4.0 to upgrade and transform? This paper analyses the current status of New Zealand dairy industry and gives some investigation results. Some significant insights and lessons from this study could be used for guiding dairy industry which is contemplating the implementation of Industry 4.0 enabled solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	1	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous),Multidisciplinary	Dairy industry,Industry 4.0,New Zealand,Technology management
A Model Predictive Controller with Switched Tracking Error for Autonomous Vehicle Path Tracking	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Autonomous vehicle path tracking accuracy and vehicle stability can hardly be accomplished by one fixed control frame in various conditions due to the changing vehicle dynamics. This paper presents a model predictive control (MPC) path-Tracking controller with switched tracking error, which reduces the lateral tracking deviation and maintains vehicle stability for both normal and high-speed conditions. The design begins by comparing the performance of three MPC controllers with different tracking error. The analyzing results indicate that in the steady-state condition the controller with the velocity heading deviation as the tracking error significantly improves the tracking accuracy. Meanwhile, in the transient condition, by substituting the steady-state sideslip for real-Time sideslip to compute the velocity heading deviation, the tracking overshoot can be reduced. To combine the strengths of these two methods, an MPC controller with switched tracking error is designed to improve the performance in both steady-state and transient conditions. The regime condition of a vehicle maneuver and the switching instant are determined by a fuzzy-logic-based condition classifier. Both normal and aggressive driving scenarios with the vehicle lateral and longitudinal acceleration combination of 5 m/s2 and 8 m/s2 are designed to test the proposed controller through CarSim-Simulink platform. The simulation results show the improved performance of the MPC controller with switched tracking error both in tracking accuracy and vehicle stability in both scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	10	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Autonomous vehicles,condition classifier,path tracking,predictive control,switched tracking error
Joint node selection and resource allocation for task offloading in scalable vehicle-assisted multi-access edge computing	2019	Symmetry	2019 by the authors.The resource limitation of multi-access edge computing (MEC) is one of the major issues in order to provide low-latency high-reliability computing services for Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Moreover, with the steep rise of task requests from IoT devices, the requirement of computation tasks needs dynamic scalability while using the potential of offloading tasks to mobile volunteer nodes (MVNs). We, therefore, propose a scalable vehicle-assisted MEC (SVMEC) paradigm, which cannot only relieve the resource limitation of MEC but also enhance the scalability of computing services for IoT devices and reduce the cost of using computing resources. In the SVMEC paradigm, a MEC provider can execute its users' tasks by choosing one of three ways: (i) Do itself on local MEC, (ii) offload to the remote cloud, and (iii) offload to the MVNs. We formulate the problem of joint node selection and resource allocation as a Mixed Integer Nonlinear Programming (MINLP) problem, whose major objective is to minimize the total computation overhead in terms of the weighted-sum of task completion time and monetary cost for using computing resources. In order to solve it, we adopt alternative optimization techniques by decomposing the original problem into two sub-problems: Resource allocation sub-problem and node selection sub-problem. Simulation results demonstrate that our proposed scheme outperforms the existing schemes in terms of the total computation overhead.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	7	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Chemistry (miscellaneous),Mathematics (all),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous)	Internet of Things,Mobile cloud computing,Multi-access edge computing,Resource allocation,Task offloading,Vehicular cloud
Logic-Based Benders Decomposition for Large-Scale Optimization	2019	Springer Optimization and Its Applications	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Logic-based Benders decomposition (LBBD) is a substantial generalization of classical Benders decomposition that, in principle, allows the subproblem to be any optimization problem rather than specifically a linear or nonlinear programming problem. It is amenable to a wide variety of large-scale problems that decouple or otherwise simplify when certain decision variables are fixed. This chapter presents the basic theory of LBBD and explains how classical Benders decomposition is a special case. It also describes branch and check, a variant of LBBD that solves the master problem only once. It illustrates in detail how Benders cuts and subproblem relaxations can be developed for some planning and scheduling problems. It then describes the role of LBBD in three large-scale case studies. The chapter concludes with an extensive survey of the LBBD literature, organized by problem domain, to allow the reader to explore how Benders cuts have been developed for a wide range of applications.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	United States	0	Control and Optimization	None
Digital twin-driven joint optimisation of packing and storage assignment in large-scale automated high-rise warehouse product-service system	2019	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Current mass individualisation and service-oriented paradigm calls for high flexibility and agility in the warehouse system to adapt changes in products. This paper proposes a novel digital twin-driven joint optimisation approach for warehousing in large-scale automated high-rise warehouse product-service system. A Digital Twin System is developed to aggregate real-time data from physical warehouse product-service system and then to map it to the cyber model. A joint optimisation model on how to timely optimise stacked packing and storage assignment of warehouse product-service system is integrated to the Digital Twin System. Through perceiving online data from the physical warehouse product-service system, periodical optimal decisions can be obtained via the joint optimisation model and then fed back to the semi-physical simulation engine in the Digital Twin System for verifying the implementation result. A demonstrative prototype is developed and verified with a case study of a tobacco warehouse product-service system. The proposed approach can maximise the utilisation and efficiency of the large-scale automated high-rise warehouse product-service system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	cyber-physical systems,Digital twin,large-scale automated high-rise warehouse,storage assignment,warehouse product-service system
Design and real-time implementation of a 3-stage CNW heading system on an ubuntu linux-embedded board	2019	Journal of Sensors	2019 Felipe P. Vista IV and Kil To Chong.This paper describes the design and real-time implementation of a proposed algorithm for deriving an accurate heading system by fusing data from various inexpensive sensor devices that is comparable to more expensive maritime navigation systems. The proposed algorithm is a 3-Stage Classification N’ Weighing (CnW) Heading System with forward azimuth (FAz) and extended Kalman filter (EKF). Data from three Global Positioning System devices, an inertial measurement unit, and an electronic compass were fed into the algorithm that can be generally described as Classification N’ Weighing-Stage 1 → forward azimuth → Classification N’ Weighing-Stage 2 → extended Kalman filter → Classification N’ Weighing-Stage 3. The proposed algorithm is shown to be comparably accurate as an expensive marine navigation system, and it has less processing time compared to our previous work. The Qt-anywhere-based system developed on a Linux desktop was successfully downloaded onto an Ubuntu Linux-embedded board for real-time implementation. Important notes related to device naming problems when deploying the system on a Linux-embedded board are also given as reference for those interested to address it.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Autonomous piston engine guided by the transduction of radiation pressure in optomechanical Brownian motors	2019	Turkish Journal of Physics	TÜBİTAK.We consider the autonomous piston engine in a coupled cavity scheme in an optomechanical setup. Treating the radiation field as working fluid, we investigate the transduction of virtual photons due to ground state excitations. Rabi-like energy splittings and Casimir effect are shown by avoided crossing in the eigenfunction spectrum. Second order coherence functions are employed to analyze the bunching of the cavity and mechanical mode in optomechanical implementation of Brownian motors. The imbalance in occupation numbers of the working modes is investigated for the power for work extraction. We explore the guidance of the radiation field in work extraction. We study the synchronicity between virtual photon conversion and power in the mechanical mode. Generation and amplification of virtual photon transduction are modulated by mutual interactions between the qubit, piston, and mechanical mode in the absence of external driving fields.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	Cavity QED,Optomechanics,Stochastic thermodynamics
Optimising the storage assignment and order-picking for the compact drive-in storage system	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.One of the most common systems in non-automated warehouses, is drive-in pallet racking with a shared storage policy (which is usually based on the duration-of-stay). Such scheme targets towards an efficient use of storage space, since its operation costs are directly related to the size and layout of the warehouse. In this paper, two mathematical programming models and two greedy-randomised based heuristics for finding (nearly) optimal storage and retrieval operation sequences for this type of storage system are proposed. The computational effectiveness of the proposed approaches is measured by considering two sets of synthetic instances. The obtained results show that the proposed heuristics are not only able to compute high-quality solutions (as observed when being compared with the optimal solutions attained by the mathematical programming models), but it is also capable of providing solutions in very short running times even for large instances for which the mathematical programming model failed to find feasible solutions. At the light of these results, the best heuristic is also tested using a rolling-horizon planning strategy in a real-world case study, obtained from a Chilean company. It turns out that the attained results are more effective than the company's current storage policy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Chile	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	combinatorial optimisation,shared storage policy,storage and retrieval heuristic,storage systems,warehousing systems
Vertical expansion: A solution for future container terminals	2019	Transportation Science	2019 INFORMS.Container terminals play a major role in the growth of international trade. They need to accommodate the increasing number of containers although their space is limited, particularly close to major cities. One approach, often used in practice, is horizontal expansion through expensive land reclamation projects. In contrast, vertical expansion uses the available land more efficiently by storing containers in high-bay warehouses. In this paper, we study a next-generation container terminal consisting of container storage towers. A container tower is a cylindrical structure that consists ofmultiple levels of storage locations, lifts, and input/output (I/O) points (or depots). The lifts can rotate and can move containers horizontally and vertically to transport containers between the storage locations and the I/O points. We investigate several design questions: (1) What is the optimal configuration of a container tower? (2)Howdoes a container tower comparewith a traditional container block of the same storage capacity in terms of throughput capacity? (3) Is a container tower financially feasible compared with an existing container block of the same storage capacity? (4) What are the impacts of varying design parameters on the container tower performance and its financial feasibility? Question 1 is answered by obtaining closed-form expressions for the tower travel time, formulating the problem as a nonlinear optimization model, and deriving closed-form expressions for the tower optimal configuration. Questions 2 and 3 are answered by using closed-form expressions to compare the performance of two systems. Question 4 is answered by a sensitivity analysis for the design parameters of the container tower. The results show that, compared with a traditional container block, the container tower can increase the annual throughput while saving on the required footprint at competitive investment costs. In particular, the container tower can increase the annual throughput up to 120% compared with a container block of the same storage capacity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container tower,Investment and operational costs,Terminal layout,Throughput
Environmental sustainability in the fourth industrial revolution: The nexus between green product and green process innovation	2019	International Journal of Energy Economics and Policy	2019, Econjournals. All rights reserved.The actual and virtual realms in the present economies are expending to respond well to technological evolutions. In fact, the emergence of fourth industrial revolution (4IR) has stimulated the organization to adopt innovations in the production and process with extensive integration of ecofriendly practices to ensure sustainability. The automation of work and emerging digitalization is known as the 4IR. This industrial revolution has several effects on person’s career involvements. Still, the past literature in careers research and vocational psychology has been surprisingly quiet on this pattern up until now. In this regard, the present study examines the impact of industrial revolution factors on environmental and economic performance (ECP) in manufacturing small and medium enterprises in Malaysia. The results of structural equation modeling confirm that green product innovation and green process innovation have positively and significant impact on project innovation (PRI). Moreover, the results further confirm that PRI has positive and significantly impact on ECP and environmental performance (ENP). Finally, economic and ENP have a positive and significant impact on competitive advantage (COM). Therefore, it is recommended that 4IR factor is a source to enhance the economic and ENP of the firm which ultimately leads the COM.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Indonesia	0	Energy (all),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all)	Competitive advantage,Environmental performance,Malaysia,Process innovation,Projection innovation,Small and medium enterprises
Supply Chain management in the age of digitalization	2019	International Journal of Supply Chain Management	ExcelingTech Pub, UK.Digitalization is becoming one of the most debated technological trends radically changing how enterprises run and affect entire value chains across organizations. Factors such as globalization, increased data flow, complexity in supply chain operations, and more demanding and critical customer requirements are changing the nature of modern supply chains. The current research reveals how digitalization is reshaping supply chains and how different regions and industries are adapting to digitalization by investigating: the emerging digitalization trends in supply chain strategies, the global geographical impact of digitalization trends, and the impact on different types of business industries. This study is based on a comprehensive statistical analysis conducted on 119 scientific and management consulting studies, in order to provide conclusive insights to the development and future of digitalization. The study reveals that digitalization is becoming a revolutionary trend with an increasing pattern of interest from governments, organizations, and academic researchers in the form of nine main digitalization trends applied in various business industries and regions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	0	Management Information Systems,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management	Academic trends,Digitalization,Industry 4.0,Supply chain management
Improving the performance of dry and maritime ports by increasing knowledge about the most relevant functionalities of the Terminal Operating System (TOS)	2019	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors.Maritime transport in the European Union has increased in the last years, triggering congestion in many of the most important sea and river ports. A lot of works have highlighted how the connection between these ports and dry ports can contribute to reducing port congestion and emission of greenhouse gases (GHGs). This work aims to improve the knowledge about the functionalities of Terminal Operating Systems (TOSs) managing container terminals of sea, river, and dry ports, with the aim of improving their performance and contributing to reducing congestion and GHG emissions to achieve a higher sustainability. The contribution and novelty of this paper in the field of container-terminals logistics research is the use of the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) to identify and hierarchize TOS functionalities. The robustness of the model was checked by applying a sensitivity analysis. One hundred and seven functionalities were grouped into six main clusters: Warehouse, Maritime Operations, Gate, Master Data, Communications, and ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Dashboard. The results show that time tracking of vessels, space optimization, development of loading and unloading lists, and optimization of container locations are the most important functionalities of a TOS. This work is addressed to developers, sellers, managers, and users of TOSs and researchers working on container-terminal performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	6	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Analytic hierarchy process,Container terminal performance,Dry ports,Multicriteria decision making process,Terminal operating system,TOS functionalities
Quasi-noise-free and detail-preserved digital holographic reconstruction	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The shortcoming of the coherence of digital holographic light sources leads to the generation of holographic reconstruction speckle noise, which seriously affects the quality of holographic reconstruction. Although many advanced algorithms for reducing speckle noise in digital holography (DH) have achieved good results, in the process of processing image speckle noise, the details of the image are blurred, and the information relating to the image texture is lost. Therefore, we propose a new algorithm, which combines automatic GrabCut and guided filtering to solve the problem of blurred image details in filtering reconstruction. The new algorithm is applied to the problem of holographic speckle removal for the first time. In this paper, the new algorithm not only achieves quasi-noise-free (approximate the noise-free state) DH reconstruction but also realizes the retention of details in the image. The quality of the resulting holographic reconstruction is comparable to that achieved by incoherent technology, which exceeds the current level of DH and produces a good visual effect.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	automatic GrabCut,guided filtering,Holography,noise
Exploring the Different Combinations of Technological Capability and Technology Management Capability in Different Stages of New Product Development	2019	IEEE Access	2019 IEEE.New product development (NPD) determines firms' current market positions, and it also has far-reaching impacts on firms' future development. According to the resource-based view, technological capability and technology management capability are critical resources and capabilities for NPD. However, the research to date has not investigated the complementarity between these factors. This paper employs fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis (fs/QCA) to explore how technological capability and technology management capability combine to produce high NPD performance. The analysis results show that in order to achieve high NPD performance, technological capability and technology management capability should be combined. Furthermore, the combinations of technological capability and technology management capability in different NPD stages are different. This paper deepens the theoretical understanding of the relationships between resources and capabilities in NPD by identifying the equifinality effect of the combinations of technological capability and technology management capability. In addition, this paper also provides theoretical guidance for firms to clarify the relationship between technological capability and technology management capability to improve NPD performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Fuzzy set qualitative comparative analysis,NPD performance,NPD stage,technological capability,technology management capability
The impact of operational strategies on vessel handling times: A simulation approach	2019	International Journal of Shipping and Transport Logistics	Copyright  2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This paper reports a study of the ship loading and discharging process at a container terminal. Our objective was to analyse the impact of different operational strategies on vessel handling times in order to derive managerial insights that can be used by terminal operators to manage this key performance indicator. As a basis for our study, a simulation model was implemented, validated, and verified to gain insight into the containers loading and discharging process. Four scenarios were constructed to resemble possible instances under which a vessel would operate at a Mexican container terminal, with the different operational strategies that were designed and evaluated for each scenario. An experimental framework was proposed, based on comparisons of scenarios and search experimentation, and employing a fractional factorial design to evaluate the impact of several factors on the vessel handling times. Our results emphasise that with an adequate design of the operation parameters, combined with the implementation of efficient stacking policies; it is possible to keep VHT under control. Conclusions and recommendations for further research are also discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	1	Business and International Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Management Science and Operations Research,Transportation	Container terminals,Operational strategies,Port logistics,Simulation analysis,Vessel handling times,VHT
A Novel Neutrosophic Data Analytic Hierarchy Process for Multi-Criteria Decision Making Method: A Case Study in Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange	2019	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This paper proposes a multi-criteria decision making method called the neutrosophic data analytic hierarchy process (NDAHP) for the single-valued neutrosophic set (SVNS). This method is an extension of the neutrosophic analytic hierarchy process (NAHP) designed to handle actual datasets which consist of crisp values. The proposed NDAHP method uses an objective weighting mechanism whereas all other existing versions of the AHP, fuzzy AHP, and other fuzzy based AHP method in literature such as the NAHP and picture fuzzy AHP uses a subjective weighting mechanism to arrive at the decision. This makes the proposed NDAHP method effective as the weightage of the criteria which forms the input of the evaluation matrix are determined in an objective manner using actual data collected for the problem, and hence will not change according to the opinions of different decision makers which are subjective. The proposed NDAHP method is applied to a multi-criteria decision making problem related to the ranking of the financial performance of five public listed petrochemical companies trading in the main board of the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange (KLSE). Actual dataset of 15 financial indices for the five petrochemical companies for 2017 obtained from Yahoo! Finance was used in this paper. Following this, a brief comparative study is conducted to evaluate the performance of our NDAHP algorithm against the results of other existing SVNS-based decision making methods in the literature. The results are compared against actual results obtained from KLSE. To further verify the rankings obtained through each method, the Spearman and Pearson ranking tests are carried out on each of the decision making methods that are studied. It is proved that NDAHP produces the most accurate results, and this was further verified from the results of the Spearman and Pearson ranking tests.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	7	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	analytic hierarchy process (AHP),multi-criteria decision making,neutrosophic AHP,neutrosophic decision making,Single-valued neutrosophic set
Agros: A robot operating system based emulation tool for agricultural robotics	2019	Agronomy	2019 by the authors.This research aims to develop a farm management emulation tool that enables agrifood producers to effectively introduce advanced digital technologies, like intelligent and autonomous unmanned ground vehicles (UGVs), in real-world field operations. To that end, we first provide a critical taxonomy of studies investigating agricultural robotic systems with regard to: (i) the analysis approach, i.e., simulation, emulation, real-world implementation; (ii) farming operations; and (iii) the farming type. Our analysis demonstrates that simulation and emulation modelling have been extensively applied to study advanced agricultural machinery while the majority of the extant research efforts focuses on harvesting/picking/mowing and fertilizing/spraying activities; most studies consider a generic agricultural layout. Thereafter, we developed AgROS, an emulation tool based on the Robot Operating System, which could be used for assessing the efficiency of real-world robot systems in customized fields. The AgROS allows farmers to select their actual field from a map layout, import the landscape of the field, add characteristics of the actual agricultural layout (e.g., trees, static objects), select an agricultural robot from a predefined list of commercial systems, import the selected UGV into the emulation environment, and test the robot’s performance in a quasi-real-world environment. AgROS supports farmers in the ex-ante analysis and performance evaluation of robotized precision farming operations while lays the foundations for realizing “digital twins” in agriculture.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	4	Agronomy and Crop Science	Agricultural robotics,Digital agriculture,Emulation,Precision farming,Robot operating system,Unmanned ground vehicles
Engineering Multi-agent Systems Anno 2025	2019	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2019, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Modern software-intensive systems are increasingly blending cyber, physical, and social elements, demanding higher degrees of autonomy and adaptability than ever before. In combination with the ever growing integration and scale of systems, and the inherent uncertainties modern systems face, the principles from MAS engineering remain particularly attractive for engineering systems in a wide variety of domains today. In this chapter, we reflect on the role and potential of MAS engineering on a selection of key facets that characterize modern software engineering practice. We focus at facets that we believe are important in relation to MAS engineering. Concretely, we look at agile development, Cloud and edge computing, distributed ledgers and blockchain, Cyber-Physical Systems and Internet-of-Things, and finally green computing. For each of these facets we highlight opportunities to EMAS engineering, but also the challenges these facets raise. We conclude with highlighting a number of ethical issues that the engineers of modern software-intensive systems and thus also MAS will face in the years to come.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Multi-agent systems,Software engineering
Applying process mining and semantic reasoning for process model customisation in healthcare	2019	Enterprise Information Systems	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Process flexibility plays a key role in high variability environments, such as healthcare. In this type of environment, the process model needs to change some elements to adjust to specific sets of requirements. Thus, this paper proposes a process model customising method based on ontology and process mining. The method proposed is applied in customising process models for acute ischemic stroke treatment. During process model customisation, the method provides decision-making support for users, thereby ensuring a structurally correct process customisation and enabling improves patient treatment by means of recommendations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	3	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management	healthcare,ontology,process mining,Process model customisation,semantic reasoning
A longitudinal literature network review of contributions made to the academy over the past 55 years of the IJPR	2019	International Journal of Production Research	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The International Journal of Production Research (IJPR) first issue was published in 1961. This year commemorates the journal’s 55th year anniversary. In celebration of its anniversary, this article aims to comprehensively review the journals overall existence (1961–2017), per decade, by a longitudinal analysis of the literature through a main path analysis, and a bibliometric and social network overview. This paper differentiates from previous IJPR’s studies conducted by focusing on the journal’s social network analysis (SNA) by decades and overall period. This research article classiﬁes leading bibliographic material by using the total number of publications, citations, authors per work, country, author’s afﬁliation, funding agencies, keywords, co-authorship and the top-10 cited papers (with objectives and contributions), over the previous five decades. In conjunction with utilising SNA, major findings indicate remarkable improvement on authors’ publication due to a strong social network. Furthermore, the results suggest that the improvement of Asian universities on the IJPR is not only a result of a strong social network among authors, but also an active support from national research funding agencies. The collaboration between researchers appears to be evidently rising by an increasing percentage of articles penned by three or more authors and the average number of authors per article published. The main path analysis identifies the 30 milestone papers which constitute the backbone of the knowledge published in the overall IJPR history.	Journal	j	re	Review	Brazil	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	bibliometric analysis,literature review,main path analysis,operational research,production research,social network analysis
Localization of a Mobile Platform Equipped with a Rotating Magnetic Dipole Source	2019	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	1963-2012 IEEE.In this paper, we propose a method for indoor localization based on quasi-static magnetic fields. High penetration ability and absence of multipath effects make it advantageous over other indoor localization techniques based on electromagnetic or acoustic waves. Moreover, the circular rotating magnetic field's specific structure enables it to be distinguished from common magnetic interferences, which generally lack this feature. A dual-axis search-coil magnetometer is placed at a known location with a known orientation and it is used to localize the mobile platform equipped with a source of a rotating magnetic field. We have carried out a theoretical analysis obtaining closed-form expressions for the bearing and distance. The analytical expressions allow calculations without high computational complexity as often required by the numerical analysis methods. The localization method has been tested using a computer simulation in order to evaluate its performance. We have developed a system prototype that has been successfully tested in our laboratory. In a test area of 7 m ×7 m, the experimental results yield a mean localization error of 0.11 m and a maximal localization error of less than 0.29 m. The high accuracy of the method and the absence of resource-intensive calculations allow low-power, real-time implementation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	2	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Indoor navigation,localization,low-frequency magnetic field,magnetometer,rotating magnetic field
A complete design methodology for lean in-plant logistics to assembly line using ad principles	2019	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING.Implementation of lean philosophy has gained importance since it has achieved an outstanding success especially in production systems. Principles of lean production are different from traditional systems, where parts feeding and material handling activities are performed differently especially in small lot production. Integration and coordination of these activities increase the efficiency of lean systems. In this paper, a complete design for in-plant logistics activities is performed via Axiomatic Design (AD) principles. A four-step design methodology from parts line side presentation through in-plant vehicle routing is proposed. Proposed design methodology in AD aims to decrease the information requirement of assembly line in-plant logistics design. From practitioners' perspective, most important design steps are arranged and Functional Requirements (FRs) are emphasized. Based on the FRs, comprehensive list of Design Parameters (DPs) are defined and interactions are highlighted. Both FRs and DPs are supported with literature and practical applications. The relations between lean principles, DPs and lean tools are evaluated and the justification of the proposed design is shown. To the best of authors' knowledge, this study is the first attempt in an integrated design of in-plant logistics activities. The findings of the study also point out voids in the literature and shed light on future studies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Axiomatic design,Continuous improvement,Integration of logistics activities,Lean in-plant logistics
A Data Science Framework for Movement	2019	Geographical Analysis	2019 The Ohio State UniversityMovement is the driving force behind the form and function of many ecological and human systems. Identification and analysis of movement patterns that may relate to the behavior of individuals and their interactions is a fundamental first step in understanding these systems. With advances in IoT and the ubiquity of smart connected sensors to collect movement and contextual data, we now have access to a wealth of geo-enriched high-resolution tracking data. These data promise new forms of knowledge and insight into movement of humans, animals, and goods, and hence can increase our understanding of complex spatiotemporal processes such as disease outbreak, urban mobility, migration, and human-species interaction. To take advantage of the evolution in our data, we need a revolution in how we visualize, model, and analyze movement as a multidimensional process that involves space, time, and context. This paper introduces a data science paradigm with the aim of advancing research on movement.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	7	Geography, Planning and Development,Earth-Surface Processes	None
Collision avoidance of multi unmanned aerial vehicles: A review	2019	Annual Reviews in Control	2019 Elsevier LtdThe control of a multiple unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) system is popular and attracting a lot of attentions. This is motivated by many practical civil and commercial UAV applications. Collision avoidance is the fundamental in motion planning of multi-UAVs, especially for large teams of UAVs. Although several collision avoidance approaches have been reported, there is a lack of highlighting the key components shared by these approaches. In this work, we aim to provide researchers with a state-of-the-art overview of various approaches for multi-UAV collision avoidance. The existing works on collision avoidance are presented through several classifications based on algorithm used and frameworks designed, and their main features are also discussed. A discussion on the literature summary in multi-UAV collision avoidance is given, Finally, the challenges in the research directions are presented.	Journal	j	re	Review	Singapore	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Collision avoidance,Multiple unmanned aerial vehicles,Obstacles,Unmanned systems
Robotized and automated warehouse systems: Review and recent developments	2019	Transportation Science	2019 INFORMS.Robotic handling systems are increasingly applied in distribution centers. The require little space, provide flexibility in managing varying demand requirements, and are able to work 24/7. This makes them particularly fit for e-commerce operations. This paper reviews new categories of automated and robotic handling systems, such as shuttle-based storage and retrieval systems, shuttle-based compact storage systems, and robotic mobile fulfillment systems. For each system, we categorize the literature in three groups: system analysis, design optimization, and operations planning and control. Our focus is to identify the research issue and operations research modeling methodology adopted to analyze the problem. We find that many new robotic systems and applications have hardly been studied in academic literature, despite their increasing use in practice. Because of unique system features (such as autonomous control, flexible layout, networked and dynamic operation), new models and methods are needed to address the design and operational control challenges for such systems, in particular, for the integration of subsystems. Integrated robotic warehouse systems will form the next category of warehouses. All vital warehouse design, planning, and control logic, such as methods to design layout, storage and order-picking system selection, storage slotting, order batching, picker routing, and picker to order assignment, will have to be revisited for new robotized warehouses.	Journal	j	re	Review	Netherlands	17	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Control,Planning,Robotic systems,Warehousing
A comprehensive study for robot navigation techniques	2019	Cogent Engineering	2019,  2019 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license.An intelligent autonomous robot is required in various applications such as space, transportation, industry, and defense. Mobile robots can also perform several tasks like material handling, disaster relief, patrolling, and rescue operation. Therefore, an autonomous robot is required that can travel freely in a static or a dynamic environment. Smooth and safe navigation of mobile robot through cluttered environment from start position to goal position with following safe path and producing optimal path length is the main aim of mobile robot navigation. Regarding this matter, several techniques have been explored by researchers for robot navigation path planning. An effort has been made in this article to study several navigation techniques, which are well suited for the static and dynamic environment and can be implemented for real-time navigation of mobile robot.	Journal	j	re	Review	Malaysia	4	Computer Science (all),Chemical Engineering (all),Engineering (all)	AGV,Artificial intelligence,fuzzy logic,neural network
A literature review on latest developments of Harmony Search and its applications to intelligent manufacturing	2019	Mathematical Biosciences and Engineering	2019 the Author(s).The harmony search (HS) algorithm is one of the most popular meta-heuristic algorithms. The basic idea of HS was inspired by the music improvisation process in which the musicians continuously adjust the pitch of their instruments to generate wonderful harmony. Since its inception in 2001, HS has attracted the attention of many researchers from all over the world, resulting in a lot of improved variants and successful applications. Even for today, the research on improved HS variants design and innovative applications are still hot topics. This paper provides a detailed review of the basic concept of HS and a survey of its latest variants for function optimization. It also provides a survey of the innovative applications of HS in the field of intelligent manufacturing based on about 40 recently published articles. Some potential future research directions for both HS and its applications to intelligent manufacturing are also analyzed and summarized in this paper.	Journal	j	re	Review	Singapore	5	Modeling and Simulation,Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Computational Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	Harmony search,Intelligent manufacturing,Meta-heuristic,Review
Container terminal layout design: transition and future	2019	Maritime Economics and Logistics	2019, Springer Nature Limited.Container terminals play an important role in the transportation of containerized goods in global supply chains. The number of containers handled in container terminals has increased astronomically. To accommodate and handle the increasing number of containers entering and leaving container terminals, their layout has seen several changes. New layouts require smaller footprint and must ensure faster, cheaper, and more efficient transfer of containers between the landside and seaside. This paper first reviews the literature on the transition of terminal layout designs from traditional to automated and future container terminals. Second, the relevant research needs to address strategic and tactical layout design problems are listed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	Design optimization,Global supply chain,Marine terminal layout design,Maritime transportation,Next-generation container terminals,Vertical expansion
Digital supply chain model in Industry 4.0	2019	Journal of Manufacturing Technology Management	2019, Claudia Lizette Garay-Rondero, Jose Luis Martinez-Flores, Neale R. Smith, Santiago Omar Caballero Morales and Alejandra Aldrette-Malacara.Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to present a conceptual model that defines the essential components shaping the new Digital Supply Chains (DSCs) through the implementation and acceleration of Industry 4.0. Design/methodology/approach: The scope of the present work exposes a conceptual approach and review of the key literature from 1989 to 2019, concerning the evolution and transformation of the actors and constructs in logistics and Supply Chain Management (SCM) by means of examining different conceptual models and a state-of-the-art review of Industry 4.0’s concepts and elements, with a focus on digitization in supply chain (SC) processes. A detailed study of the constructs and components of SCM, as defined by their authors, resulted in the development of a referential and systematic model that fuses the inherent concepts and roles of SCM, with the new technological trends directed toward digitization, automation, and the increasing use of information and communication technologies across logistics global value chains. Findings: Having achieved an exploration of the different conceptual frameworks, there is no compelling evidence of the existence of a conceptual SCM that incorporates the basic theoretical constructs and the new roles and elements of Industry 4.0. Therefore, the main components of Industry 4.0 and their impact on DSC Management are described, driving the proposal for a new conceptual model which addresses and accelerates a vision of the future of the interconnectivity between different DSCs, grouped in clusters in order to add value, through new forms of cooperation and digital integration. Originality/value: This research explores the gap in the current SCM models leading into Industry 4.0. The proposed model provides a novel and comprehensive overview of the new concepts and components driving the nascent and current DSCs. This conceptual framework will further aid researchers in the exploration of knowledge regarding the variables and components presented, as well as the verification of the newly revealed roles and constructs to understand the new forms of cooperation and implementation of Industry 4.0 in digitalized SCs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Digitization,Industry 4.0,Supply chain management,Supply networks,Technological change,Value chain
