An effective discrete artificial bee colony algorithm for multi-AGVs dispatching problem in a matrix manufacturing workshop	2020	Expert Systems with Applications	2020 Elsevier LtdThis paper addresses a new multiple automatic guided vehicle dispatching problem (AGVDP) from material handling process in a matrix manufacturing workshop. The problem aims to determine a solution with the objective of minimizing the transportation cost including travel cost, penalty cost for violating time and AGV cost. For this purpose, a mixed integer linear programming model is first formulated based on a comprehensive investigation. Then, a discrete artificial bee colony algorithm (DABC) is presented together with some novel and advanced techniques for solving the problem. In the proposed DABC algorithm, a nearest-neighbor-based heuristic based on the problem-specific characteristics is presented to generate an initial solution with a high level of quality. Five effective neighborhood operators are presented to generated neighboring solutions with a high level of diversity. Four theorems are proposed to avoid the unfeasible solutions generated by the neighborhood operators. Two new control parameters are introduced. One is to balance the global exploration and local exploitation in employed bee and onlooker bee phases. The other is to enhance the local exploitation capability of the neighborhood operators. Besides, an insertion-based local search method is provided for the scout bee phase to lead the algorithm to a promising region of the solution space. A comprehensive and thorough evaluation with 110 instances collected from a real-world factory shows that the presented algorithm produces superior results which are also demonstrated to be statistically significant than the existing algorithms in the close related literature.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,Discrete artificial bee colony algorithm,Dispatching,Heuristics,Matrix manufacturing workshop
Positioning Accuracy Improvement of Automated Guided Vehicles Based on a Novel Magnetic Tracking Approach	2020	IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine	2009-2012 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have been widely adopted in the logistic delivering of modern manufacturing. As a key performance index for an AGV, the positioning accuracy of commercial AGVs based on the traditional magnetic tracking approach is bigger than ?5mm, which cannot meet the requirement of many industrial applications. Thus, we proposed a novel magnetic tracking approach to improve the positioning accuracy of AGVs. A super strong magnetic nail, instead of the low-remanence magnetic nail, can be more easily tracked by a two-dimensional (2D) rather than 1 D sensor array. The magnetic flux intensity around the magnetic nail can be expressed as a dipole model. Hence, the location and orientation of the nail can be computed via the sensor array data and a hybrid optimization algorithm, which is combined by the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm and Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) algorithm performed on a microcontroller. We carried out experiments to verify the performance of the proposed positioning system in a series of initial driving speeds and target distances, where an N35 neodymium magnetic nail functioned as the designated AGV positioning point. Results show that the average positioning accuracy is improved to ?1.69mm, and the positioning accuracy can be further improved by a better motion control strategy. In addition, our proposed magnetic tracking approach can be easily fused with other navigation approaches such as laser and inertial sensing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Priority-based speed control strategy for automated guided vehicle path planning in automated container terminals	2020	Transactions of the Institute of Measurement and Control	The Author(s) 2020.With the continuous increase in labour costs and the demands of the supply chain, improving the efficiency of automated container terminals has been a key factor in the development of ports. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are the main means of horizontal transport in such terminals, and problems in relation to their use such as vehicle conflict, congestion and waiting times have become very serious, greatly reducing the operating efficiency of the terminals. In this article, we model the minimum driving distance of AGVs that transport containers between quay cranes (QCs) and yard cranes (YCs). AGVs are able to choose the optimal path from pre-planned paths by testing the overlap rate and the conflict time. To achieve conflict-free AGV path planning, a priority-based speed control strategy is used in conjunction with the Dijkstra depth-first search algorithm to solve the model. The simulation experiments show that this model can effectively reduce the probability of AGVs coming into conflict, reduce the time QCs and YCs have to wait for their next task and improve the operational efficiency of AGV horizontal transportation in automated container terminals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Instrumentation	AGV conflict,Automated container terminals,Dijkstra-DFS algorithm,path planning,speed control
Quantum ant colony optimization algorithm for AGVs path planning based on Bloch coordinates of pheromones	2020	Natural Computing	2018, Springer Nature B.V.In this work, a novel quantum ant colony optimization algorithm for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) path planning based on Bloch coordinates of pheromones is proposed. In consideration of the difficulty in solving the AGVs path planning problem because of NP-hard computational complexity, this approach combines the advantages of quantum theory and ant colony algorithm to obtain feasible, conflict-free, and optimal paths. To expand the search space, the pheromones on paths are coded according to Bloch coordinates. To make full use of the pheromones of three-dimensional Bloch coordinates, they are chosen with certain probabilities in accordance with the paths they obtained. Repulsions among AGVs are supposed to exist to avoid conflicts. A repulsion factor is employed in the state transition rule to increase the space–time distance among AGVs as much as possible. We compare the performance of the proposed algorithm with those of the other three methods in simulation of AGVs path planning at an automated container terminal. Simulation results illustrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) path planning,Bloch coordinates of pheromones,Quantum ant colony optimization,Repulsion factor
Comparison of machine learning algorithms for the automatic programming of computer numerical control machine	2020	International Journal of Data and Network Science	2020 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada.The computer numerical control (CNC) machines are chiefly used for the production of jobs with high accuracy and high speed. The CNC machining centers perform the machining operations according to the given program instructions which are commonly programmed by a CNC programmer. In this paper, a procedure to develop an automatic CNC program for machining of different types of holes by using different machine learning algorithms is developed. The machine learning algorithms namely support vector machine (SVM) and restricted boltzmann machine algorithm (RBM) with deep belief network (DBN) are used for the automatic development of CNC machining programs of different types of holes. Initially, the position and other parameters of machining operations are identified and thereafter the CNC machining program is developed by using the MATLAB application. The automatically developed CNC programs are tested on a CNC simulator. It is found that the application of RBM machine learning algorithm with DBN outperforms the SVM machine learning algorithm for the development of automatic CNC machining program for the machining of blind holes, through holes, counterbores and countersink operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence,Communication	Artificial intelligence,CNC programming,Deep belief network,Machine learning algorithms,Restricted boltzmann machine,Support vector machine
Efficient path planing for articulated vehicles in cluttered environments	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Motion planning and control for articulated logistic vehicles such as tugger trains is a challenging problem in service robotics. The case of tugger trains presents particular difficulties due to the kinematic complexity of these multiarticulated vehicles. Sampling-based motion planners offer a motion planning solution that can take into account the kinematics and dynamics of the vehicle. However, their planning times scale poorly for high dimensional systems, such as these articulated vehicles moving in a big map. To improve the efficiency of the sampling-based motion planners, some approaches combine these methods with discrete search techniques. The goal is to direct the sampling phase with heuristics provided by a faster, precociously ran, discrete search planner. However, sometimes these heuristics can mislead the search towards unfeasible solutions, because the discrete search planners do not take into account the kinematic and dynamic restrictions of the vehicle. In this paper we present a solution adapted for articulated logistic vehicles that uses a kinodynamic discrete planning to bias the sampling-based algorithm. The whole system has been applied in two different towing tractors (a tricycle and a quadricycle) with two different trailers (simple trailer and synchronized shaft trailer).	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Articulated vehicles,Autonomous robot navigation,Mobile robot control,Motion planning
Storage assignment policy with awareness of energy consumption in the Kiva mobile fulfilment system	2020	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	2020To facilitate more efficient and environmentally-friendly order picking operations, this study explores the optimal storage assignment policy in the Kiva mobile fulfilment system. First, temporal association analysis and a clustering approach are employed to identify highly correlated items to be stored in the same rack. Next, in order to avoid AGV blocking, a new turnover-rate-based decentralized storage policy (TRBDSP) is proposed. Subsequently, an order picking performance evaluation method is presented. Finally, simulation studies are performed to ascertain the effectiveness of TRBDSP. The results show that the new approach can significantly improve order picking efficiency and reduce AGV energy consumption.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Energy consumption,Kiva mobile fulfilment system,Mobile racks,Storage assignment
Deep-trained illumination-robust precision positioning for real-time manipulation of embedded objects	2020	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2020, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.Automated manipulation guided by a precision visual positioning system is realized based on a convolutional neural network (ConvNet) trained on coordinate-explicit target images. Whereas ConvNet has exhibited superior illumination adaptability, it is still possible that high-contrast illumination effects may reduce the success rate of visually guided manipulation in the factory. In this paper, an automated training data generation scheme is proposed to enhance the performance of the visual positioning ConvNet under high-contrast shadows cast by other objects. By collecting dozens of illumination patterns, illumination templates are created by the image-to-image translation GAN (pix2pix GAN). The templates are then applied to the basis photo of the target object to spawn multiple virtual images which vastly enrich the illumination diversity of the training set for the visual positioning ConvNet. Experiments were conducted to verify the effectiveness of the pix2pix GAN illumination generation module. Experimental results also showed that the positioning accuracy augmented by the illumination module reaches above 85%, while without the illumination-augmented training, the positioning accuracy is below 15%. Experiments on automated visual manipulation with a 5-DOF manipulator also confirmed the feasibility of adopting the proposed framework for real-time operations. With the illumination-augmented training, the manipulation success rate is above 90%; without it, the success rate is less than 40%. We provide the data used for training pix2pix GAN to generate the illumination templates at https://github.com/ntutindustry40/OneShot-II.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Convolutional neural network,GAN,Illumination,Manipulation,pix2pix,Visual positioning
Gait Control of Robotic Leg Prosthesis Based on Motion Predictive System	2020	ICARM 2020 - 2020 5th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Mechatronics	2020 IEEE.This paper aims to propose a motion predictive system for the gait control of robotic leg prosthesis to realize the smooth translation between different walking speeds and terrain conditions. By combining the signal of inertial measurement unit (IMU) and the RGBD camera, walking terrain conditions were recognized, such as the level ground, slop, up stair and down stair. Moreover, the thigh angle of amputee can be measured by another IMU mounted on the residual limb. The phase variable was constructed to realize the smooth translation between different walking states. Combining the signal of force sensor attached on the footplate of the leg prosthesis, the following gait of the amputee can be predicted.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization	None
Optimization of the extraction of phenolic compounds and antioxidant activity from the roots of waltheria ovata using the response surface methodology	2020	Food Research	2020 The Authors. Published by Rynnye Lyan Resources.Waltheria ovata is a medicinal plant belonging to the Sterculiaceae genus. Natural products of Waltheria ovata could be used in the food industry as natural antioxidants due to its high content of polyphenols according to the literature. The main objective in this research was to optimize the extraction of phenolic compounds and the antioxidant activity from Waltheria ovata roots using response surface methodology (RSM). The total phenolic content in different extracts was determined by spectrophotometric method (Folin-Ciocalteu reagent) and the antioxidant activity by using DPPH assay. To optimize the conditions for total phenolic content and antioxidant activity were used three independent variables: solvent/sample ratio (1:10, 1:20 and 1:30 g/mL), temperature (40, 50, and 60°C) and time (40, 50 and 60 mins). The results showed that total phenolic content and antioxidant activity in the experiments ranged from 8.7 to 12.1 mg GAE/g and 76.1% to 96.7%, respectively. The coefficients of determination (R2 values) for phenolic content and antioxidant activity were 0.86 and 0.91, respectively. Under the optimum conditions of 1:20 g/mL, 60°C and 55 mins of extraction, the values for total phenolic content and antioxidant activity were 0.448±0.02 mg GAE/g and 87.00±2.0%, respectively. These data showed that the experimental responses were reasonably close to the predicted responses (0.444 mg GAE/g and 84.67%). Therefore, the results showed that Waltheria ovata can be used as antioxidant in foods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Peru	0	Food Science	Antioxidant,Polyphenols,Response surface methodology,Spectrophotometry,Waltheria ovata
Smart building surveillance system as shared sensory system for localization of agvs	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The objective of this study is to extend the possibilities of robot localization in a known environment by using the pre-deployed infrastructure of a smart building. The proposed method demonstrates a concept of a Shared Sensory System for the automated guided vehicles (AGVs), when already existing camera hardware of a building can be utilized for position detection of marked devices. This approach extends surveillance cameras capabilities creating a general sensory system for localization of active (automated) or passive devices in a smart building. The application is presented using both simulations and experiments for a common corridor of a building. The advantages and disadvantages are stated. We analyze the impact of the captured frame’s resolution on the processing speed while also using multiple cameras to improve the accuracy of localization. The proposed methodology in which we use the surveillance cameras in a stand-alone way or in a support role for the AGVs to be localized in the environment has a huge potential utilization in the future smart buildings and cities. The available infrastructure is used to provide additional features for the building control unit, such as awareness of the position of the robots without the need to obtain this data directly from the robots, which would lower the cost of the robots themselves. On the other hand, the information about the location of a robot may be transferred bidirectionally between robots and the building control system to improve the overall safety and reliability of the system.	Journal	j	le	Letter	Czech Republic	0	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Localization,Marker detection,Shared sensory system,Smart buildings,Surveillance system
Amoeba-inspired analog electronic computing system integrating resistance crossbar for solving the travelling salesman problem	2020	Scientific Reports	2020, The Author(s).Combinatorial optimization to search for the best solution across a vast number of legal candidates requires the development of a domain-specific computing architecture that can exploit the computational power of physical processes, as conventional general-purpose computers are not powerful enough. Recently, Ising machines that execute quantum annealing or related mechanisms for rapid search have attracted attention. These machines, however, are hard to map application problems into their architecture, and often converge even at an illegal candidate. Here, we demonstrate an analogue electronic computing system for solving the travelling salesman problem, which mimics efficient foraging behaviour of an amoeboid organism by the spontaneous dynamics of an electric current in its core and enables a high problem-mapping flexibility and resilience using a resistance crossbar circuit. The system has high application potential, as it can determine a high-quality legal solution in a time that grows proportionally to the problem size without suffering from the weaknesses of Ising machines.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Multidisciplinary	None
Joint cell formation, cell scheduling, and group layout problem in virtual and classical cellular manufacturing systems	2020	Applied Soft Computing	2020 Elsevier B.V.Cell formation, cell scheduling, and group layout are three important problems in designing and configuring a Cellular Manufacturing System (CMS). This paper addresses the integration of these problems in virtual and classical CMSs considering alternative processing routes. The objective is to minimize the total handling costs and cycle time. Due to the computational complexity of the problem, hybrid metaheuristic algorithms are proposed to solve the problem. Depending on the type of cells, which is either classical or virtual, an encoding scheme is proposed to effectively represent candidate solutions. Placement algorithms are developed to obtain the layout from an encoded solution; these algorithms are either based on running a heuristic or a linear program. A computer software, called ICFLSD (Integrated Cell Formation, Layout, and Scheduling Designer) is developed to simplify the problem-solving process from the data entry to getting results. Numerical examples adopted from the literature are solved using the ICFLSD and CPLEX to assess the performance of the metaheuristic algorithms. The comparison results demonstrated the superiority of the simulated annealing to the other solution approaches considered in this study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Software	Cell formation,Facility layout,Hybrid metaheuristic,Linear programming,Scheduling
A periodic optimization approach to dynamic pickup and delivery problems with time windows	2020	Journal of Scheduling	2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.In dynamic pickup and delivery problems with time windows (PDPTWs), potentially urgent request information is released over time. This gradual data availability means the decision-making process must be continuously repeated. These decisions are therefore likely to deteriorate in quality as new information becomes available. It is still believed that the state of the art for this problem remains far from reaching maturity due to the distinct absence of algorithms and tools for obtaining high-quality solutions within reasonable computational runtimes. This paper proposes a periodic approach to the dynamic PDPTW based on buffering, more specifically a two-step scheduling heuristic which consists of the cheapest insertion followed by a local search. The heuristic’s performance is assessed by comparing its results against those obtained by a mixed integer linear programming model which operates under the assumption that all information is available in advance. Results illustrate how the performance is impacted by urgency levels, the degree of dynamism associated with request arrivals and re-optimization frequency. The findings indicate that increases in dynamism improve solution quality, whereas increases in urgency have the opposite effect. In addition, the proposed approach’s performance is only slightly affected by re-optimization frequency when changing these two characteristics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	1	Software,Engineering (all),Management Science and Operations Research,Artificial Intelligence	Buffering,Dynamic pickup and delivery problems,Dynamism,Logistics,Urgency
Reinforcement Quantum Annealing: A Hybrid Quantum Learning Automata	2020	Scientific Reports	2020, The Author(s).We introduce the notion of reinforcement quantum annealing (RQA) scheme in which an intelligent agent searches in the space of Hamiltonians and interacts with a quantum annealer that plays the stochastic environment role of learning automata. At each iteration of RQA, after analyzing results (samples) from the previous iteration, the agent adjusts the penalty of unsatisfied constraints and re-casts the given problem to a new Ising Hamiltonian. As a proof-of-concept, we propose a novel approach for casting the problem of Boolean satisfiability (SAT) to Ising Hamiltonians and show how to apply the RQA for increasing the probability of finding the global optimum. Our experimental results on two different benchmark SAT problems (namely factoring pseudo-prime numbers and random SAT with phase transitions), using a D-Wave 2000Q quantum processor, demonstrated that RQA finds notably better solutions with fewer samples, compared to the best-known techniques in the realm of quantum annealing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Multidisciplinary	None
Breaking limitation of quantum annealer in solving optimization problems under constraints	2020	Scientific Reports	2020, The Author(s).Quantum annealing is a generic solver for optimization problems that uses fictitious quantum fluctuation. The most groundbreaking progress in the research field of quantum annealing is its hardware implementation, i.e., the so-called quantum annealer, using artificial spins. However, the connectivity between the artificial spins is sparse and limited on a special network known as the chimera graph. Several embedding techniques have been proposed, but the number of logical spins, which represents the optimization problems to be solved, is drastically reduced. In particular, an optimization problem including fully or even partly connected spins suffers from low embeddable size on the chimera graph. In the present study, we propose an alternative approach to solve a large-scale optimization problem on the chimera graph via a well-known method in statistical mechanics called the Hubbard-Stratonovich transformation or its variants. The proposed method can be used to deal with a fully connected Ising model without embedding on the chimera graph and leads to nontrivial results of the optimization problem. We tested the proposed method with a number of partition problems involving solving linear equations and the traffic flow optimization problem in Sendai and Kyoto cities in Japan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Multidisciplinary	None
Advances in sensor technologies in the era of smart factory and industry 4.0	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The evolution of intelligent manufacturing has had a profound and lasting effect on the future of global manufacturing. Industry 4.0 based smart factories merge physical and cyber technologies, making the involved technologies more intricate and accurate; improving the performance, quality, controllability, management, and transparency of manufacturing processes in the era of the internet-of-things (IoT). Advanced low-cost sensor technologies are essential for gathering data and utilizing it for effective performance by manufacturing companies and supply chains. Different types of low power/low cost sensors allow for greatly expanded data collection on different devices across the manufacturing processes. While a lot of research has been carried out with a focus on analyzing the performance, processes, and implementation of smart factories, most firms still lack in-depth insight into the difference between traditional and smart factory systems, as well as the wide set of different sensor technologies associated with Industry 4.0. This paper identifies the different available sensor technologies of Industry 4.0, and identifies the differences between traditional and smart factories. In addition, this paper reviews existing research that has been done on the smart factory; and therefore provides a broad overview of the extant literature on smart factories, summarizes the variations between traditional and smart factories, outlines different types of sensors used in a smart factory, and creates an agenda for future research that encompasses the vigorous evolution of Industry 4.0 based smart factories.	Journal	j	re	Review	United Kingdom	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Industry 4.0,Internet-of-things,Manufacturing,Sensors,Smart factory
Blockchain for the future of sustainable supply chain management in Industry 4.0	2020	Resources, Conservation and Recycling	2020 Elsevier B.V.The objective of this study is to provide an overview of Blockchain technology and Industry 4.0 for advancing supply chains towards sustainability. First, extracted from the existing literature, we evaluate the capabilities of Industry 4.0 for sustainability under three main topics of (1) Internet of things (IoT)-enabled energy management in smart factories; (2) smart logistics and transportation; and (3) smart business models. We expand beyond Industry 4.0 with unfolding the capabilities that Blockchain offers for increasing sustainability, under four main areas: (1) design of incentive mechanisms and tokenization to promote consumer green behavior; (2) enhance visibility across the entire product lifecycle; (3) increase systems efficiency while decreasing development and operational costs; and (4) foster sustainability monitoring and reporting performance across supply chain networks. Furthermore, Blockchain technology capabilities for contributing to social and environmental sustainability, research gaps, adversary effects of Blockchain, and future research directions are discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Waste Management and Disposal,Economics and Econometrics	Blockchain,Circular economy,Industry 4.0,IoT,Supply chain,Sustainability
Container terminal layout design: transition and future	2020	Maritime Economics and Logistics	2019, Springer Nature Limited.Container terminals play an important role in the transportation of containerized goods in global supply chains. The number of containers handled in container terminals has increased astronomically. To accommodate and handle the increasing number of containers entering and leaving container terminals, their layout has seen several changes. New layouts require smaller footprint and must ensure faster, cheaper, and more efficient transfer of containers between the landside and seaside. This paper first reviews the literature on the transition of terminal layout designs from traditional to automated and future container terminals. Second, the relevant research needs to address strategic and tactical layout design problems are listed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Transportation,Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous)	Design optimization,Global supply chain,Marine terminal layout design,Maritime transportation,Next-generation container terminals,Vertical expansion
Industry 4.0 in the port and maritime industry: A literature review	2020	Journal of Industrial Information Integration	2020 Elsevier Inc.Ports and terminals have evolved and from the 2010s have entered into a fifth stage of evolution characterized by their digital transformation and alignment with Industry 4.0 practices. Co-operation among agents is a key element and integration not only involves Port Authorities, Terminals and Port users and related Port Services Providers but the city, port's hinterland and well beyond the Global Supply Chain. Internet of Things and sensing solutions, cybersecurity, horizontal and vertical system integration, cloud computing, 3D printing and additive manufacturing, big data and business analytics, augmented reality and simulation and modeling are the pillars of Industry 4.0. Some of those are mature enough in the port and maritime industry. However, others remain in their earliest stages in this business and thus, poorly covered by the scientific literature. The article reviews the state of the art on these new emerging technologies, summarizing how ports and terminals are deploying specific projects in the new era of smart ports and Ports 4.0.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Information Systems and Management	Global supply chain,Internet of things,Port 4.0,Port connectivity,Port innovation,Smart port
Advanced Models for the Simulation of AGV Communication in Industrial Environments: Model proposal and Demonstration	2020	DIVANet 2020 - Proceedings of the 10th ACM Symposium on Design and Analysis of Intelligent Vehicular Networks and Applications	2020 ACM.Wireless communication continuously gains importance in the industrial environment. Mobile communication, for example between Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), is a particularly challenging use case. The AGVs move in the industrial environment and require a connection to a central controller by means of wireless communication technologies. Most AGVs can not move without this connection. On the other hand the AGVs mobility effects the available communication channels. Therefore mobility and communication are directly linked in this use case. Common mobility and signal propagation models are not suitable to model these links and the emerging AGV behavior. In this work a new model structure for the simulation and evaluation of mobile wireless networks in the industrial context is proposed. A newly proposed mobility model is the core of this new model structure, which enables the evaluation of the communication networks effects on the mobile systems performance and behavior.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence,Automotive Engineering	industrial application,mobile wireless network simulation,mobility model,performance evaluation
Optimising the storage assignment and order-picking for the compact drive-in storage system	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.One of the most common systems in non-automated warehouses, is drive-in pallet racking with a shared storage policy (which is usually based on the duration-of-stay). Such scheme targets towards an efficient use of storage space, since its operation costs are directly related to the size and layout of the warehouse. In this paper, two mathematical programming models and two greedy-randomised based heuristics for finding (nearly) optimal storage and retrieval operation sequences for this type of storage system are proposed. The computational effectiveness of the proposed approaches is measured by considering two sets of synthetic instances. The obtained results show that the proposed heuristics are not only able to compute high-quality solutions (as observed when being compared with the optimal solutions attained by the mathematical programming models), but it is also capable of providing solutions in very short running times even for large instances for which the mathematical programming model failed to find feasible solutions. At the light of these results, the best heuristic is also tested using a rolling-horizon planning strategy in a real-world case study, obtained from a Chilean company. It turns out that the attained results are more effective than the company's current storage policy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Chile	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	combinatorial optimisation,shared storage policy,storage and retrieval heuristic,storage systems,warehousing systems
Analysis and design of inductive wireless power transfer link for feedback-less power delivery to enclosed compartment	2020	Applied Energy	2020 Elsevier LtdThe paper presents analytical investigation and hands-on design of inductive wireless power transfer link for a through-glass AC power delivery system into enclosed compartment such as industrial glove box or vehicle cabin. The system is fed from AC grid and creates a standard AC outlet within the enclosed compartment, capable of supplying loads of up to 1 kW. The system consists of three (namely, AC/DC, DC/DC and DC/AC) conversion stages, with the former and the latter realized by standard off-the-shelf units. The intermediate DC-DC power conversion stage, which is the paper focus, is realized by a from-scratch-built inductive wireless power transfer link, operating in load-independent voltage output regime without any feedback. It was recently shown that the output voltage of such a system, even when operating at load-independent frequency, remains influenced by the load due to practical issues. As a result, the output voltage resides within a certain range rather than remains constant, obtaining minimum/maximum values under rated load/no-load conditions, respectively. Since coils separating glass width typically possesses some finite uncertainty, values of both coupling coefficient and coils self-inductances may be different than nominal (design) ones and hence the output voltage would drift from its nominal range. Hence, due to the fact that upper and lower bounds of an inductive wireless power transfer link output voltage range are limited by DC link capacitor and DC/AC power stage constraints, tolerated glass width uncertainty is obtained in the paper. Moreover, compensating capacitors pair symmetrizing uncertainty tolerance of the inductive wireless power transfer link is also revealed. Simulations and experiments based on 400 V, 1 kW-rated inductive wireless power transfer link are presented to validate the analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	0	Building and Construction,Energy (all),Mechanical Engineering,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Inductive wireless power transfer,Load-independent regime,Output voltage range,Uncertainty tolerance
Design Framework for a Modular Floating Container Terminal	2020	Frontiers in Marine Science	Copyright  2020 Souravlias, Dafnomilis, Ley, Assbrock, Duinkerken, Negenborn and Schott.The design and development of an offshore port terminal is a complex task that involves distinctive design and decision challenges. In this paper, we propose the implementation of a floating, modular, platform that can act as an additional terminal of a port, with the aim of expanding its current container handling capacity. To this end, we introduce a generic methodology to tackle three aspects of an offshore terminal: terminal layout design, strategic logistics optimization, and operational process coordination. The terminal layout design includes the modular arrangements, handling on and between platform modules by the associated equipment. To select the final layout design concept, we evaluate different alternatives on criteria such as layout complexity, scalability, and the number of moves associated with the modular nature of the platform. Subsequently, the selected concept is given as input to a strategic logistics optimization approach that introduces a mixed-integer linear programming model. The proposed model minimizes the capital, operational, and maintenance costs of the floating modular terminal, i.e., number and size of modules, number and type of equipment, as well as capacities. In parallel, we develop a simulation of the floating terminal’s hinterland connections, where the number and type of required vessels are specified for relevant destinations and transport configurations. At the operational level, we focus on the coordination of handling equipment on the offshore platform by employing a tailored simulation/optimization approach. Our methodology is demonstrated on a case study that considers accommodating the growth of a port in the Hamburg-Le Havre range via the use of a modular, floating, transport, and logistics hub.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	0	Oceanography,Global and Planetary Change,Aquatic Science,Water Science and Technology,Environmental Science (miscellaneous),Ocean Engineering	floating islands,logistics hub,logistics optimization,offshore terminals,operational coordination,terminal design
Simulation the dynamics of hub-motors of an automatic guided vehicle in occurrence of planetary gear tooth defects	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The article discusses the process of studying the dynamics of hub-motor control systems mounted in an automatic guided vehicle (AGV), in the presence of breakage of the teeth of the ring gear of the planetary mechanism using virtual prototyping technologies. A model of a two-loop pulse modulated control system for the angular velocity of the Green E-Motion hub-motors as part of an AGV with a differential drive implemented in Matlab Simulink, with the integration of the mechanical part of the virtual prototype built in MSC Adams is described. The defect and backlash in the planetary gearbox of the hub-motors were modelled using 3D contact forces. Experimental test setup for the hub-motor virtual prototype validating is presented. As a result of co-simulation, the features of the hub-motors dynamics during the rectilinear movement of AGV in the occurrence of planetary gear tooth defects are revealed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Redesign Production Layout Using Dedicated Storage Method: Case Study of PT.Solo Grafika Utama	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2020 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.PT. Solo Grafika Utama is one of the companies in the field of newspaper production. The newspaper industry has strict production characteristics. Therefore, it requires a good factory layout in order to create effectiveness and production efficiency. The warehouse layout in PT Solo Grafika Utama still deficient in the application of material handling in warehouses so that it often raises problems. The problem is that the product arrangement in the warehouse is not optimal because there are still products stored in an wrong place. This article aims to provide an effective and efficient proposal to improve warehouse layout in PT Solo Grafika Utama using the dedicated storage method. Dedicated Storage is chosen to improve warehouse arrangement and minimize the distance of product displacement. After the proposed improvement, a better warehouse layout is obtained. In the proposed layout can also minimize the product displacement distance of 23% from the initial distance. Thus it can be said that the proposed layout is better than the initial layout and can be proven to be able to facilitate the handling of materials in the warehouse so that it can make newspaper production more effective and efficient.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Real-time locating system in production management	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Real-time monitoring and optimization of production and logistics processes significantly improve the efficiency of production systems. Advanced production management solutions require real-time information about the status of products, production, and resources. As real-time locating systems (also referred to as indoor positioning systems) can enrich the available information, these systems started to gain attention in industrial environments in recent years. This paper provides a review of the possible technologies and applications related to production control and logistics, quality management, safety, and efficiency monitoring. This work also provides a workflow to clarify the steps of a typical real-time locating system project, including the cleaning, pre-processing, and analysis of the data to provide a guideline and reference for research and development of indoor positioning-based manufacturing solutions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Indoor positioning system (IPS),Industry 4.0,Position data,Product tracking,RTLS,Traceability
A dynamic path planning approach for dense, large, grid-based automated guided vehicle systems	2020	Computers and Operations Research	2020 The Author(s)Real-time path planning for large, dense grid-based automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems, used for example to sort parcels, is challenging. Most approaches described in the literature are not fast enough for real-time control or are not able to avoid congestion. This paper presents a dynamic approach using a graph-representation of the grid system layout with vertex weights that are updated over time. By means of an extensive discrete-event simulation, we show that the proposed path planning approach significantly increases the throughput compared to existing approaches. Furthermore, it enables the recovery from deadlock situations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	0	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Automated guided vehicle,Centralized control,Deadlock recovery,Discrete event simulation,Dynamic path planning,Real-time control
Optimal Petri-Net Controller for Avoiding Collisions in a Class of Automated Guided Vehicle Systems	2020	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are being extensively used for transportation and distribution of materials due to their high-efficiency. However, the vehicle-collision free problem is challenging since, when modeling these systems, there are indistinguishable and uncontrollable events due to the limited sensors and actuators. This paper proposes an approach to the design of a maximally permissive (optimal) controller to prevent vehicles from any collision based on Petri nets (PNs). For a typical class of AGV systems, a system modeling algorithm is presented using labeled PN, where indistinguishable events are represented by a set of transitions carrying the same label, and an uncontrollable event by an uncontrollable transition. By virtue of the PN model, the collision-free problem is formalized as a conjunction of linear constraints that are converted into admissible ones by an algorithm such that the computational overhead due to uncontrollable events is significantly reduced. In turn, a method is developed to compute the set of consistent markings for an observed sequence of labels that represent signals generated by sensors. Finally, given an observed sequence, a maximally permissive control action is computed to enforce a conjunction of admissible linear constraints based on the set of consistent markings. The approach well addresses the challenging issues caused by indistinguishable and uncontrollable events. A typical AGV system is utilized to illustrate and verify the theoretical results throughout the work.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle,collision avoidance,discrete event system,Petri net
Receding horizon path planning of automated guided vehicles using a time-space network model	2020	Optimal Control Applications and Methods	2020 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.Time-space network (TSN) models have been widely used for collision-free path planning of automated guided vehicles. However, existing TSN models are planned globally. The global method suffers from computational complexity and uncertainties cannot be dealt with in the dynamic environment. To address these limitations, this article proposes a new methodology to decompose the global planning problem into smaller local planning problems, which are planned in a receding horizon way. For the local problem, new decision variables and constraints are incorporated into the TSN framework. Extensive simulation experiments are carried out to show the potential of the proposed methodology. Simulation results show that the proposed method obtains competitive performances and computational times are considerably reduced, compared with the global method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	automated guided vehicle,path planning,receding horizon planning,time-space network model
Interval max-plus fault-tolerant control under resource conflicts and redundancies: application to the seat assembly	2020	International Journal of Control	2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper reports the development and application of an interval max-plus fault-tolerant control to a seat assembly system. Such systems will undergo a profound change because novel seats for autonomous driving contain expanded safety systems and are more voluminous and heavy. Automated guided vehicles are a promising means of transportation in these systems, but they require dedicated and advanced control systems. This rises new challenges because such an assembly system can dispose both shared resources and redundant elements. This paper presents a fault-tolerant control framework, which allows dealing with systems containing shared resources as well as redundancies. It also overcomes the problem of uncertainties and constraints, which are inevitable in industrial reality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	assembly system,fault-tolerant control,interval analysis,Max-plus algebra,model predictive control
Hierarchical planning for multiple AGVs in warehouse based on global vision	2020	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	2020 Elsevier B.V.In automated warehouses, multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely used to sort parcels for improving storage efficiency. However, as the number of AGVs increases, the scheduling complexity also increases dramatically. This paper proposes a hierarchical planning algorithm for efficiently coordinating a fleet of AGVs in warehouses based on global vision. We use the camera installed on the top of the warehouse to capture the global image that is used to track AGVs. Based on a network congestion diffusion model, we quantify the road congestion and add it to the evaluation index to form a time-varying dynamic evaluation function. Then the improved A* algorithm and time window algorithm are combined as the hierarchical planning algorithm to search the idle path and avoid collisions. Extensive simulations show that the hierarchical planning based on global vision not only effectively schedules multiple AGVs in the warehouse, but also has lower time complexity than other real-time path planning algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	AGVs,Global vision,Hierarchical planning,Simulation
A new bi-objective integrated dynamic cell formation and AGVs’ dwell point location problem on the inter-cell unidirectional single loop	2020	Soft Computing	2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.In order to increase the flexibility, space utilization, product quality and safety, transferring the semi-manufactured parts between machines is performed by automated guided vehicles (AGVs). AGVs should be properly managed to maintain their efficiency as a material handling equipment in production systems. This AGVs’ management will be more important where the circumstances will be dynamic (i.e., where the volume and variety of demands are different one period to another). To determine one or several homes for idle AGVs (AGVs’ dwell point), the assignment of AGVs to manufacturing cell and to prevent the AGVs collisions are three basic aspects in their management. This paper proposes a new nonlinear mixed-integer bi-objective mathematical model of dynamic cell formation and dwell point location problem (DCFDPLP) for AGVs on unidirectional single loop in which AGVs assignment, location of dwell points for AGVs and transportation time of AGVs are considered besides cell reconfiguration, part families and machine groups formation in a dynamic environment. The first objective is to minimize the related costs, and the second one is to minimize the maximum response time for all AGVs. The nonlinear model is transformed to linear one. Due to the NP-hardness of DCFDPLP, a non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II) is developed to solve the problem. Finally, randomly generated test problems are generated to demonstrate the performance of NSGA-II as a solution procedure.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Geometry and Topology	Automated guided vehicle,Bi-objective optimization,Dynamic cell formation,NSGA-II,Unidirectional single loop
Improving just-in-time delivery performance of IoT-enabled flexible manufacturing systems with AGV based material transportation	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs) are driverless material handling systems used for transportation of pallets and line side supply of materials to provide flexibility and agility in shop-floor logistics. Scheduling of shop-floor logistics in such systems is a challenging task due to their complex nature associated with the multiple part types and alternate material transfer routings. This paper presents a decision support system capable of supporting shop-floor decision-making activities during the event of manufacturing disruptions by automatically adjusting both AGV and machine schedules in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs). The proposed system uses discrete event simulation (DES) models enhanced by the Internet-of-Things (IoT) enabled digital integration and employs a nonlinear mixed integer programming Genetic Algorithm (GA) to find near-optimal production schedules prioritising the just-in-time (JIT) material delivery performance and energy efficiency of the material transportation. The performance of the proposed system is tested on the Integrated Manufacturing and Logistics (IML) demonstrator at WMG, University of Warwick. The results showed that the developed system can find the near-optimal solutions for production schedules subjected to production anomalies in a negligible time, thereby supporting shop-floor decision-making activities effectively and rapidly.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous guided vehicles,Decision support systems,Flexible manufacturing systems,Industry 4.0,Internet-of-things,Shop-floor logistics
Deep reinforcement learning based AGVs real-time scheduling with mixed rule for flexible shop floor in industry 4.0	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2020 Elsevier LtdDriven by the recent advances in industry 4.0 and industrial artificial intelligence, Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) has been widely used in flexible shop floor for material handling. However, great challenges aroused by the high dynamics, complexity, and uncertainty of the shop floor environment still exists on AGVs real-time scheduling. To address these challenges, an adaptive deep reinforcement learning (DRL) based AGVs real-time scheduling approach with mixed rule is proposed to the flexible shop floor to minimize the makespan and delay ratio. Firstly, the problem of AGVs real-time scheduling is formulated as a Markov Decision Process (MDP) in which state representation, action representation, reward function, and optimal mixed rule policy, are described in detail. Then a novel deep q-network (DQN) method is further developed to achieve the optimal mixed rule policy with which the suitable dispatching rules and AGVs can be selected to execute the scheduling towards various states. Finally, the case study based on a real-world flexible shop floor is illustrated and the results validate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Deep reinforcement learning,Industry 4.0,Real-time scheduling
Model and methods to address urban road network problems with disruptions	2020	International Transactions in Operational Research	2019 The Authors. International Transactions in Operational Research  2019 International Federation of Operational Research SocietiesDisruptions in urban road networks can quickly and significantly reduce the quality of the whole transportation network, and impact urban mobility for light vehicles, public transportation, etc. In this study, we consider both unidirectional and multidirectional road network problems with disruptions and connecting requirements. These problems aim at reconfiguring the urban network in terms of road direction in order to maintain a path among all points of the network (strong connectivity). The former is defined on simple graphs, mainly modeling part of a city such as historical centers, while the latter relies on multigraphs, modeling more general networks. Restoring the network (strong connectivity) after some disruptions may require the modification of the orientation of some streets, that is, arc reversals. Such actions can disturb users' driving habits. Thus, two objectives are considered separately: minimizing the total travel distance and minimizing the number of arc reversals. We define formally both problems and propose two metaheuristics, a biased random key genetic algorithm and an iterated local search. Numerical experiments have been performed on a set of generated instances and on the urban network of Troyes (France).	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	3	Business and International Management,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation	biased random key genetic algorithm,iterated local search,metaheuristics,network design,smart mobility
Scheduling of container-handling equipment during the loading process at an automated container terminal	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2020To improve the operational efficiency of container terminals, it is important to consider the coordination of different types of container-handling equipment, which typically include vehicles, yard cranes and quay cranes. This paper addresses the integration of scheduling each constituent of handling equipment in an automated container terminal, in order to minimise the loading element of the ship's berthing time. A mixed-integer programming (MIP) model was developed to mathematically formulate this challenge. Small-sized problems can be solved optimally using existing solver. In order to obtain approximately optimal solutions for large-sized problems, an adaptive heuristic algorithm was created that can adjust the parameters of a genetic algorithm (GA), according to the observed performance. Experiments were carried out for both small-sized and large-sized problems to analyse the impact of equipment used in the loading process on berthing and computation times, as well as to test the efficiency of our proposed adaptive GA in solving this integrated problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Adaptive GA,Automated container terminal,Container handling equipment,Container loading,Mixed integer programming
A reward based connectivity-aware IoV neighbor selection for improving reliability in healthcare information exchange	2020	Peer-to-Peer Networking and Applications	2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.Internet of Vehicle (IoV) technology is a promising application of Internet of Things (IoT) employed in smart city environment for smart communication. Traffic handling and non-delay tolerant communication services are expected from the communicating vehicles to improve its application efficiency. With the consideration of IoV in healthcare applications, this manuscript introduces a rapid connection aware neighbor selection (RCNS) for improving the efficiency in handling medical information. The selection process is induced by an instantaneous reward based learning algorithm (RLA) for ease of neighbor selection. The multi-attributes of the neighbors in the information transmitting route are estimated with the knowledge of their position. Distance and reward of the neighbors in the transmission direction are assessed using a beacon-assisted vehicle discovery that minimizes the impact of collision. Different from the other neighbor selection schemes, this method is relies on renewed attribute estimated at the time of transmission. This aids the transmitter to decide transmission and modify transmission attributes. The performance of the proposed neighbor selection method is estimated through extensive simulation using the metrics: delay, delivery ratio, selection overhead and outage.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Software,Computer Networks and Communications	Healthcare information transmission,IoT,IoV,Neighbor selection,Reward based learning
Model reference shape asymptotic tracking control for linear systems	2020	ICIC Express Letters	2020 ICIC International. All rights reserved.By employing the concept of shape variable proposed, this paper is concerned with the issue of shape asymptotic tracking for a class of linear systems, where the shape asymptotic tracking is described by using the rigid motion. Considering the uncertainties, model reference adaptive control approach is introduced into control design. Compared with the existing results, the advantage of this paper is that the shape tracking control is considered for multi-variables linear systems based on the model reference method with the general model matching condition. By the Lyapunov theory, the shape asymptotic tracking controller is synthesized, which ensures that the shape of the controlled linear system can track asymptotically the shape of the reference system, and the boundedness of all other signals in the closed-loop system is also guaranteed. Finally, a simulation example is utilized to verify the effectiveness of the proposed controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Linear systems,Model reference adaptive control,Rigid motion,Shape asymptotic tracking,Shape variable
Unified dynamic and geometrical vehicle guidance strategy to cope with the discontinuous reference trajectory	2020	Vehicle System Dynamics	2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The most lateral vehicle guidance controllers proposed in the literature require a continuous reference trajectory. However, the controller performance can be deteriorated when the use of discontinuous reference trajectory in terms of position is unavoidable. In fact, this last leads to a large tracking error generating a large steering angle decreasing the vehicle manoeuvrability. To address this problem, a unified lateral guidance controller combining both dynamic and geometric approaches is presented. The main advantage of this controller is the use of few tuning parameters to modify the lateral guidance dynamic performance and to reduce the impact of the discontinuous reference trajectory. The effectiveness of the developed approach is evaluated through several simulations with a realistic vehicle model using CarMaker IPG.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mechanical Engineering	Autonomous vehicle,discontinuous reference trajectory,dynamic guidance approach,lateral guidance,LOS-geometric algorithm
Multi-objective optimization of production objectives based on surrogate model	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020, MDPI AG. All rights reserved.The article addresses an approximate solution to the multi-objective optimization problem for a black-box function of a manufacturing system. We employ the surrogate of the discrete-event simulation model of a batch production system in an analytical form. Integration of simulation, Design of Experiments methods, and Weighted Sum and Weighted Product multi-objective methods are used in an arrangement of a priori defined preferences to find a solution near the Pareto optimal solution in a criterion space. We compare the results obtained through the analytical approach to the outcomes of simulation-based optimization. The observed results indicate a possibility to apply the suitable analytical model for quickly finding the acceptable approximate solution close to the Pareto optimal front.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	0	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Manufacturing system,Metamodel,Multi-objective optimization,Simulation-based optimization,Surrogate model
Phollower—the universal autonomous mobile robot for industry and civil environments with COVID-19 germicide addon meeting safety requirements	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This paper describes the development of Phollower—an autonomous mobile robot intended to perform various logistical tasks in both industrial and civil environments. Phollower is equipped with the latest types of industrial components and sensors. It also employs advanced embedded navigation and localization software to create its own virtual maps and thereby to navigate autonomously within the mapped area. The whole development process has been focused on building a device that meets European safety standards. Phollower is a universal mobile platform that can be quickly expanded with specialized add-ons. A germicidal add-on for disinfection of indoor areas using UV-C light is described as a technology that helps to battle with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic crisis. The hardware topology combined with the proposed open Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) code and open-Powerlink communication bus creates a unique and easily extendable robot platform.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	0	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Autonomous robots,COVID-19,Open PLC,Safety devices,Simultaneous localization and mapping
Evolutionary machine learning for optimal polar-space fuzzy control of cyber-physical mecanum vehicles	2020	Electronics (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This paper contributes to the development of evolutionary machine learning (EML) for optimal polar-space fuzzy control of cyber-physical Mecanum vehicles using the flower pollination algorithm (FPA). The metaheuristic FPA is utilized to design optimal fuzzy systems, called FPA-fuzzy. In this hybrid computation, both the fuzzy structure and the number of IF–THEN rules are optimized through the FPA evolutionary process. This approach overcomes the drawback of the structure tuning problem in conventional fuzzy systems. After deriving the polar-space kinematics model of Mecanum vehicles, an optimal EML FPA-fuzzy online control scheme is synthesized, and the global stability is proven via Lyapunov theory. An embedded cyber-physical robotic system is then constructed using the typical 5C strategy. The proposed FPA-fuzzy computation collaborates with the advanced sensors and actuators of Mecanum vehicles to design a cyber-physical robotic system. Compared with conventional Cartesian-space control methods, the proposed EML FPA-fuzzy has the advantages of metaheuristics, fuzzy online control, and cyber-physical system design in polar coordinates. Finally, the mechatronic design and experimental setup of a Mecanum vehicle cyber-physical system is constructed. Through experimental results and comparative works, the effectiveness and merit of the proposed methods are validated. The proposed EML FPA-fuzzy control approach has theoretical and practice significance in terms of its real-time capability, online parameter tuning, convergent behavior, and hybrid artificial intelligence.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cyber-physical system,Evolutionary,Flower pollination algorithm,Fuzzy control,Machine learning,Mecanum vehicles
Group multi-role assignment with conflicting roles and agents	2020	IEEE/CAA Journal of Automatica Sinica	2014 Chinese Association of Automation.Group role assignment GRA is originally a complex problem in role-based collaboration RBC. The solution to GRA provides modelling techniques for more complex problems. GRA with constraints GRA is categorized as a class of complex assignment problems. At present, there are few generally efficient solutions to this category of problems. Each special problem case requires a specific solution. Group multi-role assignment GMRA and GRA with conflicting agents on roles GRACAR are two problem cases in GRA. The contributions of this paper include: 1 The formalization of a new problem of GRA , called group multi-role assignment with conflicting roles and agents GMAC , which is an extension to the combination of GMRA and GRACAR; 2 A practical solution based on an optimization platform; 3 A sufficient condition, used in planning, for solving GMAC problems; and 4 A clear presentation of the benefits in avoiding conflicts when dealing with GMAC. The proposed methods are verified by experiments, simulations, proofs and analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	None
Flexibility services based on openadr protocol for dso level	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Nowadays, Distribution System Operators are increasing the digitalization of their smart grids, making it possible to measure and manage their state at any time. However, with the massive eruption of change-distributed generation (e.g., renewable resources, electric vehicles), the grid operation have become more complex, requiring specific technologies to balance it. In this sense, the demand-side management is one of its techniques; the demand response is a promising approach for providing Flexibility Services (FSs) and complying with the regulatory directives of the energy market. As a solution, this paper proposes the use of the OpenADR (Open Automated Demand Response) standard protocol in combination with a Decentralized Permissioned Market Place (DPMP) based on Blockchain. On one hand, OpenADR hierarchical architecture based on distributed nodes provides communication between stakeholders, adding monitoring and management services. Further, this architecture is compatible with an aggregator schema that guarantees the compliance with the strictest regulatory framework (i.e., European market). On the other hand, DPMP is included at different levels of this architecture, providing a global solution to Flexibility Service Providers (FSP) that can be adapted depending on the regulation of a specific country. As a proof of concept, this paper shows the result of a real experimental case, which implements a Capacity Bidding Program where the OpenADR protocol is used as a communication method to control and monitor energy consumption. In parallel, the proposed DPMP based on Blockchain makes it possible to manage the incentives of FSs, enabling the integration of local and global markets.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Blockchain,Demand-side management,Flexibility market,OpenADR standard,Smart grid
Robust scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems with unreliable operations and resources	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper addresses the topic of robust scheduling for flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) with operation interruptions and unreliable resources. The proposed approach uses timed Petri nets as a model of the FMS in uncertain environments. This model includes controllable and uncontrollable transitions. The unexpected firings of the uncontrollable transitions represent operation and resource failures and the risk to deviate from the scheduled trajectories. This paper proposes an anytime graph search algorithm with a new objective function that combines performance and risk. In addition, the graph search incorporates a new filtering mechanism that learns from previous runs and two node expansion strategies. The performance of the proposed algorithm is compared with that of another already existing algorithm. A running example and a case study from a real company illustrate the efficiency of the proposed scheduling approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Colombia	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	discrete event systems,graph search,manufacturing systems,scheduling,timed Petri nets,uncontrollable events,unreliable resources
Omnidirectional mobile robots, mechanisms and navigation approaches	2020	Mechanism and Machine Theory	2020The omnidirectional drive is a popular challenging trend in today's mobile robotics where different areas such as swarm, humanoid, legged, train-based, underwater, air flying, and wheeled mobile robotics have been involved. Among them all, Omnidirectional Wheeled Mobile Robots (OMR) due to their low cost, simplicity, and their power in navigation have attracted a significant number of applications in various environments. Different wheel mechanisms including different mechanical wheel designs and various wheel topologies, and different navigation approaches, including control, driving, path planning methods and etc., are designed to achieve omnidirectional drive with different characteristics. For instance, some works attempt to reach a better speed, some others increase the robot's payload capacity, some works improve the motion stabilization and some others deal with uncertainty, vibration, slippage, and etc. In this paper, we present a review of the most effective omnidirectional wheel mechanisms and present the main challenges and navigation approaches that play important roles in OMR development. The important background works regarding each wheel mechanism are presented, the most important wheel mechanisms are presented and the current trending approaches are presented in order to assist designers and researchers to select appropriate mechanism and control approach fit to their requirements.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	0	Bioengineering,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Omni wheels,Omnidirectional,Wheel mechanisms,Wheeled mobile robots
Design of intelligent pedestrian and vehicle guidance system for zebra crossing based on millimeter wave radar	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2020 Journal of Physics: Conference Series.In order to protect the life safety of the pedestrian and strengthen the intelligent management of urban traffic, this paper's proposes is a set of low-cost and easy-to-install intelligent transportation pedestrian and vehicle guidance system. The system can be applied to the non-crossroads zebra crossing. On the premise of ensuring the safety of crossing pedestrians, it would reduce the waiting time of vehicles when there are no pedestrians or scattered pedestrians passing by, to improve the vehicle traffic rates and avoid the traffic accidents about people and vehicles snatch the right of way, so as to effectively guide pedestrians and vehicles to pass. The system uses STM32L431RCT6 microcontroller as the main control chip, uses millimeter wave radar technology to monitor the number of pedestrians in front of the zebra crossing, intelligently controls the time of pedestrian passing, and coordinate the traffic lights on both sides of the road for countdown display by Lora, and switches the traffic status of vehicles and pedestrians, for realize the function of traffic command. At the same time, the system will automatically upload the number of pedestrian to OneNET, providing access and management interface for superior applications, so that the transportation department can master the travel rules, and provides travel data for the construction of smart city. The system also can receive data returned from OneNET, and flexibly control the time of pedestrian passing at that moment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Heterogeneous Particle Swarm Optimizer and its Application in Aircraft Manufacturing Logistics	2020	2020 IEEE International Conference on Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC 2020	2020 IEEE.Particle swarm optimization (PSO) attracts much attention due to its ability in solving complex practical engineering problems effectively. To further improve its performance, a heterogeneous particle swarm optimizer (HPSO) is proposed in this work. Five widely used benchmark functions are selected to test its efficiency. Furthermore, five state-of-the-art improved PSO variants are selected for a comparisons purpose. The results demonstrate that HPSO is better than the other five algorithms. A logistics problem in aircraft manufacturing is then studied and solved. The results show HPSO's superiority over its tested PSO variants.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Control and Optimization,Sensory Systems	aircraft manufacturing logistics,evolutionary computation,facility location,particle swarm optimizer (PSO)
Quadratic Planning Method for Eliminating Driving Collision and Path Tortuosity	2020	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2020 ACM.In the scene of intelligent warehousing and automatic production line, the automatic guidance vehicle (AGV) needs to work continuously among multi-objective points, but the existing path planning algorithm has the problems of driving collision and path tortuosity. Therefore, this paper proposes a quadratic planning method for eliminating driving collision and path tortuosity, which includes two parts: collision elimination and path winding elimination. Firstly, according to the characteristics of collision points on the path, a description model is established, and an algorithm for eliminating collision is given. Then, an algorithm for eliminating redundant tortuosity is developed based on collision elimination. Finally, the procedure of quadratic planning method for eliminating driving collision and path tortuosity is given. The simulation results show that the contact times between the path and the obstacles after the quadratic programming are 0, and the AGV can save 24.4% of driving time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	AGV,Path planning,Secondary planning,Tortuous path,Traffic collision
Simulation Research on Optimization of AGV Charging Strategy for Automated Terminal 自动化码头运输设备充电策略优化的仿真研究	2020	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	2020, The Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation. All right reserved.As the automated container terminal is the development trend of terminal, AGV (automated guided vehicle) becomes the most widely used horizontal transportation tool and it is important to make its reasonable charging strategy. Aiming at the shortcomings of the current AGV, a charging strategy of offline charging being primary and online charging being auxiliary is proposed. In order to solve the problem of location selection of online charging station, a quick method of selecting effective stations by using heat zone map is proposed. Through a large number of simulation experiments using this strategy, the fact that the number of AGV can be reduced under the same workload, shows that the efficiency of horizontal handling of automated container terminal has been improved, which proves that the charging strategy is effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Automated terminal,Charging strategy,FlexSim
The research on mobile robot path routing based on PID Algorithm	2020	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2020 ACM.This paper mainly studies the path route of the mobile robot, and controls the left and right wheel drive of the robot by two AT89C51 chips. The PID algorithm is used to rectify the robot's route. Through programming, it completes the automatic control and rectification of the robot's path, then it can walk accurately according to the predetermined route.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Software	Automatic control,Mobile robot,PID algorithm,Single chip
Automated Guided Logistics Handling Vehicle Path Routing under Multi-Task Scenarios	2020	2020 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2020	2020 IEEE.In recent years, the application of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in industrial manufacture has attracted more and more attention. Based on reinforcement learning, an automated guided logistics handling vehicles routing algorithm was proposed under a multi-task scenario. First, the algorithm calculated routing paths for each task node using Q-learning to solve the 'curse of dimensionality' problem. Then, with the objective of comprehensive cost considering the time window, the optimal routing sequence was obtained using the depth first search algorithm (DFS). Finally, an example is given to illustrate the algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Multi-task programming,Path routing,Reinforcement learning,Time Window
Towards Industrial Scenario Lane Detection: Vision-Based AGV Navigation Methods	2020	2020 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2020	2020 IEEE.In this paper, we propose to apply lane detection to the automated guided vehicle (AGV) platform in an industrial environment to realize automatic driving of AGV based on visual navigation. Similar to the lane detection of urban roads or highways, we present two methods for AGV navigation band detecting. The first method is based on traditional image processing which combines an adaptive threshold method with Sobel operator to detect the navigation band. The other method is based on deep learning, which implements end-to-end edge detection by LaneNet and it overcomes the problem of uneven illumination that the first method is struggling with. The RANSAC algorithm is finally used to fit the edge lines from the detected edge pixels in order to generate the AGV control commands to achieve robust real-time AGV automated driving.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV,image processing,LaneNet,navigation band detection,RANSAC
Investigating the impact of energy source level on the self-guided vehicle system performances, in the industry 4.0 context	2020	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Automated industrial vehicles are taking an imposing place by transforming the industrial operations, and contributing to an efficient in-house transportation of goods. They are expected to bring a variety of benefits towards the Industry 4.0 transition. However, Self-Guided Vehicles (SGVs) are battery-powered, unmanned autonomous vehicles. While the operating durability depends on self-path design, planning energy-efficient paths become crucial. Thus, this paper has no concrete contribution but highlights the lack of energy consideration of SGV-system design in literature by presenting a review of energy-constrained global path planning. Then, an experimental investigation explores the long-term effect of battery level on navigation performance of a single vehicle. This experiment was conducted for several hours, a deviation between the global trajectory and the ground-true path executed by the SGV was observed as the battery depleted. The results show that the mean square error (MSE) increases significantly as the battery’s state-of-charge decreases below a certain value.	Journal	j	re	Review	Canada	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Energy resource management,Energy-awareness,Industry 4.0,Self-guided vehicle,SGV-system,Sustainability,Trajectory planning
Interterminal truck routing optimization using deep reinforcement learning	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The continued growth of the volume of global containerized transport necessitates that most of the major ports in the world improve port productivity by investing in more interconnected terminals. The development of the multiterminal system escalates the complexity of the container transport process and increases the demand for container exchange between different terminals within a port, known as interterminal transport (ITT). Trucks are still the primary modes of freight transportation to transport containers among most terminals. A trucking company needs to consider proper truck routing planning because, based on several studies, it played an essential role in coordinating ITT flows. Furthermore, optimal truck routing in the context of ITT significantly affects port productivity and efficiency. The study of deep reinforcement learning in truck routing optimization is still limited. In this study, we propose deep reinforcement learning to provide truck routes of a given container transport order by considering several significant factors such as order origin, destination, time window, and due date. To assess its performance, we compared between the proposed method and two approaches that are used to solve truck routing problems. The experiment results showed that the proposed method obtains considerably better results compared to the other algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deep reinforcement learning,Interterminal truck routing
A study for further exploring the advantages of using multi-load automated guided vehicles	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The AuthorsMulti-load Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) has been proposed for a while, but the advantage of its application is still not fully understood today. In order to fill this knowledge gap, a novel integrated model of a multi-load AGV system is developed in this paper by using an advanced form of Petri Nets, namely Coloured Petri Nets (CPNs), to simulate the operation of the AGV system in various scenarios. The study reported in this paper is focused to answer a few key questions, i.e. whether system performance can be continuously improved by increasing the load capacity of the multi-load AGVs; if not, whether there is an optimal load capacity of the multi-load AGV for a particular system; and whether the multi-load AGVs can still work well in a system with flexible loading and unloading points. The research results have shown that the efficiency of the AGV system can be improved by increasing the load capacity at the beginning, but the effectiveness of such an approach will decrease when the load capacity increases above a certain value. In other words, an AGV system may not perform better after using a larger capacity of multi-load AGV and there must be an optimal load capacity of the multi-load AGV for a specific AGV system. In addition, it is found that a system with flexible loading and unloading points can perform better after using a multi-load AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Logistics,Petri Net,Scheduling,Simulation
A review of control algorithm for autonomous guided vehicle	2020	Indonesian Journal of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science	Copyright  2020 Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science. All rights reserved.The autonomous guided vehicle is a great and important platform for control systems. Their non-linear nature helps in analysing the control algorithms more efficiently and effectively. The main purpose of path planning is to find the optimal path avoiding the time complexity so environment can be modeled completely. For path planning numerous algorithms have been proposed to solve their non-linear nature. The paper contains brief explanation on AGV application, and its controller design architecture have been discussed with advantages and disadvantages, e.g. Fuzzy control, Neural Control, Back-stepping control, Adaptive control, Sliding mode control and PID control and linear quadratic regulator. At last a brief conclusion has been drawn on the bases of strength and weakness of all algorithms. The research will help the readers to understand mobile robotic path planning with different controllers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Signal Processing,Information Systems,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous guided vehicle,Control system techniques
End-To-End Production Process Orchestration for Smart Printing Factories: An Application in Industry	2020	Proceedings - 2020 IEEE 24th International Enterprise Distributed Object Computing Conference, EDOC 2020	2020 IEEE.Media production printing is following the Industry 4.0 era developments, towards the concept of smart printing factory. There, printers, post-processing machinery, media and product handling robots, automated guided vehicles and human operators shall be integrated in a seamless way for achieving higher production rates in a more efficient way, in a safe and ergonomic working environment. This integration of the various actors and the orchestration of their activities can be enabled by a process management system. This paper presents such a Printing Process Management System (PPMS), based on Business Process Management (BPM) technologies, that models and enacts end-To-end activities in a print shop. PPMS is a core information system of a cyber-physical system (CPS) for direct control of devices and humans in a smart production printing environment. It was implemented and demonstrated in the European EIT OEDIPUS 1 project for a major international printing technology provider, proving feasibility and giving insights into how BPM concepts and tools can be applied in smart printing factories.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Management Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Business Process Management,Cyber-Physical Systems,EIT OEDIPUS project,Industry 4.0,Printing factory 4.0,Production printing process orchestration,Smart manufacturing
A Time-Space Network Model for Collision-Free Routing of Planar Motions in a Multirobot Station	2020	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.This article investigates a new collision-free routing problem of a multirobot system. The objective is to minimize the cycle time of operation tasks for each robot while avoiding collisions. The focus is set on the operation of the end-effector and its connected joint, and the operation is projected onto a circular area on the plane. We propose to employ a time-space network (TSN) model that maps the robot location constraints into the route planning framework, leading to a mixed integer programming (MIP) problem. A dedicated genetic algorithm is proposed for solving this MIP problem and a new encoding scheme is designed to fit the TSN formulation. Simulation experiments indicate that the proposed model can obtain the collision-free route of the considered multirobot system. Simulation results also show that the proposed genetic algorithm can provide fast and high-quality solutions, compared to two state-of-the-art commercial solvers and a practical approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Collision avoidance,multirobot systems,routing,time-space network model
Misalignment-tolerant integrated IPT systems for tram logistics robots featuring dualpurpose coupler	2020	IET Electric Power Applications	The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020.This study proposes a misalignment-tolerant integrated inductive power transfer (IPT) system for tram logistics robots and presents an adapted parameter tuning method for the IPT system. A novel dual-purpose coupler, which could undertake the responsibility of power transmission and self-compensation is realised by substituted partially with compensation inductors of inductor-capacitor-capacitor networks, resulting in an integrated and cost-effective system configuration. With the analysis of working principles on the IPT system and considerations of operation conditions on logistics robots, an adapted parameter tuning method is provided to maximise system misalignment tolerance and maintain high efficiency of power transfer. To demonstrate the validity and safety of the proposed system, comparative simulations and security evaluations are conducted by finite element analysis. Besides, the constant-current output characteristic is simulated and proved. Finally, a 60.20 W experimental prototype is built. Results show that the system can operate stably with 87.31% efficiency at well-aligned cases and the power fluctuation is confined below 9% within -120 to 120 mm x-misalignment, -80 to 80 mm y-misalignment, -50 to 12.5 mm z-misalignment, and -30° to 30° rotatory misalignment. It is also verified that the system could operate safely without any secondary side.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A Robust Magnetic Tracking Approach Based on Graph Optimization	2020	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	1963-2012 IEEE.Magnetic tracking approach (MTA) is mainly based on the observation of the magnetic field produced by a magnetic tracking target. A permanent magnet is usually employed as the tracking target, and a magnetic dipole model is used to estimate the magnetic field. In this article, we introduce an intuitive method to solve the magnetic tracking problem based on graph optimization. A graph is constructed to formulate the tracking problem, whose nodes correspond to the poses of the permanent magnet at different times and whose edges represent constraints derived by sensor measurements. The accuracy and robustness of MTA play a vital role in biomedical and industrial applications. However, a potential abnormal edge will appear in the graph when a magnetic sensor is disturbed by an interference source like a small magnet, which will deteriorate the localization accuracy of MTA. To improve its robustness, Huber cost function is used to reduce the weight of the abnormal edge. Finally, experiments were carried out to verify the performance of the proposed approach with and without magnetic field interference. Comparing the localization errors with the MTA based on the standard Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm, the results illustrate that the proposed approach could achieve superior localization accuracy and anti-interference ability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Anti-interference,factor graph,graph optimization,Huber cost function,magnetic tracking approach (MTA)
Transfer-robot task scheduling in flexible job shop	2020	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This paper studies a simultaneous scheduling of production and material transfer in a flexible job shop environment. The simultaneous scheduling approach has been recently adopted by a robotic mobile fulfillment system, wherein transbots pick up jobs and deliver to pick-stations for processing, which requires a simultaneous scheduling of jobs, transbots, and stations. Two different constraint programming formulations are proposed for the first time for a flexible job shop scheduling problem with transbots, significantly outperforming all other benchmark approaches in the literature and proving optimality of the well-known benchmark instances.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Constraint programming,Flexible job shop,Robot task scheduling,Simultaneous scheduling
Minimum Time - Minimum Jerk Optimal Traffic Management for AGVs	2020	IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters	2016 IEEE.A combined minimum time - minimum jerk traffic management system for the vehicle coordination in an automated warehouse is presented. The algorithm is organised in two steps: in the first, a simple minimum time optimisation problem is solved, in the second step, this time-optimal solution is refined into a smooth minimum jerk plan for the autonomous forklifts in order to avoid impulsive forces that may unbalance the vehicle. For the first step, we propose a novel approach based on Linear Programming, which guarantees convergence to the optimal solution starting from a feasible point, and a low computational overhead, which makes it suitable for real-time applications. The output of this step is a piecewise constant velocity profile for all the moving robots that ensures collision avoidance. The second step takes such speed profile and generates its smoothed version, which minimises the jerk while respecting the same levels of safety of the solution generated by the first step. We discuss the different solutions with simulation and experimental data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	minimum jerk,multi-agent,optimal control,semi-analytic solutions,Smoothing,traffic management
Intelligence, security, and vehicular sensor networks in internet of things (IoT)-enabled smart-cities: An overview	2020	Computers and Electrical Engineering	2020 Elsevier LtdSecurity in Vehicular Sensor Networks (VSNs) is a critical subject that must be addressed in the emerging Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS). Users share confidential information that can be used against them by attackers. Popular attacks include Malwares and Spams, Black Holes, Wormholes, and Physical/Electronic Outages. Such VSN attacks can lead to loss of life due to road accidents and breach of privacy. In this paper, we overview the VSN concept in a vehicular IoT-based smart city paradigm, focusing on the security aspects. In addition, we discuss the design features of VSN, its robustness, and reliability. We also discuss relevant communication technologies and their security concerns. We highlight the main open research issues in literature and provide hints for overcoming them. This analysis concludes that VSNs play a key role in developing efficient ITS. Nevertheless, current VSNs security standards must be improved for a reliable, and safe transportation system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Intelligent transport,Internet of things,Security,Sensors,Smart city,V2V,V2X,VANETs,Vehicular sensor,VSN
A Distributed Control Approach to Automated Manufacturing Systems with Complex Routes and Operations Using Petri Nets	2020	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.The development of efficient solutions for deadlock problem in large-scale automated manufacturing systems (AMSs) is an issue of increasing interest in the scientific community, largely because of the nonapplicability of most existing approaches as AMS grows in size. Furthermore, much of these approaches is focused on systems with either assembly operations or flexible routes, implying that generalizing these existing results to more complex systems is difficult. As a result, we initiate on the deadlock problem of AMSs embedding assembly operations in flexible routes. By modeling AMSs as Petri nets, an innovative distributed approach is developed in this paper, which can be realized in an online, look-ahead, and dynamic way without requiring external and extra information. Beyond the value of the presented results, this paper is also intended to develop more general results which will be adaptable to a broader class of AMSs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Assembly operations,automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),deadlock problem,distributed control,flexible routes,Petri nets
A Robust Control Approach to Automated Manufacturing Systems Allowing Multitype and Multiquantity of Resources with Petri Nets	2020	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.Up to now, the supervision and control of deadlock-free resource allocation has received considerable attention, particularly regarding their deadlock problems. To date, most solutions have supposed that allocated resources never fail. However, this is quite the opposite in reality since some resources may fail unexpectedly. A robust system should be resilient to such failures. In this paper, resources are divided into reliable ones and unreliable ones. On the basis of the deadlock avoidance algorithm which is proposed for the problem of deadlocks, we propose a robust control algorithm in the paradigm of systems of sequential systems with shared resources, which can acquire and release resources in a multitype and multiquantity way. It is validated to be a polynomially complex robust control algorithm by the distributivity analysis. Finally, experimental results show that the proposed approaches are effective as well as efficient in response to resource failures.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	14	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems (AMSs),deadlock-freeness,Petri nets (PNs),robustness
Data analytics-enable production visibility for Cyber-Physical Production Systems	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersWith the wide integration of the Cyber-Physical System (CPS) and Internet of things (IoT), the manufacturing industry has entered into an era of big data. Thus, manufacturing companies are facing challenges when conducting Big Data Analytics, including the high velocity of data generation, the enormous volume, the multifarious formats and types as well as the quality or fidelity. In this paper, a Cyber-Physical Production System (CPPS) using data analytics is proposed to enable production visibility. Firstly, this study uses data stream processing approaches to clean redundant data efficiently. Secondly, a Bayesian inference engine, which is trained by ming the historical data offline, is employed to identify the accuracy of an RFID-captured event online. Then, complex event processing is applied to fuse multi-source heterogeneous data. Finally, production progress visibility is achieved by the Business Process Management. The proposed system demonstrates that it is significant to implement real-time data collection, processing and visibility, as well as to improve production efficiency. A demonstrative case from the machinery industry is presented to validate the CPPS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Complex event processing,CPPS,Data analytics,Event stream processing,Production visibility
Efficient Approach to Scheduling of Transient Processes for Time-Constrained Single-Arm Cluster Tools with Parallel Chambers	2020	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.In wafer manufacturing, extensive research on the operations of cluster tools under the steady state has been reported. However, with the shrinking down of wafer lot size, such tools are frequently required to switch from handling one lot of wafers to another, resulting in more transient processes, including start-up and close-down ones. Also, wafer residency time constraint is critical for many wafer fabrication processes. To cope with the transient scheduling problem of time-constrained single-arm cluster tools with parallel chambers, based on a generalized backward strategy, this paper first builds timed Petri net models for these two transient processes. Then, two linear programs are derived for the first time to search a feasible schedule with a minimal makespan. Two industrial examples are given to demonstrate the effectiveness of the obtained results at last.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,Petri net (PN),scheduling,transient process,wafer manufacturing
Determinism in cyber-physical systems specified by interpreted petri nets	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In this paper, we study selected aspects of determinism in the control part of a cyber-physical system (CPS) that is specified by a Petri net-based model. In particular, the control interpreted Petri nets (CIPNs) are applied, which are an extension of the ordinary Petri nets, supplemented by signals (related to sensors and actuators) that permit communication with the environment. The notions of weak and strong determinism in a system described by a CIPN are introduced in the paper. The proposed concepts are supported by formal definitions and theorems. Moreover, a novel modelling methodology for a deterministic system specified by a CIPN is proposed. The presented solutions are illustrated by a case study example of a real-life cyber-physical system. Finally, the results of experimental verification of the proposed determinism-based techniques are demonstrated and discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Control logic,Control systems,Cyber-physical systems,Determinism,Petri nets
System Dynamic Modelling of Patient Flow and Transferral Problem in a Mixed Public-Private Healthcare System: A Case Study of Hong Kong SAR	2020	Journal of Systems Science and Systems Engineering	2020, Systems Engineering Society of China and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.The current healthcare system in Hong Kong is experiencing pressure due to constrained resources, with dramatic increases in inpatient services queue lengths, dissatisfaction with the working environment, unacceptable workforce arrangements and high turnover rate of hospital staff. To maintain the robustness of the healthcare system and a sustainable inpatients flow, the Food and Health Bureau launched a public-private partnership programme to utilise the resources of the public and private hospitals. This research investigates the potential for extension of the programme and further enhancing the sustainability of the long-term inpatient services under a mixed public-private healthcare policy via system dynamic modelling. The findings show that an increase of human resources in public hospitals does not substantially improve inpatient flow rate performance. Further, the results from the system dynamic approach provide insights into the expansion of the service areas of the programme and suggest increasing the number of referrals to private hospitals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems	inpatient transferral,mixed public-private healthcare system,scenario analysis,System dynamic models
Partial consolidated bioprocessing of pretreated Pennisetum sp. by anaerobic thermophiles for enhanced bioethanol production	2020	Chemosphere	2020 Elsevier LtdRapid industrialization and consumption of fossil fuels have led to considerable progress in the production of renewable biofuels like bioethanol. Lignocellulosic biomass such as grasses serves as cheap feedstocks for the production of bioethanol. However, the process involved in lignocellulosic bioethanol production is expensive which restricts its industrial production. The present study thus attempted to investigate a partially consolidated bioprocessing (PCB) approach using two isolated anaerobic thermophiles i.e. Bacillus paranthracis and Bacillus nitratireducens for direct conversion of ultra-sonication assisted sodium hydroxide (UA-NaOH) pretreated Denannath grass to bioethanol in co-culture consortium batch fermentation experiments. The process parameters for the PCB approach were optimized using the Box-Behnken design of Response Surface Methodology (RSM). The parameters that were considered were substrate concentration (5–10 g), incubation time (30–66 h), inoculum volume [1:1 to 3:3 (% v/v) and temperature (50–65 °C). The maximum ethanol concentration of 8.46 mM (0.39 g/L from 7.5 g/L of substrate loading) and ethanol yield (Yp/s) of 0.55 g/g of reducing sugar was obtained at 57.5 °C. In the same conditions the cellulase and xylanase activities were 0.8 U/mL and 11.53 U/mL respectively, while the lactate and acetate concentrations were 0.2 mM (0.009 g/L) and 2.9 mM (0.13 g/L) correspondingly. An increase in the substrate loadings to 250 g/L in a batch fermenter (3 L) resulted in the production of 373.35 mM (17.1 g/L) of ethanol concentration and Yp/s of 0.16 g/g of reducing sugar.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Environmental Engineering,Environmental Chemistry,Chemistry (all),Pollution,Health, Toxicology and Mutagenesis	Anaerobic thermophiles,Bioethanol,Co-culture fermentation,Consolidated bioprocessing,Pennisetum sp.
Incorporating vehicle self-relocations and traveler activity chains in a bi-level model of optimal deployment of shared autonomous vehicles	2020	Transportation Research Part B: Methodological	2020 The AuthorsThe combination of autonomous vehicles (AVs) and free-floating car-sharing scheme is expected to deliver high potentials of both through effective AV self-relocations. Little research has been done on the deployment of shared AVs (SAVs) considering the interplays among SAV relocations, supply-demand dynamics, and travelers’ multi-modal multi-activity schedules. This study aims to propose a bi-level system optimal model inclusive of a new hub-based relocation strategy to moderate the supply and demand of SAVs. The lower-level captures travelers’ activity-travel scheduling behavior by an extended dynamic user equilibrium model and the upper-level determines the hub locations, fleet size, and initial distribution of SAVs. A heuristic algorithm based on Lagrangian relaxation is developed to solve the network design problem. Numerical examples demonstrate that SAV relocations can significantly influence travelers’ daily schedules and enhance mobility efficiency in the multi-modal transport system. We also find that the proposed hub-based relocation strategy outperforms two common SAV relocation strategies in the literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Bi-level system optimal,Dynamic user equilibrium,Hub-based relocation,Shared autonomous vehicle
Advanced computational methods for agriculture machinery movement optimization with applications in sugarcane production	2020	Agriculture (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This paper considers the evolution of processes applied in agriculture for field operations developed from non-organized handmade activities into very specialized and organized production processes. A set of new approaches based on the application of metaheuristic optimization methods and smart automatization known as Agriculture 4.0 has enabled a rapid increase in in-field operations’ productivity and offered unprecedented economic benefits. The aim of this paper is to review modern approaches to agriculture machinery movement optimization with applications in sugarcane production. Approaches based on algorithms for the division of spatial configuration, route planning or path planning, as well as approaches using cost parameters, e.g., energy, fuel and time consumption, are presented. The combination of algorithmic and economic methodologies including evaluation of the savings and investments and their cost/benefit relation is discussed.	Journal	j	re	Review	Czech Republic	0	Food Science,Agronomy and Crop Science,Plant Science	Agricultural machinery,Metaheuristic algorithm,Optimization,Precision agriculture,Route planning
Sustainable industry 4.0 in production and operations management: A systematic literature review	2020	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This study draws attention to the upcoming changes within sustainable value chains and manufacturing environments caused by the digital transformation. With a special focus on Industry 4.0 (I4.0), the presented study explores the scientific progress within this research field. A systematic literature review approach using a set of predefined keywords and with several exclusion criteria was adopted in order to identify the literature that is related to sustainability in I4.0 and its impact in the area of production and operations management (P&OM). A total of 89 papers from the period 2010–2020 were identified, which were then examined along the lines of the most influential journals, key topics of the selected literature, geographical distribution, and sustainability dimensions. The analysis was executed via bibliometric and text mapping tools, namely NVivo and BibExcel. Furthermore, a focus group discussion with experts from European semiconductor manufacturing companies and researchers from several academic institutions was conducted to derive practical insights. The results of this study will contribute to the evaluation of sustainable I4.0 innovations from the past 10 years. The key issues and research gaps identified in this article will provide a reference point to encourage and guide interested researchers for future studies, thus supporting both theoretical and practical progress in this research area.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Austria	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Focus group discussion,Industry 4.0,Production and operations management,Sustainability,Systematic literature review,Triple bottom line
Agricultural Machinery Automatic Navigation Control System Based on Improved Pure Tracking Model 基于改进纯追踪模型的农机路径跟踪算法研究	2020	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2020, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.In order to improve the accuracy of driving straight when agricultural machinery works, an agricultural machinery path tracking algorithm based on an improved pure tracking model was designed. The linear tracking method of agricultural machinery was studied, which was based on the establishment of agricultural machinery kinematics model and pure tracking model. Aiming at the problem that GPS navigation accuracy was susceptible to noise interference, the Kalman filter was used to smooth the heading error and the lateral error so that higher accuracy heading and lateral errors can be obtained. In order to improve the adaptive ability of the pure tracking model, a fitness function was constructed based on the root mean square error of the lateral error and the heading error, and a weight function was designed, and the lateral error was used as the main decision parameter to determine the forward view in the pure tracking model in real time distance. In order to reduce the calculation time of the particle swarm, which the local search of the particle swarm can be performed as soon as possible, the inertia weight coefficient in the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm was improved. When conducting field planting trials, an automatic navigation control system for agricultural machinery was designed where Dongfanghong 1104-C was used as the experimental platform. Seeding experiment proved that: when the path tracking algorithm based on improved pure tracking model was adopted, the agricultural machinery travel speed was 0.7 m/s, the maximum lateral error of the linear tracking was 0.09 m; when the driving distance exceeded 5 m, the maximum lateral error was 0.02 m. The proposed improved pure tracking model had good applicability to the automatic navigation control of agricultural machinery, which can effectively improve the straight-line driving accuracy during agricultural machinery operation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agricultural machinery,Automatic navigation control,Forward-looking distance,Improved pure tracking model,Kalman filter,Particle swarm optimization
Glocal Control of Manufacturing Factories by Probability Control of AGV Transportation Mechanism: A Dissipativity Approach	2020	2020 59th Annual Conference of the Society of Instrument and Control Engineers of Japan, SICE 2020	2020 The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers - SICE.This paper presents a glocal control of manufacturing systems which utilizes swarms of vehicles for transporting the materials in the network of multiple subprocesses. With respect to the increasing in system's size, the stochastic properties of transportation mechanism, and the transportation delay, the following question is non-trivial: How to locally balance the stock levels of the buffers in any process while globally stabilizing the overall networks? To this end, we model the overall system by the feedback connection of a deterministic dynamical system and a stochastic memoryless map. The stability of the system is guaranteed by a proposed dissipativity approach. Agent-based simulations show that both the global and local objectives are attained even if the transportation delay varies much longer than the control period.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Optimization,Instrumentation,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Signal Processing,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Dissipativity,Glocal control,Manufacturing system,Probability control
Shortest Path Evaluation with Enhanced Linear Graph and Dijkstra Algorithm	2020	2020 59th Annual Conference of the Society of Instrument and Control Engineers of Japan, SICE 2020	2020 The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers - SICE.Path planning is one of the vital tasks in the intelligent control of autonomous robots. It is of prime importance from industrial as well as commercial point of view. Various autonomous vehicles are gaining popularity to reduce the on-field intervention of humans. The path planning problem is divided into two sub-problems: finding the feasible node pairs and then evaluate the shortest feasible path from the obtained feasible node pairs. Feasible node pair is the part of the path which do not pass through any obstacle. For the known static arena, the most popular method to solve these kinds of problems is the visibility graph (VGraph), but it is computationally intensive. This paper proposes an Enhanced Linear Graph (ELGraph), a method for finding feasible node pairs. The ELGraph has simplified linear structure which exploits the concept of line segment intersection, which may take low computational time. The simulations were carried out for VGraph and ELGraph to get the feasible node pair, and then Dijkstra algorithm evaluates the shortest feasible path. The results obtained shows that ELGraph takes lesser evaluation time and is computationally lesser intensive than VGraph, without compromising on finding the shortest possible feasible path.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Control and Optimization,Instrumentation,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Signal Processing,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous robot,Dijkstra algorithm,Path planning,Shortest path problem,Visibility graph
A hybrid multi-objective evolutionary algorithm to integrate optimization of the production scheduling and imperfect cutting tool maintenance considering total energy consumption	2020	Journal of Cleaner Production	2020 Elsevier LtdWith the increase in awareness of energy conservation and emission reduction in the manufacturing sector, the energy efficiency optimization of the production process is considered an effective way to promote cleaner production and environmentally sustainable development. Moreover, the transportation process and its energy consumption are non-negligible during the entire workshop production process. In practice, cutting tool degradation during operation is inevitable, which causes the actual processing time of work to be extended, so it is necessary to consider the degradation effects and imperfect maintenance. To reduce the total energy consumption in the manufacturing workshop with degradation effects and imperfect maintenance, this paper constructs a novel integrated optimization model including the flexible job-shop scheduling problem (FJSP), forklift transportation and imperfect cutting tool maintenance. First, an imperfect cutting tool maintenance with degradation effect strategy is presented, which makes the actual processing time of each operation more closely approximate the real-world processing situation. Second, an integrated multi-objective optimization model is formulated to simultaneously minimize the makespan, total tardiness, total production cost and total energy consumption. Third, a hybrid multi-objective evolutionary algorithm with Pareto elite storage strategy (HMOEA/P) is proposed to address the model. More precisely, three improved operations are presented: hybrid dominance principle, local search algorithms and Pareto elite preservation strategy. The effectiveness and feasibility of the parameter setting, improved operations and the proposed algorithm are separately demonstrated by the comparative experiments. Last, the superiority of the integrated multi-objective optimization model is proven by comparing different maintenance strategies and energy consumption models.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Hybrid multi-objective evolutionary algorithm,Imperfect cutting tool maintenance,Production scheduling,Total energy consumption
Review on AGV Scheduling Optimization 自动导引车调度优化研究综述	2020	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	2020, The Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation. All right reserved.AGV scheduling plays an important role in improving the efficiency and reducing manufacturing cost, but it is also a very complex combinatorial optimization procedure. AGV scheduling optimization is divided into three types, AGV static scheduling, AGV dynamic scheduling and AGV simultaneous scheduling with other resources scheduling. Various methods are summarized and listed, including traditional analysis method, modeling and simulation method, intelligent optimization algorithm and hybrid optimization method, and the advantages and disadvantages of each method are also analyzed. The deficiencies of AGV scheduling research are pointed out and the research directions for future are presented.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Dynamic scheduling,Intelligent optimization,Scheduling,Simultaneous scheduling
Medicine Delivering Smart Autonomous Vehicle	2020	Proceedings of 2020 IEEE-HYDCON International Conference on Engineering in the 4th Industrial Revolution, HYDCON 2020	2020 IEEE.This paper is aimed at design and deployment of an Autonomous Vehicle for delivering medicines and other utilities to individual patients in Hospitals. In this paper, we have focused on the aspect of medicine delivery in a particular ward or a room of the hospital assuming that there are four beds in that particular room. The Self driving vehicle works on the mechanism of a line following vehicle. The track is already defined and with an array of Infrared sensors mounted on the base of the vehicle, thus the accuracy of the line following is determined. Medicines are stored in a customized tray which consists of four boxes which open and close automatically using mini servo motors. The medicine inside the box is monitored using an IR sensor attached to the box. The unique identity of every box and the access(opening and closing) of an individual box is given through RFID cards. Every box can be opened only with its respective RFID card where as a Master card can access all boxes. Simultaneously a message is also sent to the Internet of Things based cloud platform regarding successful medicine delivery and intake by the patient. Thus a tracking system is complete for the medicine intake. Hence, the patient is virtually connected with his relatives, doctor, nurse, etc.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Instrumentation	ATMega 2560,ATMega 728P,Autonomous Vehicle,DC Geared Motors,Internet of things,Line Following Sensor,Medicine Delivery,Path planning,RFID,Servo Motors
Recharging prioritization method for the integration of electric vehicle fleets with the Smart Grid: An evolutionary computation approach	2020	2020 15th International Conference on Ecological Vehicles and Renewable Energies, EVER 2020	2020 IEEE.The recent advances on electric vehicles are accelerating their expansion across the world. Their advantages from the ecological point of view are positioning them as the future transport method. Despite of all their advantages, the recharging of these vehicles will raise difficulties from the point of view of power system planning due to their high-power demand. They can cause high consumption peaks over the system if many of them are charged simultaneously. Therefore, this problem must be solved for not to stop the expansion of electric vehicles. In this sense, this paper proposes the use of evolutionary computation methods for the planning of vehicle recharging as part of a complete platform based on virtual power plants. In this way, the integration between fleets and the grid can be achieved, reducing the peak power requirements. Different algorithms are described and compared here, showing their performance and computational cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Automotive Engineering	electric vehicle,evolutionary computation,Smart grid,vehicle-To-grid
New Smart Control based on MPPT/MEPT Algorithm for Hybrid Fuel Cell Power System	2020	2020 15th International Conference on Ecological Vehicles and Renewable Energies, EVER 2020	2020 IEEE.In this paper, a new algorithm for enhanced management of a hybrid fuel-cell system is proposed. The purpose of this algorithm, which has been called Maximum Efficiency Point Tracking algorithm (MEPT-Algorithm), is to polarize the fuel cell in an optimum point maximizing its efficiency and minimizing the fuel consumption. The goal is to guarantee fast power transients in the load while the fuel cell is kept in the optimum point by the hybridization of a fuel cell with an energy storage system (ESS) based on ultracapacitors. The hybrid power system model has been simulated in Matlab/Simulink applying the proposed algorithm and the classical Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) algorithm. The combined control in DC/DC converters allows us to modify the Fuel Cell's operating point, as well as its MPPT or MEPT algorithm. A detailed analysis of the results verifies the benefits of the use of MEPT vs only the MPPT. Typical figures of merit and conclusions are also presented in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Automotive Engineering	Energy/Power Density,Hybrid Energy Storage System (HESS),Maximum Efficiency Point Tracking (MEPT) Algorithm,Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) Algorithm,PEM Fuel Cell (PEM-FC),Ultracapacitor
Elevating Chemistry Research with a Modern Electronics Toolkit	2020	Chemical Reviews	Copyright  2020 American Chemical Society.With the rapid development of high technology, chemical science is not as it used to be a century ago. Many chemists acquire and utilize skills that are well beyond the traditional definition of chemistry. The digital age has transformed chemistry laboratories. One aspect of this transformation is the progressing implementation of electronics and computer science in chemistry research. In the past decade, numerous chemistry-oriented studies have benefited from the implementation of electronic modules, including microcontroller boards (MCBs), single-board computers (SBCs), professional grade control and data acquisition systems, as well as field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAS). In particular, MCBs and SBCs provide good value for money. The application areas for electronic modules in chemistry research include construction of simple detection systems based on spectrophotometry and spectrofluorometry principles, customizing laboratory devices for automation of common laboratory practices, control of reaction systems (batch- A nd flow-based), extraction systems, chromatographic and electrophoretic systems, microfluidic systems (classical and nonclassical), custom-built polymerase chain reaction devices, gas-phase analyte detection systems, chemical robots and drones, construction of FPGA-based imaging systems, and the Internet-of-Chemical-Things. The technology is easy to handle, and many chemists have managed to train themselves in its implementation. The only major obstacle in its implementation is probably one's imagination.	Journal	j	re	Review	Taiwan	1	Chemistry (all)	None
Static-dynamic hybrid sequential VPP network analysis	2020	IET Generation, Transmission and Distribution	The Institution of Engineering and Technology 2020.At present, most of the virtual power plants' (VPPs) networks are static networks, which cannot effectively describe the characteristics of the distributed generation in VPP. Therefore, a hybrid VPP network with static-dynamic nodes is constructed by simulating the charging and discharging time series characteristics of electrical vehicles. The influence of timing characteristics on VPP topology is studied, and the complex network characteristics of static-dynamic hybrid VPP network are analysed. The experimental results show that the sequential network can describe the characteristics of VPP network completely, improve the accuracy of VPP real-time recognition, and verify the effectiveness of complex network method in analysing sequential VPP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Prototype design for object coordinate detection using RP LIDAR concept	2020	Proceedings - 2020 6th International Conference on Wireless and Telematics, ICWT 2020	2020 IEEE.Today, the mapping and navigation systems are increasingly sophisticated, especially in detection systems. Detection system was become an important thing that could be very useful to be implemented in various fields such as searching system, exploration, military and also in the industrial sector. Detector system works using proximity sensor that can collect many environmental information by detecting objects around them. Recently, Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR) is one of the most popular tools for detecting object. The capability of LIDAR to detecting an object is very powerful. However, since the price of LIDAR sensor is very expensive, some researchers try to solve this issue. This study proposed a prototype system for object detection based on coordinates using RP LIDAR concept which is low cost. The prototype combined the HCSR04 ultrasonic sensor with a 360-degree continuous servo motor to build a detector system. The ultrasonic sensor is use for determined the distance and works by receiving a reflected wave from the transmitter, while the continuous servo motor is used for rotate the ultrasonic sensor, so that it can rotate 360 degrees according to the angle rotation. We do testing the performance of this prototype by using cartesian board with scenario that we set the prototype in the zero-degree position and the detection object in quadrants 1, 2, 3, 4 within a distance 5 cm - 50 cm. The result show that this prototype can detect the object coordinate with average error for x-axis is 1.178 cm and the y-axis is 1.2875 cm. This result means that the prototype was quite properly good to detect object coordinate.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Instrumentation	coordinate detection,design prototype,RP LIDAR concept
Design of automatic goods carrier robot system based on line sensor and fuzzy logic control mamdani	2020	Proceedings - 2020 6th International Conference on Wireless and Telematics, ICWT 2020	2020 IEEE.The development of control system, especially in the field of robotics was improving more progress in efforts to complete human work. One of them is an automatic goods carrier robot system that used in industry. At present, the majority of automatic goods carrier robotsystem still usea human control. In this paper, a design of automatic system for robotic goods carriers will be presented. One of the challenges in the development of a goods transport robot system is how the robot can run stably when carrying goods. This study presents a design of goods carrier robot system based on line sensors and fuzzy logic control. The input that used in this fuzzy logic system are the light and weight which obtained from the BFD-1000 sensor and barometric sensor. Meanwhile, the output of fuzzy system are the speed of right motor and the left motor, in order to stabilize the robot movement when the load was added. The simulation was is done to get the membership function value. Based on the simulation results using a case study, it is known that the load carried is 210 grams and the living sensor is sensor -2.5. Then the simulation results obtained speed of right motor PWM value of 21, 9 and speed of left motor PWM value of 64, 4. So that the robot runs in a straight state.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Instrumentation	Fuzzy Logic Control Mamdani,Goods Carrier Robot,Speed Introduction,Weight
Production line simulation in fixture product industry	2020	2020 4th International Conference on Electrical, Telecommunication and Computer Engineering, ELTICOM 2020 - Proceedings	2020 IEEE.This paper describes a production line simulation model to obtain information on the production quantity and optimal working hours of fixture products. Many industries experience has various obstacles in producing their products, such as one industry that produces fixture products. This industry often experiences problems in meeting production targets. Simulations are carried out to identify problems on the production floor before repairs are made. Simulations are carried out to duplicate the real system, namely the layout and production flow, so that problems can be found in this system. Production line simulation of fixture products using FlexSim Software. FlexSim is suitable for production, storage and delivery, transportation systems, and other aspects. The results showed that the quantity of the actual system produced 25, 4 units per shift the simulation model produced is 25, 8 units per shift. Based on the simulation results and actual results do not exceed 1, 97%, it can be concluded that the simulation model represents the real condition. The deviation between the simulation and actual results still be tolerated, and it shows a valid simulation model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Signal Processing,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Health Informatics	Expertfit,Fixture product,Production line simulation,Software FlexSim
Coil positioning for wireless power transfer system of automatic guided vehicle based on magnetic sensing	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.As an auxiliary function of the wireless power transfer (WPT) system, coil positioning can solve the power and efficiency degradation during power transmission caused by misalignment of the magnetic coupler. In this paper, a Hall sensor array is used to measure the change of magnetic flux density. By comparing the multisensor data fusion results with the preset data obtained from the coil alignment, the real-time accurate positioning of the receiving coil can be realized. Firstly, the positioning model of the receiving coil is built and the variation of magnetic flux density with the coil misalignment is analyzed. Secondly, the arrangement of the Planar 8-direction symmetric sensor array and the positioning algorithm based on data fusion of magnetic flux density variations are proposed. In order to avoid coil positioning misalignment caused by the unstable magnetic field distribution which is actually affected by the change of mutual inductance during automatic guided vehicle (AGV) alignment, the constant current strategy of primary and secondary sides is proposed. Finally, the coil positioning experimental platform is built. The experimental results show that the coil positioning method proposed in this paper has high accuracy, and the positioning error is within 4 cm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Coil positioning,Hall sensor array,Positioning algorithm,Wireless power transfer (WPT)
A Decision Framework for Automatic Guided Vehicle Routing Problem with Traffic Congestions	2020	Journal of the Operations Research Society of China	2018, Operations Research Society of China, Periodicals Agency of Shanghai University, Science Press, and Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.Automatic guided vehicles are widely used in various types of warehouses including the automated container terminals. This paper provides a decision framework for port managers to design and schedule automatic guided vehicle routing plans under time-varying traffic conditions. A large number of computational experiments on a grid graph are conducted to validate the efficiency of the proposed decision framework. We also proposed one efficient queueing rule in automatic guided vehicle routing scheduling. Although the complexity of the problem is high, computational results show that our proposed decision framework can provide high quality solutions within a relatively short computation time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Management Science and Operations Research	Automatic guided vehicle,Decision framework,Multiple vehicle routing,Traffic congestions
Manufacturing 4.0 operations scheduling with AGV battery management constraints	2020	Energies	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The industry 4.0 concepts are moving towards flexible and energy efficient factories. Major flexible production lines use battery-based automated guided vehicles (AGVs) to optimize their handling processes. However, optimal AGV battery management can significantly shorten lead times. In this paper, we address the scheduling problem in an AGV-based job-shop manufacturing facility. The considered schedule concerns three strands: jobs affecting machines, product transport tasks’ allocations and AGV fleet battery management. The proposed model supports outcomes expected from Industry 4.0 by increasing productivity through completion time minimization and optimizing energy by managing battery replenishment. Experimental tests were conducted on extended benchmark literature instances to evaluate the efficiency of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Algeria	1	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Battery management,Energy optimization,Job-shop scheduling,Transport constraints
Trajectory Prediction of Humans in Factories and Warehouses with Real-Time Locating Systems	2020	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2020 IEEE.Flexible intralogistics systems use automated guided vehicles (AGV) to transport goods. In assembly and warehouses, AGVs and human workers often work side by side. For optimal navigation, AGVs must consider human movement and estimate future positions of workers. Using real-time locating systems (RTLS) to improve human-robot collaboration enables more energy-efficient and safer AGV wayfinding strategies. This paper gives a summary on the topics RTLS, AGV wayfinding and trajectory prediction and introduces the momentum-based approach to predicting future worker positions in factories and warehouses. The results show that ultra-wideband-based RTLS are very well suited for trajectory prediction in the production sector.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGV,human-robot collaboration,indoor positioning system,Real-time locating system (RTLS),trajectory prediction,ultra-wideband
Modeling the electrical power and energy consumption of automated guided vehicles to improve the energy efficiency of production systems	2020	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2020, The Author(s).Due to the advancing energy system transformation and the increasingly complex and dynamic environment in which factories have to operate, the energy efficiency and flexible design of production systems are becoming more important. Since the use of automated guided vehicles is a promising approach to enhance the flexibility of intralogistics, their electrical power requirements are analyzed. Based on the measurement data obtained, different movement modules of an automated guided vehicle are identified and then modeled using physical laws. These movement modules are the translatory movement, rotary movement, and the lifting and lowering of the load-carrying platform. The measurement data show, for example, that the energy requirement for translational and rotational movement increases in relation to the payload weight. At the same time, however, it is also shown that an increase in speed of the automated guided vehicle leads to a lower energy requirement, although the power requirement grows. Consequently, one result is that an automated guided vehicle works most efficiently when the maximum payload is transported at the highest speed. With regard to the lifting and lowering of loads, the result is an increasing energy requirement depending on the payload weight. The comparison between the collected measurement data and the outcomes of the implemented simulation model shows only minor deviations. Thus, the implemented simulation model of automated guided vehicles can be used with regard to their electrical power consumption, for example, in production planning to comprehensively raise the energy efficiency of production systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Energy efficiency,Factory modeling,Intralogistic
Assessing Long Distance Communication Alternatives for the Remote Control of AGVs	2020	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2020 IEEE.Remote monitoring and control of factory equipment promises a more streamlined and therefore less expensive system operation and maintenance. The geographical distance between a factory and its control center, however, may influence the Quality of Service parameters of the network connections which might stymie the overall control process. To get a better understanding of these potential issues and their impact, we conducted a series of measurements over varying distances for the remote control, operation and simulation of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) that are often used in modern factory environments. To achieve these tests, we defined three communication patterns reflecting local and remote connections as well as the usage of cloud-based services. Applying these patterns, we connected the Factory of the Future at the Aalto University in Finland with the VxLab at the RMIT University in Australia and the Microsoft Azure cloud in the Netherlands. This allowed us to measure important Quality of Service networking parameters for the communication over short, medium, and very long distances. In this paper, we present first empirical results and discuss their impact on the remote control of AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs),cloud computing,communication patterns,operation and maintenance,remote control,virtual private networks (VPNs)
Path planning optimization of large scale AGV system based on improved particle swarm optimization algorithm 基于改进粒子群算法的大规模自动导引车系统路径规划优化	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.In the digital workshop production, the product variety is diverse, the production cycle is strict, and the logistics demand is complex. It is a difficult problem to make the large-scale Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system quickly and accurately carry out path planning. Therefore, an adaptive neighborhood search particle swarm optimization algorithm based on electronic map was proposed. The dynamic obstacle matrix mostly based on AGV position was established, and the improved fitness function was designed. The solution speed in early stage was accelerated by using particle swarm initialization method based on map prior knowledge to overcome the defect that large-scale AGV path planning was easy to fall into local optimal value. A real-time obstacle avoidance strategy was proposed to improve the efficiency of AGV transportation. Python was used to develop AGV path planning platform based on improved particle swarm optimization algorithm. The algorithm was applied to AGV dispatching system of tens of millions of electric meter verification workshop of metrology center of a provincial electric power science research institute, which solved the large-scale AGV path planning problem in complex environment efficiently.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle system,Improved particle swarm optimization,Neighborhood search,Obstacle avoidance,Path planning
Feasibility of Commodity WiFi for Operations Control in an Autonomous Production Site	2020	IEEE International Workshop on Computer Aided Modeling and Design of Communication Links and Networks, CAMAD	2020 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are increasingly being employed in logistics to carry out tiring and repetitive tasks inside large industrial buildings. In these settings, AGVs perform more efficiently than human workers in that they exhibit no signs of fatigue, their movements can be tracked automatically and their path can be timed to feed/collect objects in a quasi-predictable time frame and to even perform some object manipulations/refinement during transportation. In this article, we present a simulation analysis assessing the feasibility of commodity WiFi for operations control in an autonomous production site. In this context, AGVs and infrastructure endpoints are involved in periodic data exchange, the later gathering and acting upon AGV health data in order to ensure the systems operations continuity. To this end, we have setup a realistic simulation scenario mimicking the sites' operational environment discussing some trade-offs that emerge.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	AGV,Fog Computing,Performance Evaluation,Wireless Communication
A bi-level path planning algorithm for multi-AGV routing problem	2020	Electronics (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Avoiding the multi-automated guided vehicle (AGV) path conflicts is of importance for the efficiency of the AGV system, and we propose a bi-level path planning algorithm to optimize the routing of multi-AGVs. In the first level, we propose an improved A* algorithm to plan the AGV global path in the global topology map, which aims to make the path shortest and reduce the AGV path conflicts as much as possible. In the second level, we present the dynamic rapidly-exploring random trees (RRT) algorithm with kinematic constraints to obtain the passable local path with collisions in the local grid map. Compared to the Dijkstra algorithm and classic A* algorithm, the simulation results showed that the proposed bi-level path planning algorithm performed well in terms of the search efficiency, significantly reducing the incidence of multiple AGV path conflicts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	A* algorithm,AGV,Kinematic constraint,The bi-level path planning algorithm
Sen3Bot Net: A meta-sensors network to enable smart factories implementation	2020	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2020 IEEE.In the near future, an increasing number of mobile agents working closely with human operators is envisaged in smart factories. In industrial human-shared environments that employ traditional Automated Guided Vehicles, safety can be ensured thanks to the support provided by Autonomous Mobile Robots, acting as a net of meta-sensors. The localization and perception information of each meta-sensor is shared among all mobile platforms. In particular, the information about the dynamic detection of human presence is combined and uploaded in a shared map, increasing the awareness of the mobile robots about their surroundings in a specific working area.This paper proposes an architecture that integrates the meta-sensors with an existing net of Automated Guided Vehicles, with the aim of enhancing systems based on outdated mobile agents that seek for Industry 4.0 solutions without the necessity of a complete renewal. Simulations of test scenarios are provided in order to confirm the validity of the proposed architecture model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	human detection,Mobile robots,multi-sensor data fusion,obstacle avoidance
High performance of an adaptive sliding mode controller under varying loads for lifting-type autonomous grounded robot	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.To work in shared space with humans, autonomous systems must carry unknown loads in predefined missions. With the conventional control scheme, the grounded robot would suffer unstable motion and imprecise tracking performance. To overcome these challenges, in this paper, a novel controller using an adaptive sliding mode for autonomous grounded robots (AGR) is proposed. This control strategy takes into consideration uncertain characteristics, varying loads, and external disturbances. To analyze the tracking performance precisely, the overall error of motion system is decoupled into two subsystems where the second-order system is related to the angular tracking error and the third-order system is associated with the linear one. Initially, the dynamics model of the grounded robot is established containing different elements of nonlinear forces in order to address the technical problems. Then, the system state equation of the autonomous system is mentioned to indicate the theoretical characteristics. Based on the proposed controller, the stability of the system is validated by the Lyapunov theorem. From the results of numerical tests, three practical situations consisting of separately linear and circular trajectories with varying loads and an S-curve trajectory of a working map are suggested. The tracking performance validates that the proposed control scheme is, in various scenarios, robust, effective, and feasible. From these superior outcomes, it can be determined obviously the property of our works in accommodating the variations of cargo from applications in distribution centers, material transportation, or handling equipment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	AGR,Control system,Lyapunov,Sliding mode,Wheeled robot
Design of measuring and evaluation unit for multi-cell traction battery system of industrial AGV	2020	Electrical Engineering	2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.This paper presents practical design procedure of the electric measuring circuit and evaluation/communication unit of the multi-cell series–parallel connection of traction lead-acid batteries. The target use is online SOC monitoring during the operation of automated guided vehicle (AGV), which is being used for in-house automated industrial processes. Based on the state-of-the-art review, proper methodology for SOC determination was selected for the given lead-acid battery technology. For that purpose, the measuring procedure for identification of the battery equivalent circuit was initially realized and is being described within the main text. The results from the equivalent circuit identification were used for design of the precise measuring circuit which is responsible for the determination of SOC levels based on selected methodologies. These methodologies were implemented within evaluating unit (MCU), while functionality of the proposed system for the SOC identification was tested and evaluated within standard operational conditions of AGV robot.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Current measurement,Estimation,Industrial application,State of charge,Voltage measurement
Fault diagnosis of an automated guided vehicle with torque and motion forces estimation: A case study	2020	ISA Transactions	2020 ISAThe paper is devoted to developing a new fault detection scheme for an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) on the basis of so-called virtual sensors (VSs) which provide the information regarding the current status of a vehicle. This set contains the estimates of lateral and longitudinal forces as well as the torque. The paper proposes a novel robust VSs design scheme which yields such estimates taking into account inevitable disturbances/noise and modelling uncertainty without any knowledge about tire models used in the AGV. The obtained estimates are used to generate the residuals and to diagnose the current status of the vehicle. Finally, the paper shows the experimental results concerning the application of the developed methods to fault detection of the self-designed and constructed AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous guided vehicle,Fault diagnosis,Linear parameter-varying system,Observers,Virtual sensors
Automatic handling system of solid wood panels based on node simplification algorithm 基于节点优简算法的实木板材自动搬运系统	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To promote the transformation of solid wood panels processing and production enterprises to smart factories and solve the problem of high cost of material connection between various production lines in the enterprise, an automatic handling system for solid wood panels based on node simplification algorithm was designed. The design requirements of system were analyzed, and the traditional production line was intelligently upgraded. Based on the actual environment of factory, the system environment layout was planned. The system software was developed, including designing QR code navigation system to calculate expressions at any position of the vehicle and establishing grid electronic map. Path planning was performed based on node simplification algorithm. By reducing the number of turns, the algorithm's efficiency was improved compared to the traditional A* algorithm. The rules for the cooperative operation of Automatic Guided Vehicle(AGV) was formulated to resolve multi-AGV conflicts, and ultimately ensured that the system operated intelligently and efficiently. Using C ++ to write software, while realized the intelligent production of solid wood panels, it effectively reduced labor costs and improved the production efficiency of solid wood panel processing enterprises.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Production line,Route planning,Solid wood panel,Task scheduling
Fast ICP-SLAM Method Based on Multi-resolution Search and Multi-density Point Cloud Matching 基于多分辨率搜索与多点云密度匹配的快速ICP-SLAM方法	2020	Jiqiren/Robot	2020, Science Press. All right reserved.For better real-time performance and localization accuracy of LiDAR SLAM (simultaneous localization and mapping), a fast ICP-SLAM (iterative closest point SLAM) method with hierarchical search and matching is proposed on the basis of classic ICP-SLAM, in order to overcome the influence of the increased search range and pose matching resolution on real-time performance when the initial pose is not accurate. Firstly, global search is performed from coarse to fine in the search range, and calculation for matching is carried out step by step through gradually increasing the density of the points to be matched. In the process of point cloud matching, the distance from the nearest neighbour to the matched points is calculated by constructing the distance map, and the calculation cost is reduced to O(1). Secondly, the non-optimal solutions are eliminated quickly by prioritizing and pruning the points matching results. Finally, half-globally optimal principle and full-number locally optimal principle are taken as the judgment conditions for the end of the search to improve search efficiency. The test results on the benchmark dataset show that the proposed method achieves smaller average error and square error compared with the popular LiDAR SLAM algorithm Cartographer, and the computation efficiency is about 2∼5 times faster than Cartographer algorithm. Meanwhile, the practical application to the industrial AGV (automated guided vehicle) demonstrates that the real-time pose estimation and mapping can be realized without initial pose knowledge, and the repeated positioning accuracy is smaller than 1.5 cm. In conclusion, the proposed fast ICP-SLAM method can ensure accurate localization and good real-time performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Distance map,LiDAR,Multi-density point cloud,Multi-resolution,SLAM (simultaneous localization and mapping)
Conflict-free routing of multi-stop warehouse trucks	2020	Optimization Letters	2019, The Author(s).The recent interest in greater vehicular autonomy for factory and warehouse automation has stimulated research in conflict-free routing: a challenging network routing problem in which vehicles may not pass each other. Motivated by a real-world case study, we consider one such application: truck movements in a tightly constrained warehouse. We propose an extension of an existing conflict-free routing algorithm to consider multiple stopping points per route. A high level metaheuristic is applied to determine the route construction and assignment of vehicles to routes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Control and Optimization	Graphs,Metaheuristic,Onflict-free routing,Permutations,Shortest path
A Trust-Based Team Formation Framework for Mobile Intelligence in Smart Factories	2020	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.In Smart Factories, automated guided vehicles (AGVs) accomplish heterogeneous tasks as moving objects, restoring connectivity, or performing different manufacturing activities into production lines. These kinds of devices combine several capabilities, as artificial intelligence (visual and speech recognition, automatic fault detecting, proactive behavior) and mobility, into the so-called 'mobile intelligence.' A typical scenario is represented by a workshop with a large number of mobile intelligent devices with associated agents, mutually interacting on their behalf. Here, to reach a given target by contemporary satisfying some basic requirements like effectiveness and efficiency, it is often necessary to organize ad hoc teams of free-moving vehicles, sensors, and smart devices. Therefore, a specific issue is the adequate representation of the reciprocal agent/device trustworthiness for advantaging such team formation processes within a smart factory environment. To this end, in this article, first, we define a trust measure based on reliability and reputation of AGVs, which are computed based on the feedbacks released for the AGVs activities in the factory; second, we design a trust framework exploiting the defined measures to support the formation of virtual, temporary, and trust-based teams of mobile intelligent devices; and third, we present a set of experimental results highlighting that the proposed trust framework can improve the workshop performance in terms of effectiveness and efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Mobile intelligence,multiagent system,smart factories,team formation,trust
Adaptive protocol generation for group collaborative in smart medical waste transportation	2020	Future Generation Computer Systems	2020 Elsevier B.V.This article addresses the challenge of collective decision making among the smart components in medical waste transportation. We search for an optimized alternation to generate a commitment according to the capabilities belonging to heterogeneous agents under ever-changing context conditions. we propose a Goal-Capability-Commitment based Executable Tree (GCC-ETree) approach to generate an adaptive protocol. We illustrate our approach in a real-world medical waste automated guided vehicle transportation scenario and evaluate the feasibility of our approach by comparison with other common approaches. Our work makes two main contributions. First, we show how ontology-based matching and calculation can be used to enact a semantic understanding of the alignment of environment, goal, capability and commitment. Second, we introduce run-time goal modeling into collective decision making to capture the real-time requirements and provide execution flow information for generating a decision flow at runtime.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	Adaptive systems,Agents collaboration,AGV-based simulation,Domain ontology expression
Analysis of Integrated Magnetic Gear Motor with Dual Mechanical Output Port: A Block Diagram Approach	2020	IEEE Transactions on Energy Conversion	1986-2012 IEEE.This article presents a concise analysis of an electrically driven Dual Rotor (mechanical output ports) Magnetic Gear Motor (DR-MGM) using a block diagram approach. The DR-MGM operating mode is characterized by one electrical input and two mechanical output rotor. This analysis exploits the simplicity of the block diagram principle in characterizing the kinematic and dynamic relations of the DR-MGM thereby making it simpler to understand and easier to deploy a control strategy. Furthermore, the derived expressions and block diagram model show that the DR-MGM has the ability to operate as a double rotor or single rotor without latching any of the rotors. As a differential gear motor, the DR-MGM is highly advantageous for automatic guided vehicles in that, it helps to improve the cornering dynamics. A numerical computation of the DR-MGM is carried out using the block diagram model. Its performance results were compared with the results obtained from Finite Element Analysis and experiments; all were found to be concurrent, thus justifying the proposed block diagram description and governing expressions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	block diagram description,Dual rotor machine,kinematic and dynamic characteristics,magnetic geared machine,power-split device
Calculation and improving the overall equipment effectiveness for textile industry machine	2020	International Journal of Emerging Trends in Engineering Research	2020, World Academy of Research in Science and Engineering. All rights reserved.Textile industry is one of the largest and oldest industries. It is one of the important industries to meet the demand for cloth making and export to various countries for the improvement of economy. As described by India Brand Equity Foundation, textile industry accounts for 4% of nation GDP and nearly 45 million people are employed in this sector in India. The domestic as well as the export market is around 100 billion dollars. Although the manufacturing techniques that are present in 21st century are highly automized with minimum human intervention, a great degree of maintenance is labor intensive work and mostly depends on human inputs. Since the machines are automated and are of high investment it is imperative to effectively utilize the equipment both in terms of quality and productivity. The drive of Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) is to measure the performance of the equipment for which it is intended to function and to reach the production target that is scheduled for work. The main purpose of this paper is to calculate the OEE for a textile industry, with the help of theoretical framework it is determined to understand and implement OEE for a cost-effective solution in organization.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Engineering (all)	Eight pillars,Lean Manufacturing,Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE),Productivity,Textile Machinery,Total Productive Maintenance (TPM)
Shelf and AGV Path Cooperative Optimization Algorithm Used in Intelligent Warehousing 智能仓储货位规划与AGV路径规划协同优化算法	2020	Ruan Jian Xue Bao/Journal of Software	Copyright 2020, Institute of Software, the Chinese Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.The optimization of intelligent warehousing is generally divided into shelf optimization and path optimization. Shelf optimization considers the position of goods and shelves, and optimizes the placement of goods. Path optimization mainly seeks the optimal path planning for automatic guided vehicles. At present, most of the studies focus on these two scenarios independently. In the actual warehousing application, the problem can only be solved by linear superposition, which makes the solution easy to fall into the local optimum. Based on the coupling analysis of the relationship between various sections in the intelligent warehousing process, this study proposes a mathematical model of cooperative optimization of shelf and position, which combines shelf optimization and path planning as a whole. In addition, a cooperative optimization framework, including a product similarity solving algorithm and an improved path planning algorithm, is proposed. Based on the above two algorithms, an improved genetic algorithm is proposed for the cooperative optimization of shelf and path. The experimental results verify the effectiveness and stability of the intelligent warehousing cooperative optimization algorithm proposed in this study. By using this algorithm, it can improve the shipping efficiency of storage and reduce transportation costs..	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software	AGV path optimization,Cooperative optimization,Genetic algorithm,Intelligent warehousing,Shelf optimization
ROS-base Multi-Sensor Fusion for Accuracy Positioning and SLAM System	2020	2020 International Symposium on Community-Centric Systems, CcS 2020	2020 IEEE.To facing lower birth rate and aging society trend, how to design intelligent robots demanded in different fields to reduce the shortage of human resource has become an one of important research topics in recent years. In order to satisfy mobility ability of intelligent robots, accurate indoor positioning is an important function.In this paper, we use the Robot Operation System(ROS) as our platform, combining with different positioning sensors and technologies, such as Light Detection and Ranging(LiDAR), Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU), odometer and Ultra-wideband(UWB), and fuse these data by Extended Kalman Filter(EKF) to provide accuracy positioning. Thus, we can achieve more refined Simultaneous Localization and Mapping(SLAM) which meets the intelligent robot application demand. Experiment results show that the average error distance of the mobile robot in our system can be limited in 10cm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Health Informatics,Instrumentation	Automated guided vehicle(AGV),Light Detection and Ranging(LiDAR),Robot Operation System(ROS),Simultaneous Localization and Mapping(SLAM),Ultra-wideband(UWB)
Design and Simulation of a Battery Swapping System for Electric Vehicles	2020	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	2020 IEEE.Electric vehicles show a significant potential both to reduce carbon emissions due to an energy storage system which can be recharged using renewable energy sources. The long time it takes to recharge the batteries of an electric car can be a limit to its spread and reach a "massive adoption". This work aims at evaluating the feasibility of using an automated battery swapping system for vehicles in the city of Turin in Italy. The battery swapping station was designed by using real data from a leading company in warehouse handling. (GAP nu) Various configurations were proposed by varying the number of stations operating in the city, the number of cars served simultaneously in each station and the number of automatic guided vehicles that replace the battery in the stations. The analysis was conducted by using a discrete event simulation model. The customer service, the infrastructure costs and the battery life cycle preservation were considered as performance indicators. The obtained results showed that the project is feasible both from an infrastructural point of view and an energetic point of view.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computer Science Applications	battery swapping system,discrete event simulation,electric vehicles,urban mobility
Mathematical Model for Traffic Optimization in Flexible Manufacturing Systems	2020	Proceedings - 2020 International Russian Automation Conference, RusAutoCon 2020	2020 IEEE.The paper presents a suggested complex of mathematical models for searching for the traffic structure in flexible manufacturing systems. It shows that the usage of the elaborated models allows increasing significantly the efficiency of the manufacturing systems. This paper offers the methodology of searching for a rational AMS traffic structure. The basis of the developed methodology is the combined method, which combines imitating and analytical modelling. The effectiveness of the offered approach is shown by the example of traffic optimization in the automatized flexible assembly system. The methodology offered in the paper allows considering the influence of incidental factors on the AMS functioning process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ukraine	0	Artificial Intelligence,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	flexible manufacturing systems,mathematical model,traffic optimization
Analysis of signal propagation in vehicular communications with RFID tags	2020	International Journal of Emerging Trends in Engineering Research	2020, World Academy of Research in Science and Engineering. All rights reserved.Radio-frequency identification (RFID) is a commonly used technology used in various applications such as inventory readers, body counters, marathon race tagging, and the like. The research to be performed in this paper aims to study how RFID systems can help ease traffic through the monitoring of vehicles and possibly be implemented into more advanced systems to deliver information to the masses for further use of remote monitoring and traffic management. Different sizes of RFID tags or antennas are to be tested and used to determine the efficiency of signal propagation in vehicles once the tag enters the RFID reader’s range. Effectiveness will be measured by picking up signals from vehicles at the minimum radius for a lower cost. The environment will be simulated via MATLAB Simulink. The system will consist of a reader and a tag, where the reader serves as the detector, while the tag serves as the object of detection. In the simulated environment, the system will also take note of the different noises encountered in the channel which is present in real life such as multipath fading.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Philippines	0	Engineering (all)	Error detection,Radio-frequency Identification,RFID reader,RFID tag,Signal propagation,Signal-to-noise ratio,Simulated environment,Traffic management,Vector network analyzer
A note on solving the Fleet Quickest Routing Problem on a grid graph	2020	Central European Journal of Operations Research	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.We address the Fleet Quickest Routing Problem (FQRP) on a grid graph, i.e. the problem of finding the paths n vehicles have to perform to reach their destinations by moving from the lowest to the highest level (row) of a grid, respecting capacity constraints on the arcs and nodes in the shortest time possible. Traversing an arc of the grid graph takes one unit of time: in this way, a solution is optimal if a vehicle travels along one of the shortest paths it can find from its starting node to its destination without stopping, meeting the capacity constraints we mentioned above. Such a path is made of both horizontal and vertical steps, from the lowest to the highest level of the grid, without cycles. The existence of such a solution is guaranteed by a sufficient number of levels. If this not being, an optimal solution could require stopping vehicles somewhere or making them travel on a non-shortest path. In a previous work, it has been proved that m∗ levels, where m∗ is an increasing function of n, are sufficient to solve FQRP on grid graphs, when each vehicle performs all the horizontal steps of its path, if any, on one and only one level. The main contribution of this paper is the proof that, relaxing this property, the number of levels needed to guarantee a feasible and optimal solution is constant, i.e. it is 8. Whatever the number of vehicles, in a grid graph (8 × n) it is always possible to find n shortest paths, one for each vehicle, which do not create conflicts and route every vehicle to its destination. Moreover, a routing rule that allows finding the solution to FQRP in every 8 × n grid graph, whatever the destinations of the vehicles are, is provided. Practical relevance of FQRP mainly concerns the routing of Automated Guided Vehicles as well as the routing of aircrafts in airports.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	0	Management Science and Operations Research	Graph theory,Grid graph,Logistics,Routing,Transportation
Design of Misalignment-Insensitive Inductive Power Transfer via Interoperable Coil Module and Dynamic Power Control	2020	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics	1986-2012 IEEE.This article proposes a misalignment-insensitive inductive power transfer (IPT) via interoperable tricoil module and dynamic power control. Since the misaligned coils is known to affect the power transmission efficiency and coupling performance, the article is devoted to the design of an interoperable tricoil module along with power modulation technique in the anticipation of reaching the misalignment-insensitive IPT. In this circuit design, three half-bridge inverters are deployed to drive three transmitting coils. Both geometric structure and magnetic field of coil modules are assessed. A dynamic power control strategy is implemented to adjust the amount of transferable power following the determination of the direction of movement of receiving coils, ensuring a higher efficiency of power transfer and coupling balance at the time of misalignment. To validate the practicality of this approach, the hardware prototype of tricoil module with IPT capability of 3.2-kW is realized with a 7% improvement of efficiency at a misalignment of 100 mm. These results support the feasibility of the proposed approach, serving as beneficial references for automatic guided vehicle applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Inductive power transfer (IPT),Misalignment,Tricoil module
An iot based system predictive maintenance and operations scheduling system for yard crane control in container terminals	2020	Towards the Digital World and Industry X.0 - Proceedings of the 29th International Conference of the International Association for Management of Technology, IAMOT 2020	2020 Towards the Digital World and Industry X.0 - Proceedings of the 29th International Conference of the International Association for Management of Technology, IAMOT 2020. All rights reserved.Recently, Internet of Things (IoT) has found applications in several areas that require effective communication to handle uncertainties such as in smart ports, smart factories, and smart logi stics. This can also be extended to solve the problems of equipment downtime and the conflict with operations scheduling in container terminals. This study proposes a simulation based operations scheduling systemthat considers predictive maintenance and downtime schedulesbased on real-time sensors readings within an IoT framework. Specifically, it enables communication between the maintenance department, the control departments, and all entities in the yard blocks of a container terminal. This is to ensure reliability in scheduling operations, eliminate communication delay between equipment breakdown and the maintenance department thus, enabling prompt equipment maintenance or repair. The proposed approach uses sensors connected to the entities in the yard block and enable communication between the several nodes and department using wireless sensor network. It is expected the key performance measures (e.g., vessel berthing time, truck turnaround time, and yard cranes throughput) of the container terminal due the implementation of the proposed approach. The main contribution of this paper is to investigate the possible chances of applying IoT-related technologies in the field of container terminals planning and management.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	0	Management of Technology and Innovation	Downtime,IoT,Monitoring,Sensors,Smart ports,Yard cranes
ToA Positioning Algorithm for TDoA System Architecture	2020	Proceedings - 2020 International Russian Automation Conference, RusAutoCon 2020	2020 IEEE.This paper is devoted to synthesis of algorithm of determining coordinates for navigation systems with TDoA architecture and testing it positioning accuracy comparing with standardly used TDoA algorithm. The proposed approach can be used in ultrasonic systems, passive radar systems, marine echolocation, LTE signal positioning, as well as in many other systems where TDoA architecture is implemented. The gain of proposed approach in positioning accuracy amounted to almost 30% in conducted simulation with different types of object movement on the example of UWB LPS. The paper is divided into 5 parts: Introduction, Types of UWB LPS infrastructure, ToA algorithm, modelling and analysis, and conclusion. In first section (Introduction)we aim to provide a comprehensive survey of different indoor localization techniques and technologies. In second section (Types of UWB LPS architecture) basic ranging methods and architectures in navigation radio system, as well as main factors affecting the positioning accuracy are presented. In third section (ToA algorithm) we describe in detail proposed approach of ToA positioning for TDoA-based systems. In fourth section (Modelling and analysis) obtained results of conducted simulation modelling, which tests proposed ToA algorithm, are shown. In conclusion, we summarize the studies described in paper, present the gain value obtained in modelling results and provide our further steps in work in this area.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Artificial Intelligence,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV navigation,indoor positioning,Kalman Filter,location algorithm,positioning algorithm,TDoA,ToA
Extending legacy industrial machines by a low-cost easy-to-use iot module for data acquisition	2020	Symmetry	2020 by the authors.Industry 4.0 is a paradigm that enhances industrial automation systems with the recent advances in the domain of the Internet of Things (IoT), gaining new possibilities and providing new services. Traditional industrial machines do not have IoT capabilities, and in order to integrate such a machine into Industry 4.0, there is a need for an intermediary device or system that communicates with the machine through its supported communication interfaces and protocols and forwards the communication to the global network. This paper presents the development and experimental validation of a low-cost hardware module that can easily integrate the machine's existing control unit into the IoT and enable synchronization of the measurements and states of the variables of the machine and its environment with a cloud server. The developed module is universal, can connect to any control unit that is able to communicate through basic RS232 serial communication, and does not require the control unit to have any higher level communication protocol implemented. On the other end, the presented solution uses a dedicated smartphone application to provide remote monitoring and control of the machine through the cloud by using the synchronized variable states, as well as further possibilities for storing, processing, and analyzing the historical data from the system. The developed solution was experimentally validated on an experimental setup consisting of a conveyor belt driven by a three-phase asynchronous electromotor controlled by a programmable logic controller through a variable-frequency drive.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Serbia	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Chemistry (miscellaneous),Mathematics (all),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous)	Blynk,Esp8266,Industry 4.0,Iot,Smartphone
Output feedback stabilization of uncertain nonholonomic systems with external disturbances via active disturbance rejection control	2020	ISA Transactions	2020This paper investigates a class of nonholonomic systems with multifarious uncertainties including unmodeled dynamics, linear or nonlinear parameterization and unknown external disturbances. The objective is to deal with all uncertainties in a unified framework and simultaneously realize the global stabilization of the nonholonomic system. In terms of the nonholonomic constraints, a concise switching strategy is employed for stabilizing the whole system. Active disturbance rejection control (ADRC) is designed for an uncertain lower-triangular subsystem which is transformed from the nonholonomic system by using an input-state scaling technique. All system uncertainties are involved as the equivalent total disturbance which can be estimated by extended state observer (ESO) and compensated for by a feedback control input. Closed-loop performance analysis clarifies that the uncertain subsystem can be stabilized and the observation errors can be regulated to zero by tuning the bandwidth of the ESO. Simulations on a bilinear model illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Active disturbance rejection control,Chained form systems,Input-state scaling,Nonholonomic systems,Uncertainty
Deep learning applications in automatic needle segmentation in ultrasound-guided prostate brachytherapy	2020	Medical Physics	2020 American Association of Physicists in MedicinePurpose: High-Dose-Rate (HDR) brachytherapy is one of the most effective ways to treat the prostate cancer, which is the second most common cancer in men worldwide. This treatment delivers highly conformal dose through the transperineal needle implants and is guided by a real time ultrasound (US) imaging system. Currently, the brachytherapy needles in the US images are manually segmented by physicists during the treatment, which is time consuming and error prone. In this study, we propose a set of deep learning–based algorithms to accurately segment the brachytherapy needles and locate the needle tips from the US images. Methods: Two deep neural networks are developed to address this problem. First, a modified deep U-Net is used to segment the pixels belonging to the brachytherapy needles from the US images. Second, an additional VGG-16–based deep convolutional network is combined with the segmentation network to predict the locations of the needle tips. The networks are trained and evaluated on a clinical US images dataset with labeled needle trajectories collected in our hospital (Institutional Review Board approval (IRB 41755)). Results: The evaluation results show that our method can accurately extract the trajectories of the needles with a resolution of 0.668 mm and 0.319 mm in x and y direction, respectively. 95.4% of the x direction and 99.2% of the y direction have error ≤ 2 mm. Moreover, the position resolutions of the tips are 0.721, 0.369, and 1.877 mm in x, y, and z directions, respectively, while 94.2%, 98.3%, and 67.5% of the data have error ≤ 2 mm. Conclusions: This paper proposed a neural network-based algorithm to segment the brachytherapy needles from the US images and locate the needle tip. It can be used in the HDR brachytherapy to help improve the efficiency and quality of the treatments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Biophysics,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	brachytherapy,deep learning,HDR,prostate
Vehicle Interior Sound Quality Evaluation Index Selection Scheme Based on Grey Relational Analysis	2020	Fluctuation and Noise Letters	2020 World Scientific Publishing Company.In the process of vehicle interior sound quality research, the subjective assessment usually requires a lot of manpower, time and material resources. It is necessary to choose appropriate objective indexes to predict the subjective results. In this paper, a sound quality evaluation index analysis and selection scheme based on grey relational analysis (GRA) is designed. In order to make a reasonable prediction of the subjective indexes with the limited data, GRA of the objective indexes and subjective indexes is conducted. Because three subjective indexes are considered in our study, an indicator that can represent the three chosen subjective indexes is established for the subsequent analysis. Furthermore, the comprehensive ranking and the hierarchical cluster analysis (HCA) of the objective indexes are involved to make the selection of objective indexes easy and meaningful. Finally, the objective indexes are divided into five groups by HCA. According to the clustering results, four objective indexes including "fluctuation", "sharpness", "articulation index"and "roughness"are suitable for predicting and representing the subjective indexes to some degree. The scheme proposed in this paper lays the foundation for further optimization and control of vehicle interior sound quality. The method can also be applied to solve other similar multi-factor analysis and selection problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mathematics (all),Physics and Astronomy (all)	cluster analysis,evaluation index,grey relational analysis,Vehicle interior sound quality
Reliable adaptive H∞ path following control for autonomous ground vehicles in finite frequency domain	2020	Journal of the Franklin Institute	2020 The Franklin InstituteThis paper studies the reliable H∞ path following control problem for an autonomous ground vehicle (AGV) in spite of actuator faults and finite frequency disturbances, the efficiency coefficient of actuator is assumed to be an unknown positive scalar whose minimum possible value is also unknown. The nonlinear AGV system is modeled as a linear parameter varying (LPV) system, and an adaptive mechanism together with a finite frequency H∞ control strategy is introduced to reject the effects of actuator faults and disturbances, respectively. Furthermore, the finite frequency performance is analysed using Lyapunov theory and Parseval's Theorem which is formulated as a set of linear matrix inequalities(LMIs). Finally, an example is presented to verify the approach proposed in this paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Applied Mathematics	None
Takagi–sugeno observer design for remaining useful life estimation of li-ion battery system under faults	2020	Electronics (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Among the existing estimation schemes of a battery state of charge, most deal with an assumption that the faults will never occur in the system. Nevertheless, faults may have a crucial impact on the state of charge estimation accuracy. The paper proposes a novel observer design to estimate the state of charge and the remaining useful life of a Li-ion battery system under voltage and current measurement faults. The approach starts with converting the battery system into the descriptor Takagi–Sugeno form, where the state includes the original states along with the voltage and current measurement faults. Moreover, external disturbances are bounded by an ellipsoid based on the so-called Quadratic Boundedness approach, which ensures the system stability. The second-order Resistor-Capacitor equivalent circuit model is considered to verify the performance and correctness of the proposed observer. Subsequently, a real battery model is designed with experimental data of the Li-ion 18650 battery delivered from the NASA benchmark. Another experiment deals with an automated guided vehicle fed with a battery of which the remaining useful life is estimated. Finally, the results are compared with another estimation scheme based on the same benchmark.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Observer design,Remaining useful life,Takagi–Sugeno fuzzy system,Voltage and current measurement faults
A Robot Architecture for Outdoor Competitions	2020	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	2020, Springer Nature B.V.Autonomous navigation in unstructured environments is a common topic of research, being motivated by robotic competitions and involving several sets of skills. We present a modular architecture to integrate different components for path planning and navigation of an autonomous mobile robot. This architecture was developed in order to participate in the RoboMagellan competition hosted by RoboGames. It is divided in the organizational, functional and executive levels in order to secure that the developed system has programmability, autonomy, adaptability and extensibility. Global and local localization strategies use unscented and extended Kalman filters (UKF and EKF) to fuse data from a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver, inertial measurement unit (IMU), odometry and camera. Movement is controlled by a model reference adaptive controller (MRAC) and a proportional controller. To avoid obstacles a deformable virtual zone (DVZ) approach is used. The architecture was tested in simulated environments and with a real robot, providing a very flexible approach to testing different configurations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous robot,Kalman filters,MRAC,Robotics competition,System architecture,Tracking
Strategies for competitiveness in a digital world	2020	Towards the Digital World and Industry X.0 - Proceedings of the 29th International Conference of the International Association for Management of Technology, IAMOT 2020	2020 Towards the Digital World and Industry X.0 - Proceedings of the 29th International Conference of the International Association for Management of Technology, IAMOT 2020. All rights reserved.Purpose of the paper This paper studies organizational strategies for digital transformation and adaptation. The deployment of digital technologies in various industries and in the public sector is rapidly transforming innovation and competition. The paper examines the question: How does industry 4.0 affect competitiveness in a globalized world and how should organizations manage these emergent and disruptive technologies to ensure competitiveness? Related work The paper draws on the literature on digitalization (Kagerman et al., 2013; Frank et al., 2019), and ecosystem theory (Chertow, 2001; Holling, 1996; Iansiti and Richards, 2006). Smart manufacturing is the central concept of Industry 4.0 or the fourth industrial revolution. It includes the integration of the factory with the entire product life cycle and supply chain activities. Industry 4.0 relies on digital technologies such as the Internet-of-Things (IOT), cloud services, big data and analytics to gather, store and analyze data in real time for decision making in various applications, leading to the cyber-physical system concept of Industry 4.0. Additionally, artificial intelligence (AI) allows detection of patterns in large volumes of data and modeling of complex, interdependent systems to improve decision making and save costs. The rapid advancement of digital technologies has increased the importance of digital transformation from physical to cyber-physical systems. Design/Methodology/Approach The paper studies how to enable digital transformation at the level of the organization and industrial ecosystem. It applies relevant theoretical research and literature in the areas noted above to develop a framework that highlights sets of capabilities for facilitating digital adaptation at the firm level. The framework is then applied to classify organizations based on their level of digitalization and capabilities. Case examples are provided to support the framework. Findings The paper suggests that there is a distinction between new firms/start-ups that are reliant on digitalization from the outset and established firms (incumbents who adapt to the new technologies). Firms are classified according to the presence or absence of strategies, for example, a focus on managing the ecosystem through linkages and partnerships, gaining direct access to customers through digital platforms, using merger and acquisition strategies to acquire capabilities and diversify, indicating the ability to facilitate digital transformation or not. Propositions are presented to suggest how individual firms and the ecosystem for digital technologies can evolve. Research limitations/implications A limitation of the paper is that highlights digital transformation by focusing only on case examples and does not use big data to substantiate the framework. Practical implications Insights on how to facilitate digital transformation can help policy makers to enable adaptation to the digital economy. Additionally, the framework can inform strategists and technology managers about strategies for enabling digital transformation in their firms. Originality/value of the paper The paper contributes to the literature on digitalization strategy by linking research on digitalization with that on industrial ecosystems. It classifies firms based on their strategies and digital capabilities and highlights firm strategies for success and provides propositions that indicate strategies for the evolution of firms and of the ecosystem for digital technologies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Management of Technology and Innovation	Adapting to Industry 4.0,Digital strategies,Digital transformation
Towards untrimmed NURBS: CAD embedded reparameterization of trimmed B-rep geometry using frame-field guided global parameterization	2020	Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and Engineering	2020 Elsevier B.V.The boundary representation or B-rep is the prevalent geometry description in computer aided design (CAD). It combines aspects from explicit and implicit geometry and is incompatible with many downstream applications such as finite element analysis (FEA) and computer aided manufacturing (CAM). We develop a semi-automatic frame-field guided parameterization approach that converts trimmed B-rep geometry to conforming, watertight analysis-suitable NURBS. The resulting geometry description is simultaneously suitable for design as well as analysis and therefore avoids the need for further meshing and geometry-processing. While existing frame-field based global parameterization methods offer the high quality necessary in our application, they suffer from several robustness issues. Current challenges mainly stem from the lack of integrability of the frame-field which causes the computed parameterization to fold-over, particularly near parameterization singularities. We propose specialized constraints that incorporate properties of an analytical solution that resolve the poor behavior near singularities. Furthermore, we present a convenient and efficient solution framework that directly incorporates such constraints into a reduced basis. Improved behavior around parameterization singularities simplifies the extraction of a quadrilateral layout. This layout is subsequently fitted with C0 NURBS to yield a conforming watertight model that is analysis suitable. The latter is illustrated by performing isogeometric shell modal analysis on several geometric models.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Computational Mechanics,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Physics and Astronomy (all),Computer Science Applications	Isogeometric analysis,Meshing,Model generation,Parameterization,Watertight splines
Circular economy model enhanced by intelligent assets from industry 4.0: The proposition of an innovative tool to analyze case studies	2020	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.Although the circular economy (CE) is recognized as a source of value creation, there is a huge gap between the vast concept of CE and its practical applications. Particularly, the lack of information and performance indicators, in terms of economic, environmental and social aspects, does not allow for the assessment of the level of circularity of the products, processes or companies. Further development of other circular activities can be limited for this reason. In addition, intelligent assets arising with the digital transformation within the "Fourth Industrial Revolution (I4.0)" can support CE to provide these lacking aspects. Thus, the objective of this paper is to highlight how and how much the circular business models are enhanced by intelligent assets from I4.0, considering several case studies found in the literature, and through the application of an assessment tool with secondary data from the selected case studies. According to the tool, the CE principles are extended to the entire product lifecycle, from product design to product utilization, within the transition to novel business strategies. Two of the considered case studies are represented in the assessment tool, as examples, to demonstrate how intelligent assets can support circular economy in the design, assessment and comparison of circular initiatives. The visualization of existing innovative business models based on CE and enhanced by intelligent assets allows for the complete and effective evaluation of materials, products, assets and processes, due to the fact that information and indicators can be collected to measure and monitor circular efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Business model,Circular economy,Fourth industrial revolution (Industry 4.0),Intelligent assets
Comparing manual and automated feature location in conceptual models: A Controlled experiment	2020	Information and Software Technology	2020 Elsevier B.V.Context: Maintenance activities cannot be completed without locating the set of software artifacts that realize a particular feature of a software system. Manual Feature Location (FL) is widely used in industry, but it becomes challenging (time-consuming and error prone) in large software repositories. To reduce manual efforts, automated FL techniques have been proposed. Research efforts in FL tend to make comparisons between automated FL techniques, ignoring manual FL techniques. Moreover, existing research puts the focus on code, neglecting other artifacts such as models. Objective: This paper aims to compare manual FL against automated FL in models to answer important questions about performance, productivity, and satisfaction of both treatments. Method: We run an experiment for comparing manual and automated FL on a set of 18 subjects (5 experts and 13 non-experts) in the domain of our industrial partner, BSH, manufacturer of induction hobs for more than 15 years. We measure performance (recall, precision, and F-measure), productivity (ratio between F-measure and spent time), and satisfaction (perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, and intention to use) of both treatments, and perform statistical tests to assess whether the obtained differences are significant. Results: Regarding performance, manual FL significantly outperforms automated FL in precision and F-measure (up to 27.79% and 19.05%, respectively), whereas automated FL significantly outperforms manual FL in recall (up to 32.18%). Regarding productivity, manual FL obtains 3.43%/min, which improves automated FL significantly. Finally, there are no significant differences in satisfaction for both treatments. Conclusions: The findings of our work can be leveraged to advance research to improve the results of manual and automated FL techniques. For instance, automated FL in industry faces issues such as low discrimination capacity. In addition, the obtained satisfaction results have implications for the usage and possible combination of manual, automated, and guided FL techniques.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Software,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Conceptual models,Controlled experiment,Feature location,Model-Driven engineering
Aminated graphitic carbon derived from corn stover biomass as adsorbent against antibiotic tetracycline: Optimizing the physicochemical parameters	2020	Journal of Molecular Liquids	2020 Elsevier B.V.There is an urgent demand to abate contamination of the water resources and wastewaters from antibiotics, released predominately from the municipal and healthcare effluents. Herein, we modified an eco-friendly and renewable agro-waste/biomass material in order to obtain an efficient adsorbent against the antibiotic tetracycline hydrochloride (TC). Corn stover biomass was thermally converted to porous reduced graphite oxide (RGO) and then was post functionalized to an aminated graphitic carbonaceous material (ACS-RGO). The materials were characterized by nitrogen adsorption/desorption, scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscope (TEM), as well as Raman and FTIR spectroscopy. The sorption process was statistically modeled, by systematically varying crucial factors, based on Box–Behnken design (BBD). The model analysis illustrated the effect of independent variables and their correlations in order to determine the optimum parameters/conditions. The highest TC removal (100%) was found to occur for initial TC concentration of 48.74 mg/L, 0.98 gL dosage of adsorbent, 51.6 min contact time and at pH = 7.4. The maximum monolayer adsorption capacity estimated to be 132.9 mg of TC per gram of ACS-RGO.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	4	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Condensed Matter Physics,Spectroscopy,Physical and Theoretical Chemistry,Materials Chemistry	Adsorption,Agro-waste/biomass material,Aminated graphitic green adsorbent,Box–Behnken design (BBD),Tetracycline,Wastewater treatment
Automatic solids feeder using fuzzy control: A tool for fed batch bioprocesses	2020	Journal of Process Control	2020 Elsevier LtdProcesses in fed-batch using biomass as substrate can be more advantageous, presenting a higher productivity and a lower consumption of enzyme. However, in some cases, processes operating in fed batch may represent a problem in the way the substrate should be fed. In this article, a prototype for solids feeding is developed, which can implement different types of feeding profiles and is controlled through fuzzy logic. Tests considering different feeding profiles for two types of solid materials show that the use of a fuzzy controller provides better results when compared to the system using an On–Off control. The experimental validations of the feeding actions show that the system implementing the fuzzy controller is very effective and can be an alternative in enabling the processes of enzymatic hydrolysis in fed batch that use biomass as the main source for obtaining fermentable sugars.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Feeding profiles,Fuzzy logic control,Lignocellulosic material,On–Off control
Apple Detection Method Based on Light-YOLOv3 Convolutional Neural Network 基于轻量化YOLOv3卷积神经网络的苹果检测方法	2020	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2020, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.An apple detection method (Light-YOLOv3) based on lightweight YOLO (You only look once) convolutional neural network was proposed for apple picking robots to detect apples quickly and accurately in the complex background of fruit trees. Firstly, in order to improve the traditional YOLOv3 deep convolutional neural network architecture, a feature extraction network structure containing cascaded homogeneous residual blocks was designed, and the dimensionality of the feature map for object detection was simplified. In this architecture, the conventional convolution was replaced by the depth wise separable convolution, and a multi-objective loss function was defined in terms of the mean square error loss and the cross entropy loss. Secondly, the training data was obtained from the Internet by means of a crawler program, and then labelled. The data augmentation technique was used to expand the training data and normalize it. Thirdly, a multi-stage learning optimization approach based on stochastic gradient descent (SGD) and adaptive moment estimation (Adam) was proposed to train Light-YOLOv3 network. Finally, an apple detection experiment in the complex background of fruit trees was performed on a computer workstation and an embedded processor, respectively. The experimental results showed that the apple detection method based on Light-YOLOv3 network improved the detection speed and accuracy significantly, i.e., the detection speed on the computer workstation and the embedded processor can reach 116.96 f/s, 7.59 f/s, F1 value can reach 94.57%, and the mean average precision (mAP) can reach 94.69%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Apple,Depth wise separable convolution,Network training,Object detection,Picking robot,YOLOv3 network
Parameter estimation based-FDI method enhancement with mixed particle filter	2020	Neurocomputing	2020 Elsevier B.V.Mobile robots have a crucial role in many domains. Currently, service robots can be found in our homes, transportation robots in warehouses, logistic robots in factories and even on Mars, where rovers are exploring its surface. These intelligent machines are becoming increasingly autonomous, as they have to achieve longer and longer missions. Thus, to maintain autonomy and to guarantee material security, Fault Detection and Isolation (FDI) is a mandatory task. A fault causes a mission to fail or, worse, it may damage materials and operators if the robot goes out of control. In this paper, we propose to address the FDI process. First, we present two modified versions of two known methods based on parameter estimation. Then, a mixed version of Particle Filter (PF) which combines a standard PF and a Gaussian PF to generate a better performing FDI method is proposed. These methods are studied in the case of a wheel block fault. Simulation and real robot experimentation results prove the added value of our proposed FDI method over the other two approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	Fault detection and isolation,Mobile robotics,Multiple model estimation,Parameter estimation,Particle filtering
System and design of a AGV for flexible production line	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2020 Journal of Physics: Conference Series.Automated guided vehicles (AGV) are future products that can provide driverless transportation and can transport a variety of products without manual intervention in production, logistics, warehouse and distribution environments. The main advantage of AGV is that they can operate as independent systems with higher efficiency. The proposed work has the main function of AGV, of which EPROM is used to save data. Taking advantage of EPROM, the robot can maintain and continue to execute the current program even if the system returns to the power-on state after a period of power failure in a crisis situation. Compared with manual functions, AGV provides higher efficiency for many industries. The ultrasonic sensor assists the controller, which can realize the obstacle detection function in the robot. Through the artificial intelligence controlled by Bluetooth/Wi-Fi, AGV can be further improved to the level of automation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Research on intelligent optimization of bulk cargo terminal control system	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2020 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved.Aiming at the problems of lagging automation and low informationization of bulk cargo terminals, this paper has optimized the control system of bulk cargo terminals, and improved the characteristics and functions of the control system. Based on the completion of the existing remote start and stop processes and equipment, the database, fault diagnosis and information management of the bulk cargo terminal control system are optimized, which improves the control efficiency and operability of the control system. The transformation and upgrading of the control system has played a good role in promoting the development and construction of smart ports.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Simulation optimization of the berth allocation in a container terminal with flexible vessel priority management	2020	Maritime Policy and Management	2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Solving the berth allocation problem (BAP) in ports is not trivial where the berth resources are limited and various sizes of vessels arrive with dramatically dissimilar loads. Especially in real scenarios, arriving vessels are accepted for a berth with the first come first served (FCFS) priority rule. This study proposes a decision support system coupled with a simulation optimization module based on the swarm-based Artificial Bee Colony optimization algorithm for solving the BAP. The proposed methodology was implemented for the Izmir port in Turkey. To investigate the influences of the vessel priorities on the BAP, four different experimental scenarios based on the single (SQM) and multiple queue models (MQM) were coupled with FCFS and proposed hybrid queue priority (HQP) rule. The results indicated that SQM scenarios were superior to MQM scenarios in a manner of minimizing the average vessel waiting times and the implementation of a dynamic berth allocation strategy for the MQM significantly decreases the vessel waiting times. Results of the SQM also imply that utilization of the HQP approach further minimizes the average vessel waiting times and increases the berth utilization and port throughput without yielding excessive waiting times for the larger vessels compared with the FCFS priority rule.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	3	Geography, Planning and Development,Transportation,Ocean Engineering,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	arriving vessels,berth allocation problem,container terminals,Port management,simulation optimization
Human Movement Representation on Multivariate Time Series for Recognition of Professional Gestures and Forecasting Their Trajectories	2020	Frontiers in Robotics and AI	Copyright  2020 Manitsaris, Senteri, Makrygiannis and Glushkova.Human-centered artificial intelligence is increasingly deployed in professional workplaces in Industry 4.0 to address various challenges related to the collaboration between the operators and the machines, the augmentation of their capabilities, or the improvement of the quality of their work and life in general. Intelligent systems and autonomous machines need to continuously recognize and follow the professional actions and gestures of the operators in order to collaborate with them and anticipate their trajectories for avoiding potential collisions and accidents. Nevertheless, the recognition of patterns of professional gestures is a very challenging task for both research and the industry. There are various types of human movements that the intelligent systems need to perceive, for example, gestural commands to machines and professional actions with or without the use of tools. Moreover, the interclass and intraclass spatiotemporal variances together with the very limited access to annotated human motion data constitute a major research challenge. In this paper, we introduce the gesture operational model, which describes how gestures are performed based on assumptions that focus on the dynamic association of body entities, their synergies, and their serial and non-serial mediations, as well as their transitioning over time from one state to another. Then, the assumptions of the gesture operational model are translated into a simultaneous equation system for each body entity through state-space modeling. The coefficients of the equation are computed using the maximum likelihood estimation method. The simulation of the model generates a confidence-bounding box for every entity that describes the tolerance of its spatial variance over time. The contribution of our approach is demonstrated for both recognizing gestures and forecasting human motion trajectories. In recognition, it is combined with continuous hidden Markov models to boost the recognition accuracy when the likelihoods are not confident. In forecasting, a motion trajectory can be estimated by taking as minimum input two observations only. The performance of the algorithm has been evaluated using four industrial datasets that contain gestures and actions from a TV assembly line: the glassblowing industry, the gestural commands to automated guided vehicles as well as the human–robot collaboration in the automotive assembly lines. The hybrid approach State-Space and HMMs outperforms standard continuous HMMs and a 3DCNN-based end-to-end deep architecture.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	differential equations,forecasting,gesture recognition,hidden Markov models,motion trajectory,movement modeling,state-space representation
Radio Frequency-based Smart Control for Lighting in Public Service	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In the context of energy efficiency, the control function of electrical equipment is an essential part of saving electricity consumption. That proven by several previous studies about the control of electrical equipment that has been successful for efficiency. In this study, electrical equipment will be controlled in public service buildings, using radio frequency (RF) and the internet. The realisation of this research is to make a radio frequency prototype and an internet-based light control device. For the buildings whose location is difficult to reach by the internet, light control uses radiofrequency. While for buildings that are affordable by internet access, using the internet to control the light. In this study, the microcontroller used is ESP 8266 MCU Node and TCM 3105 FSK IC Modem for connection to the internet. Device performance in running controls measured by the delay. Delay is the time difference between the command input time and the time the device has run the command. The average delay is at an average distance of 1513 ms at a distance of 1 m, 2844 ms at a distance of 10 m, 4674 ms at a distance of 100 m, 4060 ms at a distance of 150 m and 3151 ms at a distance of 300 m. The delay value decreases because, at distances of 100, 150, and 300 connections are lost. Under these conditions, the delay value is considered empty (0) so that the average decreases. The farther the distance, the higher the percentage of unconnected, this can be seen at distances of 100, 150, and 300 m.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Applying process mining and semantic reasoning for process model customisation in healthcare	2020	Enterprise Information Systems	2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Process flexibility plays a key role in high variability environments, such as healthcare. In this type of environment, the process model needs to change some elements to adjust to specific sets of requirements. Thus, this paper proposes a process model customising method based on ontology and process mining. The method proposed is applied in customising process models for acute ischemic stroke treatment. During process model customisation, the method provides decision-making support for users, thereby ensuring a structurally correct process customisation and enabling improves patient treatment by means of recommendations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	3	Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management	healthcare,ontology,process mining,Process model customisation,semantic reasoning
An approach on advanced unscented kalman filter from mobile robot-slam	2020	International Archives of the Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences - ISPRS Archives	2020 Authors.In the past 30 years, Kalman filter is a classical method to solve the problem of simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) of mobile robots. Extended Kalman filter (EKF) and unscented Kalman filter (UKF) are derived from Kalman filter. Extended Kalman filter (EKF) overcomes the nonlinear problem that Kalman filter cannot solve. However, when it is strongly nonlinear, EKF violates the assumption of local linearity, and EKF algorithm may make the filter diverge. Secondly, because the Jacobian matrix is needed in the online processing of EKF, its tedious calculation process makes the implementation of this method relatively difficult. Unscented Kalman filter (UKF) uses nonlinear model directly, avoids operation of Jacobian matrix of complex nonlinear function, and ensures the general adaptability of nonlinear system. In this paper, based on the square root unscented Kalman filter, sigma points are selected according to the square-root decomposition of prior covariance, and then weighted mean and covariance are calculated. The quaternion is used to represent the attitude, and the quaternion vector is converted to the rotation space for matrix operation. Comparing the robot poses estimated based on the square root traceless Kalman filter (QSR-UKF), square root traceless Kalman filter (SR-UKF), and extended Kalman filter (EKF), the simulation results show the QSR-UKF proposed in this paper is effective.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Information Systems,Geography, Planning and Development	Extended Kalman Filter,Mobile Robot,Quaternion,Simultaneous Localization and Mapping,Unscented Kalman Filter
Assessment of tool platform micro vibrations induced by moving vehicles in hi-tech factories	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This study explores the micro vibrations of floors and tool platforms induced by internal moving automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in hi-tech factories. The equation of motion of a simplified multi-span floor (or beam) system installed with a tool platform under AGV moving forces generated by a modified Kanai-Tajimi power spectral density (MKT-PSD) function is derived. Dynamic time history analyses of the continuous beam model travelled by different AGV weights are performed. The corresponding root-mean-square (RMS) floor and platform vibration spectra are obtained by using a one-third octave band spectrum analysis and in turn used to compare with the micro vibration criterion. Simulated results indicated that the floor and platform vibrations increase with the AGV weight. For the maximum AGV weight considered, the floor vibration exceeds VC-A, while under the minimum AGV weight, the floor vibration reaches VC-B which is required by the vibration-sensitive tools. Moreover, the platform vibrations are far more than VC-A regardless of the AGV weight. Therefore, the introduction of a proper vibration control scheme is recommended to suppress the excessive micro vibrations of the floors and taller tool platforms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Real-time production and logistics self-adaption scheduling based on information entropy theory	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In recent years, the individualized demand of customers brings small batches and diversification of orders towards enterprises. The application of enabling technologies in the factory, such as the industrial Internet of things (IIoT) and cloud manufacturing (CMfg), enhances the ability of customer requirement automatic elicitation and the manufacturing process control. The job shop scheduling problem with a random job arrival time dramatically increases the difficulty in process management. Thus, how to collaboratively schedule the production and logistics resources in the shop floor is very challenging, and it has a fundamental and practical significance of achieving the competitiveness for an enterprise. To address this issue, the real-time model of production and logistics resources is built firstly. Then, the task entropy model is built based on the task information. Finally, the real-time self-adaption collaboration of production and logistics resources is realized. The proposed algorithm is carried out based on a practical case to evaluate its effectiveness. Experimental results show that our proposed algorithm outperforms three existing algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Industrial internet of things,Information entropy theory,Random job arrival time,Real-time scheduling,Self-adaption
Structural optimization of multi-functional heavy-load AGV based on distribution method of bearing forces 基于承载力分配法的多功能重载AGV结构优化	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To facilitate the flexible transportation and manual assembly jobs of large aircraft components under supported state in the assembly process, a general configuration of multi-functional heavy-load Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) was proposed. Considering the bearing forces of wheels and intelligent brackets, a distribution method of bearing forces was proposed based on static balance equations and size constraint conditions of the vehicle body. The topology optimization research on the vehicle body was carried out based on the proposed method and the evolutionary structural optimization method, and a cross beam structural design scheme was determined. At the same time, the optimal design parameters of a set of key structural dimensions were determined by using the multi-objective optimization algorithm. Results of the static loading test showed that the optimized structure could satisfy the requirements of engineering application.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Aircraft assembly,Distribution method of bearing forces,Heavy-load automated guided vehicle,Size optimization,Topology optimization
Research on Path Planning of Automatic Guided Vehicle in Container Terminal Based on Improved A* Algorithm 基于改进的A*算法集装箱码头自动导引小车路径规划研究	2020	Wuhan Ligong Daxue Xuebao (Jiaotong Kexue Yu Gongcheng Ban)/Journal of Wuhan University of Technology (Transportation Science and Engineering)	2020, Editorial Department of Journal of Wuhan University of Technology. All right reserved.In view of the great collision threat of the route planned by the traditional A* algorithm, the distance between AGV and obstacles and the safe distance function were added on the basis of the original heuristic function to limit the distance between AGV and obstacles, so as to reduce the collision threat. Finally, taking Shanghai Yangshan Deepwater Port as an example, using the improved A* algorithm, the simulation experiment was designed according to the actual situation. It is verified that when the distance of A* algorithm with collision factor is shortened to 1 m, the planning time increases to 0.04 s, and the overall benefit of the algorithm is obviously improved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	A* algorithm,Automated container terminal,Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV),Collision factor
Decentralized coordination of autonomous AGVs for flexible factory automation in the context of Industry 4.0	2020	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2020 IEEE.Future smart factories feature flexible systems that can dynamically reconFigure manufacturing systems via near real-time system monitoring and learning-based self-optimization. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs), as a critical method of transporting goods and material within a factory, is vital for flexible automation in a smart factory. However, there is an urgent gap in the ability to dynamically schedule and assign tasks for AGVs in a dynamic environment. In this research, we propose a decentralized AGV fleet architecture and task allocation method to enable dynamic allocation/reallocation of tasks in an AGV fleet. The developed algorithm can also reconFigure AGV task allocations to adapt to system changes, such as AGV failure and new AGVs joining the system. The system modeling, setup and algorithms are presented with a case study in a lab environment that demonstrates flexible collaboration between an AGV fleet and a robotic assembly cell.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Measurement of wheel radius in an automated guided vehicle	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.In the case of automated guided vehicles using odometry, a very important issue is to know the actual rolling radius of the wheel used to calculate the position of the vehicle. This radius is not constant. Its changes depend on the elastic deformation of the band layer and wheel slip. The theoretical determination of the value of the radius and the nature of the change is very difficult. For this reason, it was decided to determine the rolling radii by the experimental method. For this purpose, an appropriate test stand was built and the proposed research method was checked. Within the tests, there was also obtained a number of interesting results characterizing the material used to build bands and the ranges of changes rolling radii for the tested material were specified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automated guided vehicle,Measurement methods,Odometry errors,Wheel radius,Wheel slip
Air-gap-insensitive IPT pad with ferromagnetic and conductive plates	2020	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics	1986-2012 IEEE.A new conductive-plate-integrated inductive power transfer (IPT) system for automated guided vehicles with little output power variation according to air-gap changes between the transmitter (Tx) and receiver (Rx) is proposed. The inductance change of the ferrite core due to variations in the air gap is nullified by a corresponding change in an aluminum plate. Compared to conventional ferrite IPT systems, self-inductance of the proposed Tx coil is little changed against air-gap variations, which results in robust resonant frequency and output voltage. The self-inductance was experimentally verified to remain within 0.45% even when the air gap changes by fivefold from 10 to 50 mm. The output power variation became a twelfth of that of the conventional ferrite IPT for air-gap variations of 30 ∼ 50 mm, where the efficiency was found to be 96.0% when the output power was 1 kW.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	air-gap insensitive,Automated-guided vehicles (AGVs),conductive plate,inductive power transfer (IPT)
AGV routing and motion planning in a flexible manufacturing system using a fuzzy-based genetic algorithm	2020	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2020, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.Autonomous-guided vehicles (AGVs) are becoming increasingly prevalent and already helping in a variety of activities, ranging from space exploration to domestic housework. Recent advances in the design of sensors, motors and microelectromechanical systems are bringing us closer to the realization of autonomous multi robot systems which perform complex tasks. In this work, we explored the problem of vehicle routing and motion planning for a fleet of AGVs in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). Considering concurrently fuzzy demands associated with the workstations and fuzzy travel distances while moving between workstations, the problem is addressed in the context of uncertainty both in demands and travel times. The proposed motion planner is combined with a scheduler allowing each AGV to update its destination resource during navigation in order to complete the transported product. Furthermore, in order to take into account the fuzziness which may arise in the FMS, the proposed planner is integrated with fuzzy theory on fuzzy sets and fuzzy numbers. The efficiency of the solution procedure is demonstrated through numerical examples.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous-guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing system,Fuzzy logic,Genetic algorithm,Motion planning,Vehicle routing
High-efficiency posture prealignment method for large component assembly via iGPS and laser ranging	2020	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	1963-2012 IEEE.High-efficiency posture prealignment for large components is an important application in aircraft manufacturing. In this article, a new prealignment method for large components via indoor global positioning and laser ranging is proposed. Based on the smart automated guided vehicle (AGV) system, the component is transported from the previous processing station to the assembly station under the guidance of an indoor global positioning system (iGPS), and a predictive correction algorithm is proposed to solve the potential drift problem. The subsequent close-range prealignment is achieved with the proposed laser alignment method, and to improve the accuracy, the estimation of posture error is presented in detail, along with the layout optimization of laser displacement sensors (LDSs). The analysis indicates that the symmetric form with two LDSs on each edge is the most desirable layout. A prototype system is developed, and the verification experiment shows that the posture error is no more than 0.3 mm in translation and 0.02° in orientation. Besides the outstanding performance in precision and efficiency, it possesses great repeatability and applicability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Indoor global positioning system (iGPS),large-scale guidance,laser displacement sensor (LDS),laser ranging,prealignment
Explorative Study of a Brain-Computer Interface for Order Picking Tasks in Logistics	2020	Proceedings - 2020 12th International Conference on Intelligent Human-Machine Systems and Cybernetics, IHMSC 2020	2020 IEEE.Humans are still protagonists in logistics. Amongst automated guided vehicles (AGV) which induce relief to workers by minimizing monotonous and physically demanding tasks, the technological progress steadily introduces new methods of interaction in socio-technical systems e.g. augmented reality (AR). In this paper, an AGV control using mental commands through a consumer-grade EEG headset is implemented and tested to evaluate the user experience (UX) of a brain-computer interface (BCI) in a logistic scenario. The 13 participants had to train two commands to control an AGV during order picking. Results show that training two commands in a short time and executing them is manageable. The BCI was tested against a smartphone app, where the BCI was rated less efficient and more demanding. Further, the influences of different factors on the performance like focus capacity were assessed, but no significant results could be measured. The BCI performed well in its hedonic qualities, due to its novel approach and motivational properties.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Optimization,Modeling and Simulation,Artificial Intelligence,Human-Computer Interaction,Media Technology	Brain-Computer Interfaces,Human-Technology Interaction,Interaction in Socio-Technical Systems
Q-learning-based route-guidance and vehicle assignment for OHT systems in semiconductor fabs	2020	ASMC (Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference) Proceedings	2020 IEEE.We present a reinforcement learning-based algorithm for route guidance and vehicle assignment of an overhead hoist transport system, a typical form of automated material handling system in semiconductor fabrication facilities (fabs). As the size of the fab increases, so does the number of vehicles required to operate in the fab. The algorithm most commonly used in industry, a mathematical optimization-based algorithm that constantly seeks the shortest routes, has been proven ineffective in dealing with fabs operating around 1,000 vehicles or more. In this paper, we introduce Q-learning, a reinforcement learning-based algorithm for route guidance and vehicle assignment. Q-learning dynamically reroutes the vehicles based on the congestion and traffic conditions. It also assigns vehicles to tasks based on the overall congestion of the track. We show that the proposed algorithm is considerably more effective than the existing algorithm in an actual fab-scale experiment. Moreover, we illustrate that the Q-learning-based algorithm is more effective in designing the track layouts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Engineering (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated material handling system,optimization,reinforcement learning,routing,track layout design,vehicle assignment
Turn and orientation Sensitive A∗ for Autonomous Vehicles in Intelligent Material Handling Systems	2020	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2020 IEEE.Autonomous mobile robots are taking on more tasks in warehouses, speeding up operations and reducing accidents that claim many lives each year. This paper proposes a dynamic path planning algorithm, based on A∗ search method for large autonomous mobile robots such as forklifts, and generates an optimized, time-efficient path. Simulation results of the proposed turn and orientation sensitive A∗ algorithm show that it has a 94% success rate of computing a better or similar path compared to that of default A∗. The generated paths are smoother, have fewer turns, resulting in faster execution of tasks. The method also robustly handles unexpected obstacles in the path.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Design Orientation and Calculation Principles for Railway Gauges Based on BS EN 15273 欧标BS EN 15273铁路限界的设计思路与计算原则	2020	Journal of Railway Engineering Society	2020, Editorial Department of Journal of Railway Engineering Society. All right reserved.Research purposes: With the development of the Belt and Road Initiative of our country, there are more and more overseas railway projects undertaken by Chinese companies. In most foreign countries especially in south-east Asian countries, railway gauges are not unified. UIC, EN and BS standards are always used for railway gauges design, especially BS EN 15273 standard is commonly applied in overseas railway project. Since there are not many study results for BS EN 15273 in our country, this paper introduces the basic principle and calculation methods of railway gauges. Research conclusions:(1) Scope of application: it is applicable for newly built or updating railway projects, but not for automated guided transit or monorail projects. (2) Classification of gauges: in accordance with the difference of application scope and calculation principle, the railway gauges are classified to static gauge, kinematic gauge and dynamic gauge. (3) This paper can be used as a reference for designers to carry out gauge design in overseas railway engineering projects using BS EN 15273.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (miscellaneous)	BS EN 15273,EN standard,Gauges,Interconnection
A fuzzy virtual actuator for automated guided vehicles	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the author. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In the last decades, virtual sensors have found increasing attention in the research community. Virtual sensors employ mathematical models and different sources of information such as actuator states or sensors, which are already existing in a system, in order to generate virtual measurements. Additionally, in recent years, the concept of virtual actuators has been proposed by leading researchers. Virtual actuators are parts of a fault-tolerant control strategy and aim to accommodate faults and to achieve a safe operation of a faulty plant. This paper describes a novel concept for a fuzzy virtual actuator applied to an automated guided vehicle (AGV). The application of fuzzy logic rules allows integrating expert knowledge or experimental data into the decision making of the virtual actuator. The AGV under consideration disposes of an innovative steering concept, which leads to considerable advantages in terms of maneuverability, but requires an elaborate control system. The application of the virtual actuator allows the accommodation of several possible faults, such as a slippery surface under one of the drive modules of the AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Fault-tolerance,Virtual actuators,Virtual sensors
Modrak algorithm to minimize completion time for n-jobs m-machines problem in flexible manufacturing system	2020	International Journal of Emerging Trends in Engineering Research	2020, World Academy of Research in Science and Engineering. All rights reserved.Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) n-Jobs and m-Machines problem has been attempted in this paper using the Vladimír Modrák Algorithm. Job operations in FMS performed by more than one machine, In FMS Np hard problems are considered computationally. Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are used to transfer the material between machines which are not allowed to return after each delivery from load/unload station. Its objective is to minimize the completion time. Current demand demarcated by needs of the market survive market industries to essential flexibility and ability by FMS. An FMS includes four or more workstations which are connected by electronically controlled material handling and distributed controlled system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	2	Engineering (all)	AGVs,FMS,Johnsons Algorithm,Vladimir Modrak Algorithm
An Approach for Optimal Base Station Selection in 5G HetNets for Smart Factories	2020	Proceedings - 21st IEEE International Symposium on a World of Wireless, Mobile and Multimedia Networks, WoWMoM 2020	2020 IEEE.5G based heterogeneous networks (HetNets) have been attracting interest recently to support manufacturing processes in smart factory use cases. Smart factories require high performing wireless systems with high data rates and improved spectral efficiency to support mobile robots and other autonomous vehicles for example. To provide low latency, high coverage 5G deployments, comprised of multi-tier, Femto, Pico, and Macro cell networks are seen as a possible solution to meeting the required data rate requirements. This work analyzes the impact of base stations association strategies such as Maximum Received Power and Maximum Signal to Interference Plus Noise Ratio (SINR) for a 5G HetNet for Low Mobility robots and High Mobility autonomous guided vehicles in conjunction with fixed wireless sensor/actor devices. Experimental results show that our deployment scheme combined with the Maximum Received Power cell association strategy outperforms the Maximum SINR cell association strategy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ireland	0	Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Media Technology,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture	5G,Cell Association Strategy,Heterogeneous network (HetNet),Smart Factories
Deadlock avoidance for multiple tasks in a self-organizing production cell	2020	Proceedings - 2020 IEEE International Conference on Autonomic Computing and Self-Organizing Systems, ACSOS 2020	2020 IEEE.Deadlocks represent situations in which two participants are waiting for each other to finish an activity so that neither of them will ever finish. Deadlocks can occur in complex computer-integrated systems, such as flexible and self-organizing production systems. As deadlocks bring production to halt, methods for deadlock control in production systems are widely studied. Yet most algorithms proposed are not suited for the use in decentral multi-agent systems, as they require central control or can not handle concurrency. Other algorithms can be used in a decentral fashion but assume that only one type of product will be manufactured at a time. But in times of mass customization, where customers choose a product from a variety of options, support for several product types is required. To meet both the requirements of mass customization and decentral multi-agent systems, we present a new decentralized approach for avoiding deadlocks in a self-organizing production cell, where several types of products are being manufactured in parallel. Our approach is based solely on local knowledge and does not assume central control. We evaluate our approach in terms of effectiveness and message overhead to conclude that it avoids starvation and deadlocks with a reasonable message overhead.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications,Software,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	deadlock avoidance,decentral mechanisms,multi-agent systems,production systems,self-organization
Industrial Implementation and Performance Evaluation of LSD-SLAM and Map Filtering Algorithms for Obstacles Avoidance in a Cooperative Fleet of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles	2020	IRCE 2020 - 2020 3rd International Conference on Intelligent Robotics and Control Engineering	2020 IEEE.In this paper we present an industrial implementation and performance evaluation of the problem of obstacles detection by drones using autonomous navigation systems. The software module that has been developed as well as the tests conducted are part of a large industrial RD Vitrociset project called SWARM: An AI-Enabled Command and Control (CC) system, able to execute and review ISR missions for mini/micro cooperative fleets of heterogeneous UAVs. The presented software module, that is currently under test, has been developed to recognize obstacles and drive correctly the drones, using images acquired by low cost RGB video cameras, whose features of lightness and reduced size allow them to be installed on mini/micro UAVs. Moreover, this setup does not require special calibration and preconfiguration processes like the ones necessary for example using stereo video camera systems. The real-time recognition of obstacles in the surrounding environment has been obtained and evaluated through the implementation, performance evaluation and tests of the LSD-SLAM and map filtering algorithms; the core of the study has been realized starting from the integration of these algorithms with a simulated drone in a synthetic environment. The areas of interest have been identified through the filtering of a computer generated map: The module was then integrated into the SWARM project platform, allowing the control of a single drone's movement and making it ready for use in a cooperative fleet environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	industrial performance,LSD-SLAM,map filtering,UAV
HanGrawler: Large-Payload and High-Speed Ceiling Mobile Robot Using Crawler	2020	IEEE Transactions on Robotics	2004-2012 IEEE.In this article, we present a ceiling-mounted mobile robot, HanGrawler, with high-speed mobility and the ability to freely select and adjust its route under a ceiling plate. HanGrawler hangs from the holes of a perforated metal ceiling plate using newly developed mechanically constrained hanging mechanisms mounted on crawler-type traveling equipment. These mechanisms continuously grasp the ceiling holes while moving in a straight line. Specially designed turntables are installed at certain ceiling points to change the HanGrawler movement direction to facilitate two-dimensional motion. A performance evaluation experiment confirms that HanGrawler can travel linearly at 0.1 m/s, turn at an 8.5 °/s rotational speed, and carry a maximum load of 60 kg. The experiment also reveals that HanGrawler can carry a heavy load only when the timings of the hanging mechanism hooking motions and turntable rotational speed are tuned. This transport system can be utilized not only for part transportation on production lines but also for logistics in general.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ceiling mobile robot,logistics,mechanical hanging mechanism design,perforated metal
Regional layout planning in puzzle-based storage system	2020	Conference Proceedings of the 8th International Symposium on Project Management, ISPM 2020	8th International Symposium on Project Management, ISPM 2020. All rights reserved.Puzzle-based storage is a very dense storage method. The puzzle-based regional layout planning storage system affects the time and total cost of the automated warehouse, as well as its operational efficiency. Considering that previous studies focused on the calculation of pickup time and simulation results puzzle-based storage system. The purpose of this paper is to expand the analysis results and plan the layout of puzzle-based storage system in the case of limited warehouse area. The regional layout diagram is designed and an example is given. The escort of the system is allocated by using MATLAB. The operation results are calculated by exhaustive method under the condition of minimum delivery time and total cost. The results show that compared with random storage, zone storage can reduce the average retrieval time of puzzle-based storage system up to 69.43%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Management of Technology and Innovation,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law,Business and International Management	Escorts Allocation,Layout Planning,Puzzle Storage
A Fusion Algorithm Based on Physarum Polycephalum Network and Ant Colony optimization Algorithm	2020	IEEE International Conference on Automation Science and Engineering	2020 IEEE.Based on experimental analysis, it is known that physarum polycephalum shows a physiological bias towards the 'important feeding channel A fusion algorithm named Physarum-Network ant colony optimization algorithm (PNACO) is proposed by combining the mechanisms with the original ant colony algorithm. The algorithm takes the advantages of ant colonies and slime molds on the update of the pheromone matrix, which increases the selection probability of the 'optimal path' and improves the convergence speed and robustness. A multi-AGV path planning strategy based on the PNACO algorithm is proposed and a workshop logistics system is taken as an example to verify the feasibility and robustness of the strategy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Ant colony algorithm,Automatic guided vehicle,Path planning,Physarum polycephalum network
Path following for autonomous tractor under various soil conditions and unstable lateral dynamic	2020	International Conference on Advanced Robotics and Intelligent Systems, ARIS	2020 IEEE.Lighten the job of the agricultural vehicle operators by providing some autonomous functions is an important field of research, whose most important challenges are to keep the accuracy and optimize the yields. Autonomous navigation of a tractor involves the control of different kinematic and dynamic subsystems, such as the tractor positions, the yaw angle and the longitudinal speed dynamics. The dynamic behavior is highly correlated with the soil conditions of the agricultural field. This paper proposes a Lyapunov's stability theorem (LST) based kinematic controller for path following in autonomous tractor. Moreover, a Fuzzy-PID controller is employed to control the longitudinal dynamic, and a linear quadratic regulator (LQR) based state-feedback controller to handle the lateral dynamic behavior. Numerical simulation results in MATLAB software show the proposed algorithms can handle the uncertainty of the soil conditions represented by the variations of the rolling friction coefficient.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy-PID,LQR,Lyapunov,Path Following,Tractor
Multi-AGV conflict avoidance decision optimization method based on conflict prediction 基于冲突预测的多自动导引小车避碰决策优化	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To solve the path conflict and avoidance problem and improve the operational efficiency of multi-AGV system, an optimization method of multi-AGV conflict avoidance decision based on conflict prediction was proposed. A conflict prediction method based on vertex attributes and real-time pose was proposed. Considering the global state of the road network, the mathematical evaluation model of conflict avoidance decision was established, and an Improved Particle Swarm Optimization (IPSO) algorithm for multi-AGV system was proposed. By optimizing the speed and direction of particle motion, the premature convergence of optimization algorithm was avoided. In addition, the mutation operation was introduced into the particle by fusing the mutation idea of Genetic Algorithm (GA) to improve the global search ability of the optimization algorithm. The experimental results showed that the optimization method could solve the multi-AGV system path conflict problem effectively and reduce the total waiting time of AGVs in the process of conflict avoidance. Accordingly, the security and operation efficiency of multi-AGV system were improved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Conflict prediction,Improved particle swarm optimization,Multi-AGV,Vertex attributes
Networking method of distributed measurement network fused with autonomous navigation information	2020	Laser and Optoelectronics Progress	2020 Universitat zu Koln. All rights reserved.Photoelectric scanning-based distributed metrology system is a large-size three-dimensional coordinate measuring system that is widely used in industrial manufacturing and assembly environments However the huge measurement network system and the complexity of the measurement environments increase the difficulty of networking orientation and changes in any node will require re-networking The existing networking orientation method shows excessive dependence on manual operation and subjective estimation Therefore an automatic networking orientation method and calibration point planning strategy based on active mapping global positioning and automatic navigation are proposed Experimental results show that the proposed method has improved the efficiency and automation level of networking and can realize the automatic maintenance of the measurement system and industrial automation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	metrological instrumentation workspace measurement and positioning system photoelectric scanning networking orientation automated guided vehicle calibration planning
Generation, Classification and Segmentation of Point Clouds in Logistic Context with PointNet++ and DGCNN	2020	IRCE 2020 - 2020 3rd International Conference on Intelligent Robotics and Control Engineering	2020 IEEE.Many possible use-cases for deep-learning-based 3D object recognition in logistic environments have been proposed [1]. Nonetheless, the applicability of this technology in a logistic context has yet to be explored. Additionally, no dataset regarding point clouds in a logistic setting yet exists. Therefore, this paper investigates the generation of point clouds for logistics and the use of deep learning for classification and segmentation of the generated datasets. First, we generate different datasets regarding logistics with a virtual sensor. Afterwards, two state-of-the-art networks are evaluated and compared: PointNet++ and DGCN [2] [3]. Three different tasks are considered: The classification of logistic objects under the closed-world as well as the open-set assumption is assessed. Finally, the segmentation of logistic scenes is evaluated. Additionally, since simple surfaces can be removed reliably by traditional means, the effect of removing these as preprocessing step is evaluated as well. Both networks are able to reliably classify logistic objects with and without floor, even in the presence of unknown classes. However, while the segmentation performs well on average, some negative outliers do exist. Using transfer learning by pretraining the network with point clouds presenting the complete shape leads to a better performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering,Control and Optimization	Deep learning,point cloud classification,point cloud segmentation
Comparative study of autonomous path planning methods for mobile robot	2020	2020 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Computing and Data Communication Systems, icABCD 2020 - Proceedings	2020 IEEE.-Currently, robots are used to carry out dangerous tasks such as bomb detonations, spray painting, disaster management and so on. To ensure sufficient robot navigation, various path-planning methods are available in literature. These methods enable robots to create collision-free path in their working environments. Such environments can be either static (laboratory) or dynamic (realistic). The available path planning methods differ with respect to latency, applicability, computational load, power consumption rates and reliability. The ever-increasing applications of the mobile robots require computable and efficient methods. However, most path planning methods are theoretical, not always reliable and require huge computational resources, hence are not suitable for all real time applications. This paper is aimed at studying and comparing some of the available and important path planning methods for autonomous mobile robots in terms of characteristics of path planning methods, such as graph-based methods, sample-based methods and potential field methods. The paper compares characteristics of the path planning methods on the uniform performance index, by designing a comparison criterion. The performance of these methods will be studied based on the designed framework, including reliability, computational requirements, and power consumption rates. Recommendations towards a feasible solution with respect to the robot-working environment and the available resources will be provided.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems and Management	-Mobile robot,Artificial intelligence,Autonomous,Path planning
Sustainable move towards flexible, robotic, human-involving workplace	2020	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.The realisation of the ideas of smart factories and sustainable manufacturing can be quickly realised in companies where industrial production is high-volume, low-mix. However, it is more di°cult to follow trends toward industry 4.0 in craft industries such as tooling. This kind of work environment is a challenge for the deployment of sustainability and smart technologies because many stages involve the so-called "manual processing according to the worker's feeling and experience. " With the help of literature review and testing in the production environment, we approach the design of a procedure for planning a sustainable technological upgrade of craft production. The best method proved to be a combination of a maturity model, process mapping with flowcharts, critical analysis, and customised evaluation model. Workplace flexibility, as a move towards sustainability, is presented in a laboratory environment on screwing performed by human wearing HoloLens and collaborative robot.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovenia	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Collaborative robot,Flexibility,HoloLens,Sustainability,Workplace
A solution of the minimum-time speed planning problem based on lattice theory	2020	Journal of the Franklin Institute	2020 The Franklin InstituteFor a vehicle on an assigned path, we find the minimum-time speed law that satisfies kinematic and dynamic constraints, related to maximum speed and maximum tangential and transversal acceleration. We present a necessary and sufficient condition for the feasibility of the problem and a simple operator, based on the solution of two ordinary differential equations, which computes the optimal solution. Theoretically, we show that the problem feasible set, if not empty, is a lattice, whose supremum element corresponds to the optimal solution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Applied Mathematics	None
A sub-thz wireless power transfer for non-contact wafer-level testing	2020	Electronics (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In this paper, a sub-THz wireless power transfer (WPT) interface for non-contact wafer-level testing is proposed. The on-chip sub-THz couplers, which have been designed and analyzed with 3-D EM simulations, could be integrated into the WPT to transfer power through an air media. By using the sub-THz coils, the WPT occupies an extremely small chip size, which is suitable for future wafer-testing applications. In the best power transfer efficiency (PTE) condition of the WPT, the maximum power delivery is limited to 2.5 mW per channel. However, multi-channel sub-THz WPT could be a good solution to provide enough power for testing purposes while remaining high PTE. Simulated on a standard 28-nm CMOS technology, the proposed eight-channel WPT could provide 20 mW power with the PTE of 16%. The layouts of the eight-channel WPT transmitter and receiver occupy only 0.12 mm2, 0.098 mm2, respectively.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Non-contact testing,Sub-THz WPT,Wafer-level testing,Wireless power transfer (WPT)
Development of a hybrid path planning algorithm and a bio-inspired control for an omni-wheel mobile robot	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This research presents a control structure for an omni-wheel mobile robot (OWMR). The control structure includes the path planning module and the motion control module. In order to secure the robustness and fast control performance required in the operating environment of OWMR, a bio-inspired control method, brain limbic system (BLS)-based control, was applied. Based on the derived OWMR kinematic model, a motion controller was designed. Additionally, an optimal path planning module is suggested by combining the advantages of A* algorithm and the fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (FAHP). In order to verify the performance of the proposed motion control strategy and path planning algorithm, numerical simulations were conducted. Through a point-to-point movement task, circular path tracking task, and randomly moving target tracking task, it was confirmed that the suggesting motion controller is superior to the existing controllers, such as PID. In addition, A*–FAHP was applied to the OWMR to verify the performance of the proposed path planning algorithm, and it was simulated based on the static warehouse environment, dynamic warehouse environment, and autonomous ballet parking scenarios. The simulation results demonstrated that the proposed algorithm generates the optimal path in a short time without collision with stop and moving obstacles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	A*,Brain limbic system,Fuzzy analytic hierarchy process,Omni-wheel mobile robot
Selection of portable hard disk drive based upon weighted aggregated sum product assessment method: A case of Indian market	2020	Measurement and Control (United Kingdom)	The Author(s) 2020.The multicriteria decision-making methodology is utilized to assess different portable hard disk drive alternatives, according to the purchaser/retailer/wholesaler liking with respect to various attributes. The hard disk drive comes under various types and has a number of attributes connected with it such as storage capacity, size, data transfer speed and physical dimensions. The modern market caters to a wide variety of customer needs. Therefore, it becomes the need of the hour to present a simple technique to select the best alternative for purchaser/retailer/wholesaler to satisfy their combined needs. Among the multicriteria decision-making methods, the more simple and widely used technique weighted aggregated sum product assessment is utilized in this work. The data of different hard disk drives were collected that were available in the Indian market and 24 different models of five brands were considered in decision-making. The equal weights method and objective weights method, that is standard deviation method, are utilized to allocate weights of significance to the criteria. The ranks obtained with simple additive weighting, weighted product method and weighted aggregated sum product assessment are presented, and final ranks are considered with weighted aggregated sum product assessment method because it is an amalgamation of the simple additive weighting and weighted product method. The result reveals that Western Digital comes out to be the first choice as a brand because the top three models belong to them with both equal and objective weights. While utilizing these techniques, a consumer can purchase the best hard disk drive and it is also very advantageous for merchants and sellers to aid users in procuring their gadgets while manufacture of hard disk drive can produce their product with unique technological features aimed at particular users. Furthermore, the subjective weights can be considered to select the best alternative.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Instrumentation,Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	decision-making,hard disk drive,Multicriteria decision-making,weighted aggregated sum product assessment,weighted product method,weighted sum model
Automatic Patrol and Inspection Method for Machinery Diagnosis Robot - Sound Signal-Based Fuzzy Search Approach	2020	IEEE Sensors Journal	2001-2012 IEEE.This paper developed the basic theories and techniques for a plant machinery diagnosis robot (MDR). The workplace of MDR is usually a large-scale plant or a place with a dangerous environment. It must autonomously carry out the condition monitoring of plant machinery with sensors in order to detect machinery faults for securing the safety of the plant. In this paper, the basic function, concept and structure of the MDR are discussed. The intelligent control method by rough set, fuzzy neural network (FNN) and self-location-azimuth correction for the MDR that patrols on the inspection route are proposed. Additionally, navigation and search method by fuzzy inference using extracted fault sound signals are also proposed, by which the MDR will be navigated to the near side of the faulty machine when the fault of a machine has been detected during inspection. Finally, examples of practical navigation and fault machine searching are also shown.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	fuzzy control,fuzzy neural networks,Maintenance,mobile robots,monitoring
Pattern-based Interactive Configuration Derivation for Cyber-physical System Product Lines	2020	ACM Transactions on Cyber-Physical Systems	2020 ACM.Deriving a Cyber-Physical System (CPS) product from a product line requires configuring hundreds to thousands of configurable parameters of components and devices from multiple domains, e.g., computing, control, and communication. A fully automated configuration process for a CPS product line is seldom possible in practice, and a dynamic and interactive process is expected. Therefore, some configurable parameters are to be configured manually, and the rest can be configured either automatically or manually, depending on pre-defined constraints, the order of configuration steps, and previous configuration data in such a dynamic and interactive configuration process. In this article, we propose a pattern-based, interactive configuration derivation methodology (named as Pi-CD) to maximize opportunities of automatically deriving correct configurations of CPSs by benefiting from pre-defined constraints and configuration data of previous configuration steps. Pi-CD requires architectures of CPS product lines modeled with Unified Modeling Language extended with four types of variabilities, along with constraints specified in Object Constraint Language (OCL). Pi-CD is equipped with 324 configuration derivation patterns that we defined by systematically analyzing the OCL constructs and semantics. We evaluated Pi-CD by configuring 20 CPS products of varying complexity from two real-world CPS product lines. Results show that Pi-CD can achieve up to 72% automation degree with a negligible time cost. Moreover, its time performance remains stable with the increase in the number of configuration parameters as well as constraints.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Optimization	configuration derivation,object constraint language,product configuration,Product line engineering
Framework for selecting manufacturing simulation software in industry 4.0 environment	2020	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.Even though the use of simulation software packages is widespread in industrial and manufacturing companies, the criteria and methods proposed in the scientific literature to evaluate them do not adequately help companies in identifying a package able to enhance the efficiency of their production system. Hence, the main objective of this paper is to develop a framework to guide companies in choosing the most suitable manufacturing simulation software package. The evaluation framework developed in this study is based on two different multi-criteria methods: analytic hierarchy process (AHP) integrated with benefits, opportunities, costs, risks (BOCR) analysis and the best-worst method (BWM). The framework was developed on the basis of the suggestions from the literature and from a panel of experts, both from academia and industry, trying to capture all the facets of the software selection problem. For testing purposes, the proposed approach was applied to a mid-sized enterprise located in the south of Italy, which was facing the problem of buying an effective simulation software for Participatory Design. From a practical perspective, the application showed that the framework is effective in identifying the most suitable simulation software package according to the needs of the company. From a theoretical point of view, the multi-criteria methods suggested in the framework have never been applied to the problem of selecting simulation software; their usage in this context could bring some advantages compared to other decision-making tools.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Case study,Framework,Industry 4.0,Maturity model,MCDM approach,Software selection
Researches on green ports and shipping management: An overview	2020	Xitong Gongcheng Lilun yu Shijian/System Engineering Theory and Practice	2020, Editorial Board of Journal of Systems Engineering Society of China. All right reserved.The frequent shipping activities have caused severe environmental problems. To realize the goal of emission reduction in shipping, it is important to implement a systematic analysis on how to achieve green ports and green shipping. This paper summarizes the literature on energy savings and emission reduction in shipping from three perspectives, i.e., green ports, green shipping, and green maritime policies. The green ports issues include port management and port technologies; the green shipping issues analyze shipping management and shipping technologies; the green maritime policy issues cover some existing policies and measures and their impacts on shipping industry and environment. This paper also identifies some research gaps and outlines some potential research opportunities, including green port oriented studies, green shipping oriented studies, and emission policy oriented studies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Economic Geology,Computer Science Applications	Emission reduction technology,Green ports,Green shipping,Maritime policy
Multi-AGV dispatching and routing problem based on a three-stage decomposition method	2020	Mathematical Biosciences and Engineering	2020 the Author(s), licensee AIMS Press.Automatic guided vehicle (AGV) is a device for horizontal transportation between quay cranes and yard cranes in an automated container terminal. In which dispatching and routing problem (DRP) of the AGV system is a vital as well as basic issue. In the application of the actual AGV system, several practical factors including avoiding conflicts, path smoothness, difficulty in adjusting routes and anti-interference must be considered. The present study establishes the model with the goal of minimizing AGV travel distance, reducing operation time and response time. Furthermore, a three-stage decomposition solution to the problem was proposed by combining the advantages of pre-planning algorithm and real-time planning algorithm, which combines A∗ algorithm with the principle of time window to plan the path of each AGV in time order. Finally, the effectiveness of this method in path search and time optimization is illustrated and the system efficiency is improved by comparing and analyzing the calculation examples of different scales.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Computational Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	Dispatching and routing problem,Multi-agv systems,No conflict,Three-stage decomposition
ObjSim: Efficient testing of cyber-physical systems	2020	TAV-CPS/IoT 2020 - Proceedings of the 4th ACM SIGSOFT International Workshop on Testing, Analysis, and Verification of Cyber-Physical Systems and Internet of Things, co-located with ISSTA 2020	2020 ACM.Cyber-physical systems (CPSs) play a critical role in automating public infrastructure and thus attract wide range of attacks. Assessing the effectiveness of defense mechanisms is challenging as realistic sets of attacks to test them against are not always available. In this short paper, we briefly describe smart fuzzing, an automated, machine learning guided technique for systematically producing test suites of CPS network attacks. Our approach uses predictive ma- chine learning models and meta-heuristic search algorithms to guide the fuzzing of actuators so as to drive the CPS into different unsafe physical states. The approach has been proven effective on two real-world CPS testbeds.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Science Applications,Software	cyber-physical system,fuzzing,machine learning,network,testing
A survey on enhancing wire/wireless routing protocol using machine learning algorithms	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2020 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved.Routing is a technique used for choosing the best network’s path and forwarding the data over the selected path. This paper investigates the enhanced routing algorithms for wire/wireless networks through making a deep study of the most new routing algorithms in those networks, then analyzing these algorithms to examine the efficiency and effectiveness of the analyzed algorithms. Moreover, the paper deals with OSPF for the wired network and AODV for the wireless network. The emphasis of this research paper is concentrated on the survey in routing algorithms that used in wired and wireless networks such as OSPF and AODV because such algorithms are the best suitable kinds for the two types of Networks. The next subsection describes the basic features of these protocols. This paper also focuses on the common points in wire/wireless routing algorithms and using machine learning techniques for enhancements and improvements.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Iraq	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Travel time models for the rack-moving mobile robot system	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The rack-moving mobile robot (RMMR) system is a special parts-to-picker automated warehousing system that uses hundreds of rack-moving machines to accomplish the repetitive tasks of storing and retrieving parts by lifting and transporting unit racks autonomously. This paper investigates the operation cycle of the rack-moving machine for storage and retrieval from the perspective of the lane depth, especially exploring the particularity of the RMMR system in multi-deep lanes, and proposes expected travel time models of the rack-moving machine for single- and multi-deep layouts of the RMMR system. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed models, an experimental simulation was conducted with a 1–4-deep layout under six scenarios of different numbers of aisles and layers, and results were compared with results obtained using proposed models. The paper presents useful guidelines for the configuration of the RMMR system layout including the determination of the optimal lane depth.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	lane depth,rack-moving mobile robot system,simulation,travel time model,warehousing
Navigation system for an automatic guided vehicle	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2020 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.An automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a robot that could use wires or indicators on the floor to navigate itself in an environment. These AGV's use different types of guidance system depending on the application for which they are intended. Literature indicates that continues development have been done to improve those systems. In this project, the author is developing a cost effective and reliable multi-path following guidance system. It makes use of the NI Robotic Starter kit that is fitted with 4 digital infrared sensors to follow multiple paths made of a black tape on a white surface. The author programmed the AGV using a state machine where the middle 2 sensors are used to follow the line and the outer 2 sensors are used to control which path to follow. The results obtain proved the effectiveness of the developed guidance system as the AGV is effectively able to follow multiple paths while reducing the number of sensors needed to accomplish it.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Automatic Guided Vehicle that detects Dactylopius Opuntiae in Cactus Pears	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2020 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.Food security is one of the biggest challenges faced in Africa with drought being one of the leading factors. Cactus pear is a drought-resistant source of food for both animals and humans. They have become indigenous in South Africa and has maintained a role in the diet of the local population and animal feed. This food source needs to be monitored for Dactylopius Opuntiae. Dactylopuis is an insect that infests the Cactus Pear (Opuntia) and makes a cottony, waxy mass as shelter for the female and their eggs. Industry 4.0 led to the introduction of a subcategory namely Farming 4.0 also known as smart farming. This paper evaluates such a smart farming automatic guided vehicle (AGV) system that could navigate itself from plant to plant using Xbox Kinect and detect Dactylopius Opuntiae. Results show and discuss the navigation-speed and an example of the Dactylopius Opuntiae detection. The passive response could include an internet of things (IoT) approach that could send the GPS data of the infested plant to the farmer or an active approach could be an onsite hands-on application.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Real-time Task Assignment Method of Two-load AGV under Dynamic Change of Goods Urgency in Logistics Warehouse	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.A real-time task assignment method based on the least time is proposed to solve the problem of automatic assignment of two-load Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) transportation tasks when the urgency of outbound goods is changing dynamically. Firstly, the urgency of goods going out of the warehouse is defined, and it is time-dependent and divided into two categories: urgent and non-urgent. Secondly, the location of AGV consists of three classes and the current task status of AGV is also detailed to three classes. Thirdly, the same vehicle factor is determined according to whether the adjacent outgoing goods are in the same vehicle. Fourthly, according to the order of issued task and taking the above factors into consideration, the delivery time is analyzed and enumerated under different shipment orders and different AGV status. Finally, a decision tree is built and the real-time task assignment method is proposed considering the least time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
A UWB-Based Low-Cost and Precise Localization Method for Mobile Robots	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2020 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The need for automating cargo management in a manufacture environment is urgent. Recent advance in big data and artificial intelligence areas has made it possible. As we known, most cargoes are transported using autonomously guided vehicles or manpower. Many autonomously guided vehicles follow paths that are predefined and usually marked by labels that can be easily found by vehicles. The use of predefined path for vehicle navigation greatly limits the deployment of autonomously guided vehicles. A few vehicles use high accuracy Light Laser Detection and Ranging for sensing and guidance. In this paper, a low-cost and precise method for mobile robots has been developed. Considering the high nonlinearity of UWB ranging data, a least square method is used to find optimal locations and a gradient decent approach is applied for fast convergence to the optimal results. The proposed method is also able to diagnose the ultra-wide band data and will throw away any data corrupted by noise. Therefore, the robustness is obtained.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Path planning of mobile robots based on an improved A∗algorithm	2020	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2020 ACM.When an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) performs navigation tasks, it needs to run the path planning algorithm to obtain an optimal path in a current environment. In this paper, Dijkstra algorithm and A∗algorithm with different heuristic functions are applied to static environment modeling with various types of obstacles. To solve the problem that there are many redundant points and inflection points in the search process of the A∗algorithm, an improved A∗algorithm with Manhattan distance as a heuristic function is selected as the path planning algorithm. In addition, a calculation method of optimizing a past cost function is proposed, and the weight of heuristic function is optimized simultaneously. Simulation results show that the improved algorithm has a higher efficiency and less path inflection points than the traditional A∗algorithm has.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Software	A,algorithm,heuristic function Dijkstra algorithm,path planning
Spin-type forward motion mode based on double steering wheel parking AGV	2020	Industrial Robot	2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to propose the situation that the existing parking automated guided vehicle (AGV) has a single walking mode, a spin forward motion mode based on a dual steering wheel driven parking AGV. In this way, the AGV can complete the 180° spin of the AGV in the process of straight forward. Design/methodology/approach: A spin forward kinematics model of the dual steering wheel AGV is established, and a motion controller of the dual steering wheel AGV is designed based on the principle of model predictive control to complete the path following the spin forward motion mode. Findings: Computer simulations and laboratory tests were performed on this movement mode, which showed that the operation mode was feasible. It also verified that the mode can improve the handling efficiency, and also solved the problem that the parking space beside the wall could not be set and the site utilization was improved. Research limitations/implications: The controller should be further improved to make the operation smoother and more accurate. Practical implications: This mode has the applicability to the indoor logistics AGVs. In addition, it can improve the handling efficiency and also solved the problem that the storage space for goods beside the wall could not be set and the site utilization was improved. Social implications: This method can solve the problem due to the increasing number of private cars and parking spaces are hard to find. It increases the number of parking spaces and improves the utilization rate of the site. In addition, it also saves people the time to find a parking space and reduces car exhaust emissions in the process. It follows the requirements of sustainable development. Originality/value: The studies in this paper provide AGV with more ideas on the issue of improving handling efficiency and site utilization and also solves the problem of being unable to set parking spaces when parking against the wall. In addition, this model has applicability to indoor logistics AGV and plays the same role.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Motion control,Spin forward
Analysis of patient-mover dispatching and equipment-marshalling areas: a simulation study at the University of Michigan Hospital	2020	Health Systems	Operational Research Society 2018.We study the intra-facility patient movement problem in large, multi-floor hospitals, where many patients are moved each year by patient movers using wheelchairs or gurneys. Using a simulation model, and the University of Michigan Health System (UMHS) hospital as the problem setting, we compare alternative rules for dispatching the patient movers via a centralised, computer-controlled system. Included in the comparison is the rule used currently at the hospital as well as new alternative dispatching rules we develop for the study. Our results suggest that significant improvements in system performance can be obtained by using better dispatching rules that consider not only the proximity of the patient mover to the patient pick-up point but also the type of equipment needed (wheelchair versus gurney) and the location of the equipment marshalling areas, which also play a key role. In conjunction with the dispatching rules, we investigate the number and location of the marshalling areas, and show empirically that carefully locating them based on usage improves the system performance as much as, if not more than, a more efficient dispatching rule. Although the UMHS hospital serves as the problem setting, our study would apply to most hospitals with dedicated patient movers and centralised dispatching.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Health Policy,Health Informatics	discrete-event simulation,Patient transport,patient-mover dispatching,process improvement
A waypoint tracking controller for autonomous road vehicles using ROS framework	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Automated Driving Systems (ADSs) require robust and scalable control systems in order to achieve a safe, efficient and comfortable driving experience. Most global planners for autonomous vehicles provide as output a sequence of waypoints to be followed. This paper proposes a modular and scalable waypoint tracking controller for Robot Operating System (ROS)-based autonomous guided vehicles. The proposed controller performs a smooth interpolation of the waypoints and uses optimal control techniques to ensure robust trajectory tracking even at high speeds in urban environments (up to 50 km/h). The delays in the localization system and actuators are compensated in the control loop to stabilize the system. Forward velocity is adapted to path characteristics using a velocity profiler. The controller has been implemented as an ROS package providing scalability and exportability to the system in order to be used with a wide variety of simulators and real vehicles. We show the results of this controller using the novel and hyper realistic CARLA Simulator and carrying out a comparison with other standard and state-of-art trajectory tracking controllers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous road vehicles,Path tracking control,Robot Operating System (ROS)
An Automatic Guided Vehicle Control System Based on an ARX Model Identifications and a Hybrid Particle Swarm Parameter Optimization	2020	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2020 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.The modeling accuracy of an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) mathematical model is a crucial factor affecting the control accuracy of the AGV. Traditional AGVs are usually controlled by PID control algorithms when the system structures are unknown. The parameter configuration of the controllers mainly rely on manual trial and error-method. Therefore, the task volume is large, the performance of the controller is difficult to be guaranteed. In order to solve this problem, this paper uses ARX model and parameter identification method to model the controlled object according to the actual engineering requirements of the magnetic navigation AGV. Based on the identified model, a hybrid particle swarm optimization (HPSO, Hybrid Particle Swarm Optimization) is used to optimize the parameters of the PID controller of the magnetic navigation AGV. Using the integrated error criterion (ITAE) as the error performance index, the control effects of the optimal parameters found by the trial and error method, standard PSO, and HPSO on the magnetic navigation AGV were compared. The results show that the PID controller designed with the HPSO method has better control performance indicators and can improve the adaptability and robustness of the control system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	AGV,HPSO,parameter optimization,PID controller,system identification
Model-based design of the vehicle dynamics control for an omnidirectional automated guided vehicle (AGV)	2020	15th International Conference Mechatronic Systems and Materials, MSM 2020	2020 IEEE.This paper presents the concept of an omnidirectional automated guided vehicle (AGV) and the model-based design of the vehicle dynamics control. To increase the movement flexibility of the AGV the omnidirectional maneuverability should be particularly taken into account in the concept of the new AGV. In contrast to conventional AGV, which uses normal conventional wheels to transmit the driving torque to the road surface, mecanum wheels are used in the new AGV to ensure omnidirectional maneuverability in the realization of the chassis. To perform the planar motion of the AGV as quickly and exactly as the specified trajectory, the vehicle dynamics control is model-based designed, whereby the kinematic and dynamic behavior of the AGV is firstly described by a mathematical model according to the simplified physical vehicle model. By analyzing the mathematical model, the suitable control algorithm is selected and thus the control structure, as well as the control parameters, are determined.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Surfaces, Coatings and Films,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	AGV,Mecanum wheel,Model-based design,Omnidirectional,Vehicle dynamics control
Research on stability design of differential drive fork-type AGV based on PID control	2020	Electronics (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.As one of the important components of intelligent warehousing logistics, Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) have greatly improved the efficiency of warehousing operations. AGVs are responsible for the delivery of goods in warehousing and logistics, and it is extremely important to maintain a stable running state. In this paper, an AGV in-situ steering dynamic model is established according to the actual size, and the center deviation phenomenon during AGV steering is theoretically analyzed to obtain the parameters that affect the AGV’s in-situ steering stability. Secondly, the dynamic simulation method is used to analyze the law of the stability of the AGV insitu steering parameters to verify the correctness of the theoretical derivation equation. According to the analysis results, the motion parameters related to AGV in-situ steering are analyzed, and a reasonable design scheme is given. Based on the optimized fork-type AGV, the AGV in-situ steering control strategy is studied, and the adaptive fuzzy PID control algorithm is used to construct the fork-type AGV steering control system. Then the software and hardware design of the AGV steering control system is carried out. The optimized fork-type AGV has been turned to work stably after commissioning, meeting the actual work requirements.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Control strategy,Differential drive,Stability,Steering
Enhancement of Automated Guided Vehicle System for Heavy Trucks	2020	2020 12th International Conference on Electrical Engineering, ICEENG 2020	2020 IEEE.Current steering automation techniques are well serving most of the commonly used vehicles especially commercial cars, however those vehicles with small steering angle (SSA) such as heavy trucks would be the most difficult to apply these techniques to, as these vehicles have higher tendency to exhibit under-steer on curvature turns of the road. In this paper an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system is suggested to automate specific maneuvers for SSA vehicles, this system is based on conventional kinematics modeling and specially designed maneuvering trajectory for the concerned type of vehicles. Moreover as an application for this methodology, this research presents an automated parking system of SSA vehicle with innovative solution for the stubborn issue of curvy trajectories by converting them mathematically into linear ones. The operation principles of the designed path algorithm are explained with geometric logic interpretation, while output results are depicted using MATLAB simulation to verify the system advantages.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	Ackerman principle,automated guided vehicle (AGV),electronic control unit (ECU),maneuvering trajectory,small steering angle (SSA),vehicle kinematics
An improved integrated navigation method based on RINS, GNSS and kinematics for port heavy-duty AGV	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part D: Journal of Automobile Engineering	IMechE 2020.The current navigation methods for port heavy-duty automated guided vehicle mainly include the antenna radar-transponder navigation and the global navigation satellite system. However, the former has a huge cost and the latter will generate multi-path error easily. To avoid these problems, an improved integrated navigation method based on single-axis rotating inertial navigation system, global navigation satellite system and kinematics is proposed. First, the rotating inertial navigation system/ global navigation satellite system and rotating inertial navigation system/Kinematics integrated navigation methods generate corresponding estimates and filtering error covariances through their respective extended Kalman filter filters, and then the two sets of results are fused by the optimal weighted voting fusion method. The proposed method is applied to a heavy-duty automated guided vehicle for engineering verification. Without multi-path error, the navigation accuracy is 1.8–2.98 times higher than that of the traditional global navigation satellite system navigation. In the case of multi-path error, the improved method still has high fault tolerance and high navigation accuracy. The accuracy of this method satisfies the requirements of port heavy-duty automated guided vehicle, which can greatly reduce the number of transponders and has high practical value.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	navigation methods,optimal weighted voting fusion method,Port heavy-duty AGV
Decoupling Circuit for Automated Guided Vehicles IPT Charging Systems with Dual Receivers	2020	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics	1986-2012 IEEE.It is more efficient to employ inductive power transfer (IPT) systems to charge automated guided vehicles (AGVs) than traditional plug-in systems. In order to provide independent and different charging power for the driven system and the control system of AGVs simultaneously, this letter proposes a coaxial dual-receiver structure and a decoupling circuit, which utilizes a passive component connected with two receiving coils to cancel out the mutual inductance between each other. By using this decoupling method, the two receiving coils could be treated as independent receivers without precise placement or additional transformers. First, the decoupling model is analyzed in detail, and the value of the decoupling component is given without any restriction of the ratio of their current. Then, the structure of the dual receiver is designed. Finally, an IPT system with one transmitter and dual receivers is built to verify the feasibility of the proposed method. Experimental results show that when one of the loads varies from 20 to 80 Ω, the voltage fluctuation of the other load is as small as 1.36% with decoupling, whereas 54.46% of voltage fluctuation without decoupling. The results validate that the proposed method is suitable for the application requiring dual independent outputs in the same equipment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) applications,decoupling circuit,dual independent output,inductive power transfer (IPT) systems
An MPC Scheme for Traffic Coordination in Open and Irreversible, Zone-Controlled, Guidepath-Based Transport Systems	2020	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.Zone-controlled, guidepath-based transport system (ZC-GBTS) is a modeling abstraction that has been used extensively for the modeling of the safe interaction of a number of agents that circulate in a constricted medium. The traffic scheduling problem in these transport systems is very hard, and in some recent work of ours, we have proposed a model predictive control (MPC) scheme for simplifying this problem. The detailed implementation of this MPC scheme depends on certain structural and operational properties of the underlying ZC-GBTS. In this article, we detail the aforementioned MPC scheme for a ZC-GBTS subclass that is characterized as 'open and irreversible'; the presented results leverage some earlier similar developments of ours for the subclass of 'open and reversible' ZC-GBTS. Note to Practitioners - Open and irreversible zone-controlled, guidepath-based transport system is a natural abstraction of the traffic dynamics that take place in many unit-load material handling systems (MHSs), like the automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems that are used in various production and logistics environments and the overhead monorail systems that are used in most semiconductor manufacturing facilities. In these environments, vehicles are circulating in a 'guidepath network' that is defined either by the physical structure of the employed MHS (as in the case of the overhead monorail systems) or, more artificially, in an effort to isolate the traffic of these vehicles from the surrounding environment (as in the case of the AGV systems). Furthermore, in order to ensure safe and collision-free motion for the traveling vehicles, the various edges of this guidepath network are further divided into zones, and it is stipulated that each zone can be allocated to at most one agent at any time. This restriction renders the considered transport systems susceptible to deadlock, and therefore, their traffic controller must control the generated traffic for time-based performance considerations, like the maximization of the system throughput or the minimization of the experienced delays, but also for ensuring traffic-liveness, i.e., the ability of every vehicle to complete successfully its current assignment and engage in similar assignments in the future. The resulting problem is very complex, and the current article provides a complete and computationally efficient solution to it.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock avoidance,discrete event systems,guidepath-based transport systems,model predictive control (MPC),traffic-liveness enforcement
Fuzzy modelling and robust fault-tolerant scheduling of cooperating forklifts	2020	IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems	2020 IEEE.A permanent growth of forklifts' indoor practical applications such as high-storage warehouses makes them dominating transportation tools. It rises the need for their coordinated scheduling including uncertainties related to the human operator behaviour. To tackle this problem, in the paper a novel comprehensive fuzzy logic-based methodology enabling modeling cooperating forklifts and their robust fault-tolerant scheduling is proposed. The advantage of the developed methodology is that it can overcome inevitable conditions like faults, environmental or human-like disturbances and uncertainties. To settle this problem a fuzzy algebraic max plus algebra-based model is proposed and accompanied with a suitable predictive scheduling algorithm. Subsequently, the proposed approach is extended by fault diagnosis mechanisms resulting in a new centrally managed predictive fault-tolerant scheduling system. The efficiency of the proposed approach is evaluated using various simulation scenarios which involve cooperating forklifts transportation tasks operating in a high-storage warehouse of RAFI GmbH Co. KG company.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	Fault tolerant control,Forklifts,Fuzzy logic,Fuzzy systems,Max-plus algebra,Predictive control,Scheduling algorithms,Takagi-Sugeno model
Detection, localisation and tracking of pallets using machine learning techniques and 2D range data	2020	Neural Computing and Applications	2019, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.The problem of autonomous transportation in industrial scenarios is receiving a renewed interest due to the way it can revolutionise internal logistics, especially in unstructured environments. This paper presents a novel architecture allowing a robot to detect, localise, and track (possibly multiple) pallets using machine learning techniques based on an on-board 2D laser rangefinder only. The architecture is composed of two main components: the first stage is a pallet detector employing a Faster Region-Based Convolutional Neural Network (Faster R-CNN) detector cascaded with a CNN-based classifier; the second stage is a Kalman filter for localising and tracking detected pallets, which we also use to defer commitment to a pallet detected in the first stage until sufficient confidence has been acquired via a sequential data acquisition process. For fine-tuning the CNNs, the architecture has been systematically evaluated using a real-world dataset containing 340 labelled 2D scans, which have been made freely available in an online repository. Detection performance has been assessed on the basis of the average accuracy over k-fold cross-validation, and it scored 99.58% in our tests. Concerning pallet localisation and tracking, experiments have been performed in a scenario where the robot is approaching the pallet to fork. Although data have been originally acquired by considering only one pallet as per specification of the use case we consider, artificial data have been generated as well to mimic the presence of multiple pallets in the robot workspace. Our experimental results confirm that the system is capable of identifying, localising and tracking pallets with a high success rate while being robust to false positives.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	2	Software,Artificial Intelligence	2D laser rangefinder,Automated guided vehicle,Computer vision,Faster R-CNN,Pallet detection
A virtual fuzzy actuator for the fault-tolerant control of a rescue vehicle	2020	IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems	2020 IEEE.This paper intends to present a novel and promising application field for fuzzy logic: the realization of fuzzy virtual actuators. In the field of control and diagnosis, virtual sensors are successfully applied since several years. This kind of sensor applies a mathematical model and different sources of information, for instance the state of actuators or information from already existing sensors, in order to generate virtual measurements. Current research activities aim at complementing the concept of virtual sensors with the concept of virtual actuators. Virtual actuators are parts of a fault-tolerant control strategy and aim to accommodate faults and to achieve a safe operation of a faulty plant. So far, only few authors report the application of fuzzy logic to the concept of virtual actuators and this application is limited on a representation of the non-linear system with the Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy model. In the focus of this paper is a novel fuzzy virtual actuator which applies fuzzy rules in order to include experts knowledge. The application example is a rescue vehicle. The application of fuzzy logic rules allows to integrate experts knowledge into the decision making of the virtual actuator in the control system of the vehicle. It enables the accommodation of several possible faults, such as a slippery surface under one of the chains of the rescue vehicle.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	Fault-Tolerance,Model Predictive Control,Virtual Sensor
An energy consumption model for designing an AGV energy storage system with a PEMFC stack	2020	Energies	2020 by the authors.This article presents a methodology for building an AGV (automated guided vehicle) power supply system simulation model with a polymer electrolyte membrane fuel cell stack (PEMFC). The model focuses on selecting the correct parameters for the hybrid energy buffering system to ensure proper operating parameters of the vehicle, i.e., minimizing vehicle downtime. The AGV uses 2 × 1.18 kW electric motors and is a development version of a battery-powered vehicle in which the battery has been replaced with a hybrid power system using a 300WPEMFC. The research and development of the new power system were initiated by the AGV manufacturer. The model-based design (MBD) methodology is used in the design and construction of a complete simulation model for the system, which consists of the fuel cell system, energy processing, a storage system, and an energy demand models. The energy demand model has been developed based on measurements from the existing AGV, and the remaining parts of the model are based on simulation models tuned to the characteristics obtained for the individual subsystems or from commonly available data. A parametric model is created with the possibility for development and determination by simulation of either the final system or from the parameters of the individual models' elements (components of the designed system). The presented methodology can be used to develop alternative versions of the system, in particular the selection of the correct size of supercapacitors and batteries which depend on the energy demand profile and the development of the DC/DC converter and controllers. Additionally, the varying topology of the whole system was also analyzed. Minimization of downtime has been presented as one of many possible uses of the presented model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Autoregressive models of nonstationary signals,Fuel cell,Hybrid energy storage system,Model-based design,Waveforms modeling
Image Preprocessing of Obstacle Avoidance for Underground Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Based on Monocular Vision	2020	2020 5th Asia-Pacific Conference on Intelligent Robot Systems, ACIRS 2020	2020 IEEE.Given the inevitable existence of some static or dynamic obstacles in some local areas of the underground roadway and the characteristics of the roadway environment where the obstacles are located, this paper proposes a method of obstacle detection for underground UAV based on monocular vision. This method can extract obstacles from the complex tunnel background, and get the two-dimensional information of obstacles in the image after preprocessing and provide an important basis for the subsequent obstacle avoidance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering	obstacle,preprocessing,roadway,UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle)
Deep learning-based algorithm for mobile robot control in textureless environment	2020	15th International Conference Mechatronic Systems and Materials, MSM 2020	2020 IEEE.For the implementation of stereo image-based visual servoing algorithm in the eye-in-hand robotics applications, one of the main concerns is the accurate point feature detection and matching algorithm. Since the visual servoing is carried out in the textureless environment, the feature detection process is even more challenging. To fulfill the requirement of a robust and reliable point feature detection process, in this paper we present the novel deep learning-based algorithm. The approach based on convolutional neural networks and algorithm for detection of manufacturing entities is proposed and detected regions of interest are utilized for the improvement of the point feature detection algorithm. The proposed algorithm is experimentally evaluated in real-world settings by using wheeled nonholonomic mobile robot RAICO equipped with stereo vision system. The experimental results show the improvement of 58% in the accuracy of matched point features in the images obtained during the visual servoing process. Moreover, with the implementation of the proposed deep learning-based approach, the number of successful experimental runs has increased by 80%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Serbia	0	Surfaces, Coatings and Films,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	Convolutional neural networks,Mobile robots,Stereo image-based visual servoing
Adaptive Backstepping Control with Extended State Observer for Wheeled Mobile Robot	2020	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2020 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.In this paper, the adaptive backstepping controller is designed based on kinematics and dynamics model of the wheeled mobile robot (WMR). Based on backstepping control theory, an adaptive law is designed to reduce the influence of the control system because of the internal disturbance caused by uncertain or unknown parameters of system and the external disturbance caused by environmental factors. Lyapunov stability theory is applied to prove the stability of the adaptive controller. In order to further reduce the influence of disturbance on the control performance, the extended state observer (ESO) is introduced to observe the disturbances of linear speed and angular speed which compensate the control output value of adaptive controller. Simulation results show that the proposed control method can adapt disturbance of the system and has a good performance on trajectory tracking.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	adaptive backstepping control,extended state observer,wheeled mobile robot
Analysis and Decision of Optimal Path of Forest Disaster Patrol Based on Beidou Navigation	2020	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2020 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.In this paper, a forest data map returned by Beidou satellites is combined with classic theories such as graph theory and mathematical planning, and the Dijkstra algorithm, which is the most widely used in practice, is the core to propose a forest patrol optimal path planning model. And by comparing with the Floyd path planning algorithm, the correctness and implementability of the model are verified. The experimental results show that the algorithm effectively solves the problem of optimal path decision from a patrol base to an arbitrary forest area in a certain forest, and verifies that the Dijkstra algorithm can be accurately and reliably applied to the optimal path planning field of forest patrol.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Beidou navigation,Dijkstra algorithm,Forest patrol,Optimal path planning
Autonomous Mobile Robot Obstacle Avoidance Using Fuzzy-PID Controller in Robot's Varying Dynamics	2020	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2020 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.This paper focuses on the design of a fuzzy-PID controller for a laser sensor-based mobile robot to detect the obstacle and to avoid it. The research discusses two significant problems, i.e. The mobile robot requries high performance so for this purpose; the robots are required to avoid the obstacle with minimum overshoot and settling time, and other is to tune the gains of controller automatically using fuzzy laws even if the parameters of the vehicle are changed. This paper compares the fuzzy tuned PID controller and classic PID controller under two different vehicle dynamics. The results shows that in varying dynamics of the vehicle, the performance of the fuzzy-PID controller possess better adaptability and very promising while results are compared to the classical PID controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Fuzzy laws,Fuzzy-PID controller,Laser Sensor-based obstacle avoidance,Mobile robot
Path-Following Control for Self-driving Forklifts based on Cascade Disturbance Rejection with Coordinates Reconstruction	2020	Chinese Control Conference, CCC	2020 Technical Committee on Control Theory, Chinese Association of Automation.The forklift is one of the most popular goods handling vehicles in logistic applications. Self-driving, as an emerging technology, is promising in simultaneously reducing the labor cost and improving the logistic efficiency for forklifts. In this paper, a cascade path-following controller for the self-driving forklift with rear wheel steering, based on a dynamic model, is proposed in the framework of active disturbance rejection control. To address the nonminimum phase behavior observed in forklift with rear wheel steering system, a coordinates reconstruction method is first applied. Then the lateral error, of the reconstructed coordinates to the target trajectory, is enforced to zero by manipulating the desired heading angle through the outer-loop controller. The heading angle is achieved in the inner-loop controller by adjusting the desired steering wheel angle. For both inner and outer loop controllers, all the effects of the discrepancy of the dynamic model from the real forklift are lumped into total disturbances for each loop, which are then estimated by the extended state observers. With the total disturbance rejected in the feedback loop, the plant is enforced to behave as a simple first order linear system which is straightforward to control. Experimental validation results show 20 cm maximum lateral error without need for controller gain scheduling, using low-cost positioning system with 15 cm positioning uncertainty. Frequency domain analysis is also provided for the evaluation of the robustness of the proposed controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science Applications,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation	Active disturbance rejection control,coordinates reconstruction,Path-following control,Self-driving forklift
Efficient Liveness Assessment for Traffic States in Open, Irreversible, Dynamically Routed, Zone-Controlled Guidepath-Based Transport Systems	2020	IEEE Transactions on Automatic Control	1963-2012 IEEE.Open, irreversible, dynamically routed, zone-controlled guidepath-based transport systems model the operation of many automated unit-load material handling systems that are used in various production and distribution facilities. An important requirement for these systems is to preserve the system liveness - i.e., the ability of each system agent to reach any location of the underlying guidepath network - by blocking those traffic states that will result in deadlock and/or livelock. The remaining set of traffic states are characterized as 'live.' The worst-case computational complexity of the decision problem of assessing the state liveness in the considered class of transport systems is an open issue. As a first contribution of this paper, we identify an extensive subclass of these traffic states, defined through the topology of an abstracting graphical representation of the 'traffic state' concept, for which the corresponding problem of liveness assessment admits a polynomial solution, and we present the relevant algorithm for this assessment. But the development of the aforementioned results has also led to a new methodological framework for representing and analyzing the qualitative dynamics of the considered transport systems with respect to the reachability and the liveness problems that are the focus of this paper. This framework can enable an effective and efficient (but maybe not polynomial-complexity) resolution of the state liveness even for those traffic states that do not belong in the primary state class that is considered in this paper; we highlight this additional possibility in the closing part of this paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock avoidance,discrete event systems (DESs),guidepath-based traffic systems,traffic liveness and its enforcement
A New Distance Diffusion Algorithm for a Path-Planning Model based on Cellular Automata	2020	2020 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, CEC 2020 - Conference Proceedings	2020 IEEE.Cellular automata (CA) are bio-inspired approach that have been recently investigated to several applications including robotics. An improved model based on CA rules is proposed and evaluated for path-planning in autonomous robots. The objective is to build a short collision-free path from the robot's starting position to the target, trying to avoid unnecessary turns as much as possible. CA rules are used to enlarge obstacles, avoid their concavities and spread the distance from each cell to the target. The robot route is planned using the information of the distance of each free cell to the goal. Experiments were carried out to confirm the efficiency of the new techniques employed. Simulations with the navigation of a e-puck robot using the Webots platform have shown promising results confirming that the model is able to plan smooth and short routes.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	0	Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Hardware and Architecture	autonomous robotics,bio-inspired computing,Cellular Automata,distance diffusion,path-planning
Collaborative Mission Planning for Long-Term Operation Considering Energy Limitations	2020	IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters	2016 IEEE.Mobile robotics research and deployment is highly challenged by energy limitations, particularly in marine robotics applications. This challenge can be addressed by autonomous transfer and sharing of energy in addition to effective mission planning. Specifically, it is possible to overcome energy limitations in robotic missions using an optimization approach that can generate trajectories for both working robots and mobile chargers while adapting to environmental changes. Such a method must simultaneously optimize all trajectories in the robotic network to be able to maximize overall system efficiency. This letter presents a Genetic Algorithm based approach that is capable of solving this problem at a variety of scales, both in terms of the size of the mission area and the number of robots. The algorithm is capable of re-planning during operation, allowing for the mission to adapt to changing conditions and disturbances. The proposed approach has been validated in multiple simulation scenarios. Field experiments using an autonomous underwater vehicle and a surface vehicle verify feasibility of the generated trajectories. The simulation and experimental validation show that the approach efficiently generates feasible trajectories to minimize energy use when operating multi-robot networks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	marine robotics,multi-robot systems,Planning,scheduling and coordination
Design of ADRC for Second-Order Mechanical Systems without Time-Derivatives in the Tracking Controller	2020	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	2020 AACC.In this article, the problem of designing Active Disturbance Rejection Control (ADRC) for a class of second-order mechanical systems, expressed with Euler-Lagrange equations, is studied. A specific and practically motivated case is considered here, namely trajectory tracking task without the use of signal time-derivatives in the tracking controller. A general solution is proposed showing how to synthesize and tune the observer and the controller parts of the ADRC scheme. A special Extended State Observer is used in the design and here it takes the form of a Generalized Proportional Integral Observer (GPIO), which uses a Taylor series approximation of the total disturbance. A set of experimental results, obtained using a two degree-of-freedom robotic manipulator, shows the effectiveness of the proposed governing scheme in terms of trajectory realization and disturbance rejection without the use of signal time-derivatives in the controller.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Anarchic manufacturing: Distributed control for product transition	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersManufacturers are poorly equipped to manage product transition scenarios, when moving from one product to another. Most tools consider a mature system, yet during transition and ramp up disturbances and inefficiency are common. The traditional methods, using centralised planning and control structures are too rigid and often resort to simple dispatch heuristics in this highly dynamic environment. Distributed systems have been proposed to leverage their self-organising and flexible traits to manage highly volatile and complex scenarios. Anarchic manufacturing, a free market based distributed planning and control system, delegates decision-making authority and autonomy to system elements at the lowest level; this system has previously been shown to manage job and flowshop style problems. The system has been adapted to use a dynamic batching mechanism, where jobs cooperate to benefit from economies of scale. The batch enables a direct economic viability assessment within the free market architecture, whether an individual machine should changeover production to another product type. This profitability assessment considers the overall system state and an agent's individual circumstance, which in turn reduces system myopia. Four experiments, including a real-world automotive case study, evaluate the anarchic manufacturing system against two centralised systems, using three different ramp-up curves. Although not always best performing against centralised systems, the anarchic manufacturing system is shown to manage transition scenarios effectively, displaying self-organising and flexible characteristics. The hierarchical system was shown to be impeded by its simplifying structure, as a result of structural rigidity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Distributed systems,Planning and control,Simulation
Image-based flight control of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for material handling in custom manufacturing	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersThis paper introduces an approach for and the challenges in employing unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for material handling in the emerging industrial custom manufacturing environments. Compared with conventional industrial robotic systems, UAVs offer enhanced flexibility for the design and on-the-fly variation of the pathways and workflow to optimally perform multiple tasks on demand, besides offering favorable cost and dimensional footprint factors. A fundamental challenge to the deployment of UAVs in manufacturing and other indoor industrial settings lies in ensuring the accuracy of a drone's localization and flight path. Earlier approaches based on using multiple sensors (e.g., GPS, IMU) to improve the localization accuracy of UAVs are considered ineffective in indoor environments. In fact, few investigations have tackled the issues arising due to the limited space and complicated components and moving entities, human presence in shop-floor environments. Towards addressing this challenge, a pose estimation method that employs just a single camera onboard with a UAV, together with multiple ArUco markers positioned strategically over the shop-floor is implemented to track the real-time location of a UAV. A Kalman filter is applied to mitigate noise effects for pose estimation. To assess the performance of this method, several experiments were carried out in Texas A&M University's manufacturing labs. The result suggests that Kalman filter can reduce the variance of pose estimation by 88.48 % compared to a conventional camera and marker-based motion tracking method (∼ 27 cm), and can localize (via averaging) the position to within 8 cm of the actual target location.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Custom manufacturing,Kalman filter,Material handling,Pose estimation,UAV
Path Optimum Algorithm for Container-Integrated Scheduling under Dynamic Mode in Port Terminals Worldwide	2020	Journal of Coastal Research	Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2020.Optimizing container-integrated scheduling under dynamic mode in container ports worldwide is important during the transition of container terminals from traditional to automated management, which includes their transformation and upgrade, and it is important for the improvement of yard efficiency. Given the approach sequence and departure sequence of containers, with the objective of minimizing the number of container relocations in the process of container location selection, this problem can be described as a nondeterministic polynomial hard (NP-hard) problem. In order to obtain practical and instructive conclusions, this paper investigates both the approach and the departure problems of containers. On this basis, the simultaneous approach and departure of containers a re considered in dynamic mode, and a path optimum algorithm (POA) of container-integrated scheduling is proposed. This algorithm considers the different influences of the priority of containers, the movement of obstructive containers, and the Manhattan distance of gantry cranes on the model; moreover, it sets the promotion of container yard overall efficiency as the ultimate goal and analyzes the operation process from a more practical standpoint, in line with real-life production. Finally, this paper proposes a generic strategy for container-integrated scheduling, which provides a theoretical basis for container port operators worldwide to allocate and optimize port resources, and provides concrete guidance for operation rules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Ecology,Water Science and Technology,Earth-Surface Processes	heuristic algorithms,Simultaneous operation
Model-based dependability analysis of fail-operational electric drivetrains	2020	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	2020 IEEE.Future automated vehicles such as robotaxis will have higher requirements on fail-operational system behavior because of the missing driver responsible for the safety of the vehicle and passengers. This leads to additional constraints on reliability and availability for the design of an electrical powertrain. On the other hand, new degrees of freedom for their operation arise at the component and system level due to redundancy used in fail-operational architectures. It is thus important to quantitatively evaluate the reliability of powertrain configurations in early design phases, and to assess their relation to equipment cost.This paper investigates requirements and challenges in designing and modeling fail-operational powertrain topologies. It presents a model-based approach to evaluate system reliability and availability of different electric drivetrains with respect to degradation of propulsion. For this, stochastic Petri nets are used as they offer considerable advantages in modeling complex dynamic discrete event systems compared to classic models such as fault trees or Markov chains. Various configurations as well as the respective system behavior can be modeled and evaluated in one generic net. The results show the influence of configuration parameters on reliability measures, which can be used in optimization of the overall design.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Software	Automated driving,Availability,Dependability,Drivetrain,Electric vehicle,Fail-operational,Petri net,Powertrain,Reliability
Measures of Structure and Operation of Automated Transit Networks	2020	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.Automated transit networks (ATN) are subject to intensive research. Many models of ATN systems have been analyzed and many features have been studied. However, most paper use a single benchmark, test selected features, and use author's own measures for the network itself and its operation. This paper presents several benchmarks of ATN systems and their characteristics being the subject of research. We show that general measures are rarely used to assess network size, its regularity, demand structure, and traffic parameters. We also show that scalar variables are not used for comparison, which makes them doubtful. We propose a set of measures for several of the most important features of ATN systems. They are generally based on scalars elaborated using square measures and entropy. Such a set of measures may be used to compare various benchmarks and their performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Computational and artificial intelligence-artificial intelligence-autonomous systems,intelligent transportation systems-transportation-public transportation,reliability-maintenance,robotics and automation-autonomous systems,systems engineering and theory-modeling-simulation-systems simulation,systems engineering and theory-system analysis and design-System performance
Robust h∞-fuzzy logic control for enhanced tracking performance of a wheeled mobile robot in the presence of uncertain nonlinear perturbations	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Motion control involving DC motors requires a closed-loop system with a suitable compensator if tracking performance with high precision is desired. In the case where structural model errors of the motors are more dominating than the effects from noise disturbances, accurate system modelling will be a considerable aid in synthesizing the compensator. The focus of this paper is on enhancing the tracking performance of a wheeled mobile robot (WMR), which is driven by two DC motors that are subject to model parametric uncertainties and uncertain deadzones. For the system at hand, the uncertain nonlinear perturbations are greatly induced by the time-varying power supply, followed by behaviour of motion and speed. In this work, the system is firstly modelled, where correlations between the model parameters and different input datasets as well as voltage supply are obtained via polynomial regressions. A robust H∞-fuzzy logic approach is then proposed to treat the issues due to the aforementioned perturbations. Via the proposed strategy, the H∞ controller and the fuzzy logic (FL) compensator work in tandem to ensure the control law is robust against the model uncertainties. The proposed technique was validated via several real-time experiments, which showed that the speed and path tracking performance can be considerably enhanced when compared with the results via the H∞ controller alone, and the H∞ with the FL compensator, but without the presence of the robust control law.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	2	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy logic,H∞,Nonlinear,Robust control,Uncertainties,Wheeled mobile robot
Automated Task Scheduling for Automotive Industry	2020	INES 2020 - IEEE 24th International Conference on Intelligent Engineering Systems, Proceedings	2020 IEEE.Nowadays, the automotive industry requires an increased use of intelligent systems to endure. In this paper, we present a new solution for automated task scheduling to help automotive industry in efficiently managing garage employees' time and improving the effectiveness of the servicing and maintenance tasks of vehicles. The developed approach consists in a set of interconnected web applications with a model-view-controller based-on architecture and expert-knowledge temporal logic rules to automate the assignment of the daily workload for engineers working on multiple workstations within an automotive company. The proposed intelligent system prioritises and selects tasks for these engineers; the scheduled tasks being automatically ordered and displayed accordingly on screens visible in the related garage workstations. This automated task scheduling system has been successfully deployed within Arnold Clark Automobiles Ltd Company, and the performance of this new application used by a group of engineers under real-world operational conditions have been assessed and analysed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Science Applications,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization	Expert Systems,Industry 4.0 and Smart factory,Intelligent Human-Machine Interaction,Intelligent Systems,Manufacturing-oriented Data Analytics
Deep belief network and linear perceptron based cognitive computing for collaborative robots	2020	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2020 Elsevier B.V.Objective: This paper is to analyze the performance of the control system of collaborative robots based on cognitive computing technology. Methods: This study combines cognitive computing and deep belief network algorithms with collaborative robots to construct a cognitive computing system model based on deep belief networks, which is applied to the control system of collaborative robots. Further, the simulation is used to compare and analyze the algorithm performance of deep belief network (DBN), multilayer perceptron (MLP) and the cognitive computing system model of deep belief network and linear perceptron (DBNLP) proposed in this study. Results: The results show that compared with the DBN and MLP algorithms, the DBNLP algorithm model has a significantly lower error rate in the number of repetitions of the training set, the number of hidden neurons, and the number of network layers. And the number of task backlog, the number of resources to be allocated and the time consumption are less, as well as the accuracy is high. After comparing and analyzing the changes in the estimated value of Ex (expected value), En (entropy value) and He (hyper entropy value), it is found that the estimated value of the DBNLP algorithm model is closer to the true value than that of the DBN and MLP algorithms. Conclusion: The application of the DBNLP algorithm model to collaborative robots can significantly improve its accuracy and safety, providing an experimental basis for the performance improvement of later collaborative robots.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Software	Cognitive computing,Collaborative robot,Deep belief network,Multilayer perceptron,Simulation
Greedy randomized adaptive search for dynamic flexible job-shop scheduling	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersDynamic flexible job shop scheduling problem is studied under the events such as new order arrivals, changes in due dates, machine breakdowns, order cancellations, and appearance of urgent orders. This paper presents a constructive algorithm which can solve FJSP and DFJSP with machine capacity constraints and sequence-dependent setup times, and employs greedy randomized adaptive search procedure (GRASP). Besides, Order Review Release (ORR) mechanism and order acceptance/rejection decisions are also incorporated into the proposed method in order to adjust capacity execution considering customer due date requirements. The lexicographic method is utilized to assess the objectives: schedule instability, makespan, mean tardiness and mean flow time. A group of experiments is also carried out in order to verify the suitability of the GRASP in solving the flexible job shop scheduling problem. Benchmark problems are formed for different problem scales with dynamic events. The event-driven rescheduling strategy is also compared with periodical rescheduling strategy. Results of the extensive computational experiment presents that proposed approach is very effective and can provide reasonable schedules under event-driven and periodic scheduling scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dynamic scheduling,Flexible job shop scheduling,GRASP,Rescheduling
Unmanned aerial vehicle routing problems: A literature review	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) routing is transitioning from an emerging topic to a growing research area as the 3D flexible utilization of airspace, promogulated by UAVs, is a potential game changer in solving the urban air mobility challenge by allowing to reshape transportation and logistics in the future. This has revealed a need to classify different types of research and examine the general characteristics of the research area. This research aims to assist in identifying the main topics and emerging research streams and provides a published overview of the current state and contributions to the area of the UAV routing problem (UAVRP) and a general categorization of the vehicle routing problem (VRP) followed by a UAVRP classification with a graphical taxonomy based on the analysis of UAVRP current status. To achieve this, an analysis of the existing research contributions promulgated in this domain is conducted. This analysis is used to identify the current state of UAVRP and the gaps related to the UAVs' flight dynamics and weather conditions, which significantly influence the fuel consumption of the UAV when modeling the UAVRP.	Journal	j	re	Review	Sri Lanka	0	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	UAV routing,UAV routing and scheduling,Unmanned aerial vehicles,Vehicle routing problem
New integration of preventive maintenance and production planning with cell formation and group scheduling for dynamic cellular manufacturing systems	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersThis paper proposes a new integration method for cell formation, group scheduling, production, and preventive maintenance (PM) planning problems in a dynamic cellular manufacturing system (CMS). The cell formation sub-problem aims to form part families and machine groups, which minimizes the inter-cell material handling, under-utilization, and relocation costs. The production planning aspect is a multi-item capacitated lot-sizing problem accompanied by sub-contracting decisions, while the group scheduling problem deals with the decisions on the sequential order of the parts and their corresponding completion times. The purpose of the maintenance sub-problem is to determine the availability of the system and the time when the noncyclical perfect PM must be implemented to reduce the number of corrective actions. Numerical examples are generated and solved by Bender's decomposition pack in GAMS to evaluate the interactions of the proposed model. Statistical analysis, based on a nonparametric method, is also used to study the behavior of the model's cost components in two different situations. It is shown that by adding the PM planning decisions to the tactical decisions of the dynamic CMS, the optimal configuration and production plans of the system are heavily affected. The results indicate that omitting the PM actions increases the number of sudden failures, which leads to a higher total cost. Finally, it is concluded that the boost in the total availability of the dynamic CMS is one of the main advantages of the proposed integrated method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Availability,Cellular manufacturing system,Group scheduling,Preventive maintenance,Production planning
A survey on decision-making based on system reliability in the context of Industry 4.0	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersThe business world is continually changing. Dynamic environments, full of uncertainties, complexities, and ambiguities, demand faster and more confident decisions. To compete in this environment, Industry 4.0 emerges as an essential alternative. In this context, the reliability of manufacturing is an essential aspect for companies to make successful decisions. In the literature, several technologies associated with Industry 4.0 have been applied to improve the availability of equipment, including the Internet of Things (IoT), Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), blockchain, and data mining. Nevertheless, there is still no survey study that seeks to show how reliability has collaborated to support decision-making in organizations, in the context of Industry 4.0. In general, most applications still focus on the productivity and health of individual equipment. However, in today's volatile and complex businesses, local decisions are no longer sufficient; it is necessary to analyze the organization entirely. Thus, being aware of the impacts that a local failure can impose on the entire company has significant weight in the decision-making process. In this context, this article presents a survey to identify how researches on systems reliability has contributed to and supported the development of decision-making in Industry 4.0. The main contribution of this article is to highlight how reliability can be used to support different types of strategic decisions in the context of Industry 4.0. Finally, it highlights the need for research associating management decisions with the technologies of Industry 4.0.	Journal	j	re	Review	Brazil	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Decision-making,Industry 4.0,Reliability,Systematic review,Types of integrations
An internet of energy framework with distributed energy resources, prosumers and small-scale virtual power plants: An overview	2020	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	2020 Elsevier LtdCurrent power networks and consumers are undergoing a fundamental shift in the way traditional energy systems were designed and managed. The bidirectional peer-to-peer (P–P) energy transactions pushed passive consumers to be prosumers. The future smart grid or the internet of energy (IoE) will facilitate the coordination of all types of prosumers to form virtual power plants (VPP). The paper aims to contribute to this growing area of research by accumulating and summarizing the significant ideas of the integration of distributed prosumers and small-scale VPP to the internet of energy (IoE). The study also reports the characteristics of IoE in comparison to the traditional grid and offers some valuable insights into the control, management and optimization strategies of prosumers, distributed energy resources (DERs) and VPP. As bidirectional P–P energy transaction by the prosumers is a crucial element of IoE, their management strategies including various demand-response approach at the customers’-levels are systematically summarized. The integration of DERs and prosumers to the VPP considering their functions, infrastructure, type, control objectives are also reviewed and summarized. Various optimization techniques and algorithm, and their objectives functions and the types of mathematical formulation that are used to manage the DERs and VPP are discussed and categorized systematically. Finally, the factors which affect the integration of DERs and prosumers to the VPP are identified.	Journal	j	re	Review	Australia	3	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment	Bidirectional energy transactions,Distributed energy resources,Energy management,Internet of energy,Optimization techniques,Prosumers,Virtual power plant
Research on Green Logistics Scheduling System of Textile Vehicle Automatic Guided Vehicle	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.With the rapid development of science and technology, China's modern manufacturing technology has developed and progressed rapidly, and the degree of automation of intelligent production workshops has gradually increased. Enterprises are facing huge challenges in path optimization and energy conservation and emission reduction. This paper mainly studies the problem of AGV green intelligent logistics scheduling in textile workshops. First, an AGV logistics scheduling optimization model with the goal of reducing AGV energy consumption and optimal AGV path is established, and then an improved genetic particle swarm optimization algorithm with task sequencing as the constraint is proposed. Take the actual scheduling data of a textile workshop as an example to verify the method in this paper. From the calculation results, the AGV logistics scheduling model proposed in this paper can better simulate the energy consumption problem of AGV green scheduling. The improved genetic particle swarm algorithm proposed has a better optimization ability and a faster speed in solving such problems. Speed of convergence.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Preliminary Study on Intrusion Prevention System of Small Aircraft Applied to Large Hydropower Station	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The operation of hydropower stations plays a very important role in improving the quality of power supply, reducing the cost of electricity, reducing environmental damage, protecting the ecological environment, and achieving sustainable economic development. The low-altitude aircraft defense system using for hydropower station is mainly for the control and control of low-altitude drones that enter important areas of the hydropower station. Low-altitude drones entering important areas of hydropower stations are closely monitored, tracked throughout, and electromagnetic strikes are automatically guided to achieve drone drove and forced landing.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Research on parallel inspection model and key technology of distribution transformer	2020	IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In this paper, a parallel inspection model based on pipeline and multitask is designed innovatively for the large-scale sampling inspection of distribution transformer before putting into operation. According to the characteristics of inspection resource sharing, the key technologies such as resource allocation and task scheduling are optimized, and the resource optimization allocation method and task parallel scheduling algorithm are proposed. Compared with the former, the optimized parallel inspection model improves the inspection efficiency and resource utilization to a large extent, and has important application value in the modern factoryinspection mode.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Environmental Science (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
Research on AGV Path Planning Method Based on Improved BAS Algorithm	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In order to improve the speed of AGV and the ability to adapt to the environment, this article proposes an AGV path planning method based on an improved search algorithm for beetle, which is explained from three aspects: environmental modeling, path planning, and dynamic obstacle avoidance. The simulation results of path planning are based on the bas algorithm. The grid method environment simulation shows that the method has strong path search ability and strong obstacle avoidance function. It can plan out more quickly than other algorithms in very complicated obstacle environment. An optimized path for safety avoidance is proposed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	AGV,Dynamic Obstacle Avoidance,Grid Method,Path Planning
Arduino Based RFID Vehicle Tracking for Home Security	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2020 IOP Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved.The development of security devices has been an important concern for everyone as most devices' usage are limited at certain places that require verification. Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) is used to transmit data via radio frequency (RF). The RFID technology is enabled as the main technology in various applications such as automated, collection of wireless data and contactless. Therefore, this study proposes simple design for tracking identifications using well known components like Arduino Uno that used IC Atmega 328p, sticker tag as an RFID tag and RFID ID-20LA. The RFID reader wirelessly communicates with the sticker tag to identify the code where each tag has its own identification number or code. The data from the sticker tag is then sent to Arduino board, which is basically used as a Microcontroller based board. The received data is collected by the Arduino microcontroller in order to compare with valid data that acts as a reader. The reader acts like a decoder where the encoded data in the tag's integrated circuit is decoded for processing computer host. LCD screen display is used to display the data while the buzzer sound will go off if the valid data is read.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Prioritization of Variables Affecting the Effectiveness of Material Handling System	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In today's competitive technology environment implementation of advanced manufacturing technologies and its systems like flexible manufacturing system (FMS) has become the necessity of manufacturing organizations. Selection of appropriate material handling equipment based on their variables which affect the effectiveness of material handling system has become the necessity requirement of FMS. Keeping this fact in view, the current paper focuses on identification of different variables like speed of delivery, available space, cost and throughput rate etc. which affects the effectiveness of material handling system and prioritization of these variables using TOPSIS approach. The results of present research will aid to select an effective material handling system for enhancing the required productivity of organisations in an effective manner.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Ontology-guided policy information extraction for healthcare fraud detection	2020	Studies in Health Technology and Informatics	2020 European Federation for Medical Informatics (EFMI) and IOS Press.Financial losses in Medicaid, from Fraud, Waste and Abuse (FWA), in the United States are estimated to be in the tens of billions of dollars each year. This results in escalating costs as well as limiting the funding available to worthy recipients of healthcare. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services mandate thorough auditing, in which policy investigators manually research and interpret the policy to validate the integrity of claims submitted by providers for reimbursement, a very time-consuming process. We propose a system that aims to interpret unstructured policy text to semi-automatically audit provider claims. Guided by a domain ontology, our system extracts entities and relations to build benefit rules that can be executed on top of claims to identify improper payments, and often in turn payment policy or claims adjudication system vulnerabilities. We validate the automatic knowledge extraction from policies based on ground truth created by domain experts. Lastly, we discuss how the system can co-reason with human investigators in order to increase thoroughness and consistency in the review of claims and policy, to identify providers that systematically violate policies and to help in prioritising investigations.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Biomedical Engineering,Health Informatics,Health Information Management	Claims auditing,Healthcare fraud,Ontology-based information extraction
Spinning workshop collaborative scheduling method based on simulated annealing genetic algorithm 基于模拟退火遗传算法的纺纱车间调度系统	2020	Fangzhi Xuebao/Journal of Textile Research	Copyright No content may be reproduced or abridged without authorization.In order to solve the multi-objective scheduling problem of automated guided vehicle(AGV) spinning workshop collaborative scheduling system, under the four constraints of technology, processing equipment resources, AGV resources, and batch processing, an AGV spinning workshop collaborative scheduling system model that meets the minimum completion time and maximizes equipment utilization was established. Then, based on the shortcomings of simulated annealing and genetic algorithm, such as low efficiency and easy to fall into local optimal solution, a spinning scheduling system based on simulated annealing genetic algorithm was proposed. The results show that when the number of cotton drums is 50, the scheduling scheme based on simulated annealing genetic algorithm is reduced by 1 162 s and 1 619 s respectively than the simulated annealing and genetic algorithm in the same environment. The utilization rate of equipment and AGV in the yarn workshop has also increased by nearly 12% and 11% respectively. This method has application value in improving the operation efficiency of the ring spinning workshop.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Materials Science (miscellaneous),Polymers and Plastics,Materials Chemistry	Automated guided vehicle,Collaborative scheduling,Multi-objective optimization,Simulated annealing genetic algorithm,Spinning workshop
Research on AGV Scheduling Optimization Based on Hungarian Algorithm	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Aiming at some problems in the mode of intelligent warehouse multi-selection and order outbound, this paper proposes to optimize the picking station assignment order task and order task assignment AGV in a "serial"or "parallel"manner to realize the synchronous scheduling of order tasks and AGV. The improved Hungarian algorithm is used to solve the optimal assignment solution. Simulation proves that this strategy can effectively improve the order picking efficiency and avoid buffer blockage, thereby improving the efficiency of the dispatching system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Design of A Laser-based Calibration instrument for Robot's Location Positioning on A Curved Surface	2020	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2020 ACM.The wall-climbing robots are used to implement their defect detection tasks under industrial contexts (e.g., tank, pipeline); however, they fail to accurately navigation due to slippage and deviation from the scheduled orbit. As a result, some significant defects have the potentials to be neglected. A prototype of a laser calibration instrument has been designed in this study to assist the navigation of wall-climbing robots. The instrument consists of three parts: 1) A laser emission system could emit a laser beam to the curved surface; 2) The automatic rotating motor unit could control and measure the rotation angle α of the laser beam; 3) The exoskeleton is a 3D printed plastic mold. All components are assembled into the exoskeleton as an entirety. An experiment tested the efficiency of the laser calibration instrument. Experiment results show that there is no difference between the theoretical and measured robotic locations, and both theoretical and measured robotic locations are not sensitive to the location change of the laser-based calibration instrument.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Curved Surface Navigation,Laser Navigation,Laser-based Calibration Instrument
Simulating Decentralized Platooning for Coordinated Conflict-Free Motion of Mobile Robot Fleets	2020	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	2020 ACM.Intersection platooning has been shown in several studies to provide higher throughput and hence greater productivity for material transfer using fleets of mobile robots, however questions remain about the behavior in a full range of traffic situations as no algorithm has been proven complete. As a result a lower throughput backup system is typically used in practice. A state of-the-art method for decentralized platooning based on an intersection controller has been implemented. A number of test cases are described to probe the performance limits. Furthermore, an outline of a fleet control system which uses only platooning for coordination is described. This will allow edge cases to be investigated in simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	Conflict-Free Motion,Intersection Platooning,Mobile Robot Fleet,Simulation
Internet of robotic things in smart domains: Applications and challenges	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.With the advent of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, Internet of Things (IoT) and robotic systems are closely cooperating, reshaping their relations and managing to develop new-generation devices. Such disruptive technology corresponds to the backbone of the so-called Industry 4.0. The integration of robotic agents and IoT leads to the concept of the Internet of Robotic Things, in which innovation in digital systems is drawing new possibilities in both industrial and research fields, covering several domains such as manufacturing, agriculture, health, surveillance, and education, to name but a few. In this manuscript, the state-of-the-art of IoRT applications is outlined, aiming to mark their impact on several research fields, and focusing on the main open challenges of the integration of robotic technologies into smart spaces. IoRT technologies and applications are also discussed to underline their influence in everyday life, inducing the need for more research into remote and automated applications.	Journal	j	re	Review	Italy	2	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agriculture,Cyber-physical systems,Education,Health-care,Industry 4.0,Internet of robotic things,Manufacturing,Remote working,Surveillance
Development of multi-sensor information fusion and AGV navigation system	2020	Proceedings of 2020 IEEE 4th Information Technology, Networking, Electronic and Automation Control Conference, ITNEC 2020	2020 IEEE.The homing truck-AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) is equipped with electromagnetic or optical automatic guiding device, such as Guided by the move to routes, which has the function of security protection and a variety of transfer truck, AGV belongs to the Wheeled Mobile Robot (WMR-Wheeled Mobile Robot) category [1]. In industrial applications, AGV is powered by battery and controls the driving route through computer, and completes the handling of goods through inertial navigation, magnetic navigation, electromagnetic navigation, lidar navigation, visual navigation and other navigation methods. On the basis of summarizing the previous research results, this paper briefly reviews the overall research status, points out the research problems encountered in the current exploration and the future research trend, in order to provide reference for further research in this field.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV,Inertial navigation,Laser navigation,Multisensor information fusion
Design and implementation of automatic guided vehicle for hospital application	2020	Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Communication and Electronics Systems, ICCES 2020	2020 IEEE.With the advancements of robotic technologies, the medical environments are adopting more and more aspects of automation to enhance the services in hospitals. In pandemic conditions such as COVID 19, direct contact with patients may result in the spreading of disease. Hence the health community finds difficulty in distributing medicines and disposal of waste. The design and development of an automatic guided vehicle for hospital applications, which can be controlled remotely is specified here. AGV is a line follower robot, powered by a battery that can be charged from solar energy. It has infrared sensors at the bottom for path identification and an ultrasonic sensor heldin front of the vehicle for obstacle detection. It collects medicines from the nurse's station and follows the path provided to reach the supply point, which is the patient's bed. The sensors provided will detect the bed and opens the corresponding box of medicine. In addition to this, it helps in real-time monitoring of patient's parameters such as temperature, pulse rate, etc. and sends information to the doctor through the internet. AGV also collects waste from the bin and dump it to a proper place.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Instrumentation	Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV),COVID 19,Drugs,Hospital,Monitoring,Waste
Efficient task prioritisation for autonomous transport systems	2020	Proceedings - European Council for Modelling and Simulation, ECMS	ECMS Mike Steglich, Christian Mueller, Gaby Neumann, Mathias Walther.The efficient distribution of scarce resources has been a challenge in many different fields of research. This paper focuses on the area of operations research, more specifically, Automated Guided Vehicles intended for pick-up and delivery tasks. In time delivery in general and flexibility in particular are important KPIs for such systems. In order to meet in time requirements and maximising flexibility, three prioritisation methods embedded in a task allocation system for autonomous transport vehicles are introduced. A case study within the BMW Group aims to evaluate all three methods by means of simulation. The simulation results have revealed differences between the three methods regarding the quality of their solutions as well as their calculation performance. Here, the Flexible Prioritisation Window was found to be superior.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Modeling and Simulation	Automated guided vehicle,Autonomous automated guided vehicle,Pick-up and delivery,Prioritisation,Self-driving vehicle,Task allocation
Energy shaping control for wireless power transfer system in automatic guided vehicles	2020	Energies	2020 by the authors.This paper proposes an energy shaping controller of a DC/DC converter for automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) wireless power transfer (WPT). A transformer is inserted after the LCC topology to improve the transfer power, and the DC/DC boost converter is added before this topology to obtain desired systematic power dynamically. The system power transfer model is derived based on the idea of voltage transformation and the desired power can be implemented indirectly through regulating desired output voltage of DC/DC converter. With the proposed controller, this WPT system will have a much better dynamic performance and the effective working time can be increased significantly. Furthermore, this paper proposes dynamical regulation strategy for output power to get real time target power according to the charging curve of the battery. Simulation and experimental results verified the control performance of the proposed control scheme. A WPT prototype with power up to 1.65 kW was built, and 92.12% efficiency from DC power source to battery load is achieved, which is 4% higher than that obtained by the conventional PID method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles (AGVs),DC/DC converter,Energy shaping control,Wireless power transfer (WPT)
A model for ground transportation systems simulation at airports under centralized control	2020	Proceedings - European Council for Modelling and Simulation, ECMS	ECMS Mike Steglich, Christian Mueller, Gaby Neumann, Mathias Walther (Editors).This paper formulates requirements for a simulation model designed to study the movement of all types of vehicles in the ground space of the aerodrome on condition that a centralized control system provides continuous automatic control of their movement and sends commands of control to prevent dangerous situations. Examples of object movement models in 2D space are considered. The advantages of using a grid-based space for analyzing the interaction of objects are shown. It is concluded that commercial packages of processes modeling with discrete events or packages of transport flows modeling do not provide the conditions for implementing all the formulated requirements to the model. There are formulated principles of building models that can be implemented using universal programming languages. An example of developing a test model using the VBA language in MS Excel is described.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Latvia	0	Modeling and Simulation	Airport,Centralized Control,Ground Transportation System,Simulation
Reverse vending machine for managing plastic waste	2020	International Journal of Systems Assurance Engineering and Management	2020, The Society for Reliability Engineering, Quality and Operations Management (SREQOM), India and The Division of Operation and Maintenance, Lulea University of Technology, Sweden.Managing plastic waste is an important point of concern these days. The aim of this paper is to present the concept of reverse vending machine which is proposed to serve as a solution to the problem of pollution caused due to plastic items especially plastic bottles, which are commonly used for storing cold drink, fruit juices etc. The concept of reverse vending machine is an approach towards green engineering technology. The reverse vending machine is an integration of sensorics, LabVIEW programming along with data acquisition and pneumatics technology. This machine is a low-cost automatic machine, which crushes the plastic bottle to a reduced size, thereby, requiring less storage space for final disposal. The crushed plastic bottle consumes less energy, when it undergoes recycling process. The present article also focuses on the concept of cash-from-trash, where recycled plastic can be used to produce useful products and help in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and pollution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Strategy and Management	Automated guided vehicle,Industrial pneumatics,LabVIEW,Plastic pollution,Reverse vending machine,Waste management
Impact of Short Blocklength Coding on Stability of an AGV Control System in Industry 4.0	2020	2020 IEEE International Conference on Communications Workshops, ICC Workshops 2020 - Proceedings	2020 IEEE.With the advent of 5G and beyond, using wireless communication for closed-loop control and automation processes is one of the main aspects of the envisioned Industry 4.0. In this regard, a major challenge is to ensure a robust and stable control system over an unreliable wireless channel. One of the main use-cases in this context is Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) control in a future factory. Specifically, we consider a system where an AGV controller is placed in an edge cloud in the factory network infrastructure and the control commands are sent over a time-correlated Rayleigh fading channel. In an industrial control, short packets are exchanged between the controller and the actuator. Therefore, in this case, Shannon's assumption for an infinite block length is not applicable. The objective is to analyse the stability performance of an AGV control system in a Finite Block-Length (FBL) regime. We evaluate the coding rate required to maintain a stable edge cloud based AGV system. The results illustrate that adapting the control parameters can lower the stringent requirements on the coding rate. It reveals that a constant stability performance can be achieved even at higher coding rate by increasing the AGV's velocity. Moreover, this paper also determines the maximum number of AGVs that can be served seamlessly over the available communication resources while maintaining a stable control system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	None
Highly-scalable traffic management of autonomous industrial transportation systems	2020	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2019 Elsevier LtdIn this paper, we present a novel method for highly-scalable coordination of free-ranging automated guided vehicles in industrial logistics and manufacturing scenarios. The primary aim of this method is to enhance the current industrial state-of-the-art multi-vehicle transportation systems, which, despite their long presence on the factory floor and significant advances over the last decades, still rely on a centralized controller and predetermined network of paths. In order to eliminate the major drawbacks of such systems, including poor scalability, low flexibility, and the presence of a single point of failure, in the proposed control approach vehicles autonomously execute their assigned pick-up and delivery operations by running a fully decentralized control algorithm. The algorithm integrates path planning and motion coordination capabilities and relies on a two-layer control architecture with topological workspace representation on the top layer and state-lattice representation on the bottom layer. Each vehicle plans its own shortest feasible path toward the assigned goal location and resolves conflict situations with other vehicles as they arise along the way. The motion coordination strategy relies on the private-zone mechanism ensuring reliable collision avoidance, and local negotiations within the limited communication radius ensuring high scalability as the number of vehicles in the fleet increases. We present experimental validation results obtained on a system comprising six Pioneer 3DX robots in four different scenarios and simulation results with up to fifty vehicles. We also analyze the overall quality of the proposed traffic management method and compare its performance to other state-of-the-art multi-vehicle coordination approaches.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Croatia	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Autonomous warehousing,Decentralized control,Motion coordination,Multi-robot systems,Path planning
A solution for optimizing the integration of AGV systems in enterprises which are using ERP systems	2020	HORA 2020 - 2nd International Congress on Human-Computer Interaction, Optimization and Robotic Applications, Proceedings	2020 IEEE.This paper discusses the problem of communication between two common types of systems-resource planning and automated transport control. There still are no strict standards for data exchange between them. The configuration of automated transport systems is an overly complex and specific process that cannot be performed by non-specialists in the field. The aim of this paper is to present an architecture that integrates the two types of systems, and to establish a basic standard for communication and interaction.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Bulgaria	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Optimization	AGV,ERP,software integration,TCS
Development of a Cyber-Physical System for an Autonomous Indoor Transportation Service	2020	2020 9th Mediterranean Conference on Embedded Computing, MECO 2020	2020 IEEE.One of the key features of industry 4.0 is the automation and optimization of transportation tasks. Especially autonomous guided vehicles meet the required high flexibility of future enterprises. In this paper, a concept of an autonomous indoor post service is proposed. The whole cyber-physical system from the autonomous vehicle, which is equipped with a Lidar sensor and programmed, using a real world automotive framework, over the secure communication design, to the dynamic time-critical decision and routing optimization is explained.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Instrumentation	None
Decentralized motion control for omnidirectional wheelchair tracking error elimination using pd-fuzzy-p and ga-pid controllers	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The last decade observed a significant research effort directed towards maneuverability and safety of mobile robots such as smart wheelchairs. The conventional electric wheelchair can be equipped with motorized omnidirectional wheels and several sensors serving as inputs for the controller to achieve smooth, safe, and reliable maneuverability. This work uses the decentralized algorithm to control the motion of omnidirectional wheelchairs. In the body frame of the omnidirectional wheeled wheelchair there are three separated independent components of motion including rotational motion, horizontal motion, and vertical motion, which can be controlled separately. So, each component can have its different sub-controller with a minimum tracking error. The present work aims to enhance the mobility of wheelchair users by utilizing an application to control the motion of their attained/unattained smart wheelchairs, especially in narrow places and at hard detours such as 90˚ corners and U-turns, which improves the quality of life of disabled users by facilitating their wheelchairs’ maneuverability. Two approaches of artificial intelligent-based controllers (PD-Fuzzy-P and GA-PID controllers) are designed to optimally enhance the maneuverability of the system. MATLAB software is used to simulate the system and calculate the Mean Error (ME) and Mean Square Error (MSE) for various scenarios in both approaches, the results showed that the PD-Fuzzy-P controller has a faster convergence in trajectory tracking than the GA-PID controller. Therefore, the proposed system can find its application in many areas including transporting locomotor-based disabled individuals and geriatric people as well as automated guided vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Jordan	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	GA-Optimized PID,Mmnidirectional wheels,Mobile Robot,PD-Fuzzy,Wheelchair
Autonomous mobile robot technology for supplying assembly lines in the automotive industry	2020	Acta Logistica	2020, 4S go, s.r.o. All rights reserved.The ever-increasing customization and differentiation of the product portfolio and the shorter life cycle of products and technologies in the automotive industry lead to the development of flexible and convertible manufacturing and logistics technologies and systems at all stages of car production. In the field of supplying assembly lines in the automotive industry, such technologies are based on Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs). The aim of this paper is to create a comprehensive knowledge base for design, selection and implementation of AMR technology in the form of unit load carriers for supplying assembly line in the automotive industry. The outputs of the article are based on a case study aimed at assessing the feasibility of introducing AMR technology for supplying car assembly line parts with irregular consumption. The article presents a general procedure for feasibility study of the project of AMR assembly line supply and a comprehensive set of recommendations divided into five key categories: Technology, Management, Economics, Capacity, and Vendors.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	0	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assembly line supply,Automated guided vehicle,Automotive industry,Autonomous mobile robot,Material handling
Simulation-based evaluation of reservation mechanisms for the time window routing method	2020	Proceedings - European Council for Modelling and Simulation, ECMS	ECMS Mike Steglich, Christian Mueller, Gaby Neumann, Mathias Walther.Automated warehouses operated by a fleet of robots offer great flexibility, since fleet size can be adjusted easily to throughput requirements. Furthermore, they provide higher redundancy compared to common solutions for automated storage and retrieval systems. On the other hand, these systems require more complex control strategies to run robustly and efficiently. Special routing and deadlock handling strategies are necessary to avoid blocking and collisions among the robots. In this contribution, we focus on the time window routing method, an approach for avoiding deadlocks by reserving routes in advance. We present and discuss different reservation mechanisms that are evaluated by the means of simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Modeling and Simulation	Automated warehouses,Discrete event simulation,Mobile robots,Time window routing method
Design of SCADA System for Stainless Steel Pipe Production Line	2020	Proceedings of 2020 IEEE 5th Information Technology and Mechatronics Engineering Conference, ITOEC 2020	2020 IEEE.In view of the insufficient informationization of the stainless steel pipe production line., such as the inability to collect the machine tool's processing data in real time, the inaccurate production information feedback, and the insufficient monitoring of the equipment status, a SCADA (Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition) system is designed to effectively control and monitor the entire stainless steel pipe production line to achieve the information construction of the factory. Siemens S7-1500 series PLC is used as the lower computer of this system, and communicates with the upper computer software through Siemens S7 protocol. The SCADA system is developed in C# language, and its functions include equipment status monitoring, production process monitoring, production statistical analysis and electronic board display. The SCADA system can realize the automation of data collection, data processing and data analysis, which improves the production efficiency and management level of the production line.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Optimization,Health Informatics,Transportation	data collection,electronic board,PLC,S7 protocol,SCADA
Handling and pushing objects using unmanned guided vehicles	2020	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2019 Elsevier LtdThis paper aims handling box-shape objects combining mapping, searching, and path planning techniques. The proposal enables a mobile robot to push objects autonomously from random positions to a final destination. Laser scanner data are used to build up a 2D map, which aids the objects’ identification in the scene. Next, a topological map is created and Bézier curves provide suitable paths taking into account the position of the robot, objects and final destination. Then, Dijkstra's algorithm finds the optimal route. Finally, simulations are run in V-REP + Matlab, and real experiments validate the proposal, which demonstrates quite efficient for environments without occlusion of the objects to be transported.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Bézier curves,Dijkstra's algorithm,Laser scanner data,Path planning
Design and performance analysis of robot shuttle system	2020	Proceedings - International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Electromechanical Automation, AIEA 2020	2020 IEEE.Improving storage capacity and operational efficiency for material handling system has attracted much research interest, especially in light of the booming development of E-commerce. This paper presents a robot shuttle system (RSS), featured by picking autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) transporting storage bins in batch to material handlers, which has higher storage capacity and operational efficiency. An open queueing network model is developed to describe the RSS and estimate system performance in terms of throughput capacity and order cycle time. Then, we investigate the influence of the number of storage boxes that the robot can carry on the system performance through numerical experiments, and find an appropriate balance between robot and picker operation proficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Education	Automation,E-commerce,Material handling,Queueing,RSS
Nonblocking Supervisory Control of State-Tree Structures with Conditional-Preemption Matrices	2020	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics	2005-2012 IEEE.State-tree structure (STS) is a powerful tool for the modeling and control of large-scale discrete-event systems (DES) whose structure is organized in a top-down hierarchy. The notorious state-explosion problem can be managed effectively in the framework of STS. Priority is an important concept and exists in a wide range of DES, such as manufacturing systems, traffic systems, and logistic (service) systems. In this article, a conditional-preemption matrix is used to describe the preemption relations among events, which can represent the priority intuitively. In order to augment STS with priority, we propose a novel STS framework: STS with conditional-preemption matrices (STSM), which aims to solve different kinds of issues related to priority. The optimal nonblocking supervisory control is deployed in the framework of STSM. Symbolic synthesis algorithms are implemented and integrated in a software tool, STSLib, which exploits binary decision diagrams as a basis for efficient computation. The developed approach is demonstrated by (a) manufacturing systems using automatic guided vehicles and (b) real-time systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Discrete-event system (DES),optimal supervisor,priority,state-tree structure (STS),symbolic computation
Path following predictive control for mobile robots with input constraints 具有输入约束的移动机器人路径跟踪预测控制	2020	Gaojishu Tongxin/Chinese High Technology Letters	2020, Executive Office of the Journal. All right reserved.This paper studies the predictive control based path following problem for mobile robots to deal with the problem that the set speed of mobile robot does not match the actual speed. Firstly, based on the kinematics of mobile robot, the path following error model is established, and the parameterization method and update equation of the expected path are given. Secondly, by defining the prediction performance cost related to the path parameters, the quadratic programming optimization problem with inequality constraints is obtained by using the prediction model vector description. Furthermore, the active set quadratic programming method is used to solve the optimization problem with inequality constraints to obtain the optimal control input. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is analyzed by simulation example, and the experimental platform of the mobile robot path following control system is designed to verify the practical significance of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Active set method,Mobile robot,Path following,Predictive control
Integrated Scheduling of Machines and AGVs in Green Job Shop 绿色作业车间机器与AGV的集成调度研究	2020	Nanjing Hangkong Hangtian Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics	2020, Editorial Department of Transactions of NUAA. All right reserved.Aiming at the green job shop scheduling problem under the integration of processing resources and transportation resources, a multi-objective optimization model based on the integrated scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicle(AGV) is established by studying the comprehensive energy consumption in production workshop. An improved estimation of distribution algorithm (IEDA) is proposed to solve the problem. First, excellent individuals are generated as sample learning to construct the probability distribution model for improving the global search ability of IEDA. Then, inspired by the hormone regulation mechanism, a new speed cooling control method is designed in simulated annealing algorithm to improve the local search ability of IEDA. Finally, numerical experiments are conducted and the results show the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed model and algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Aerospace Engineering	Comprehensive energy consumption,Estimation of distribution algorithm,Green job shop,Integrated scheduling
Autonomous forklift vehicle with object recognition and obstacle detection	2020	Journal of Green Engineering	2020 Alpha Publishers. All rights reserved.A powered industrial truck which is used to lift and move materials over short distances are called forklift.In general, a forklift is a vehicle, that is operated manually (by an operator) to pick up and drop off the desired object in a shop floor. In the proposed system, we aim to automate the process thereby reducing man power and monotonicity in the job. This can help reduce errors while picking up and dropping off of the desired object. The main aim is to incorporate automation by means of an external controller and monitoring through a camera in order to decide which object is to be picked up and dropped off at what point of time. In conventional use, the desired object can be traced using barcodes, QR codes and RFID tags. For the purpose of cost effectiveness and reduced complexity we are using coloured boxes and camera for our working prototype. The forklift would be programmed in such a way so as to lift the required object based on its colour. In addition to this we have introduced obstacle detection also to minimise or even completely avoid accidents that prevail in the shop floor. On detecting an obstacle on the path, the forklift will stop immediately and giving warning to the operator to remove the obstacle. Once the obstacle is removed in the path, the forklift will continue to move on its path.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Environmental Engineering	Barcodes,Camera,Colour box,Forklift,QR codes,RFID tags
AGV global path planning integrating with the control of multi-objectives and speed 融合多目标与速度控制的AGV全局路径规划	2020	Kongzhi yu Juece/Control and Decision	2020, Editorial Office of Control and Decision. All right reserved.To improve the efficiency of atuo mated guided vehicle (AGV) and its executive capability to avoid obstacles, a global path planning method, that is, the method of controlling multiple objectives and speed, in both static and dynamic environments is proposed. In static environment, a multi-objective mathematical model for path planning is established based on the shortest path and maximum smoothness. The proposed improved algorithm is adopted for solution and selection, and the travelling path for AGV is obtained. In dynamic environment, according to the movement of the moving obstacles, the induction steering algorithm is raised, which makes the AGV avoid obstacles properly. On the basis of steering features in both static and dynamic environments, the rule of controlling AGV speed is assumed and applied in the process of sheering in both kinds of environment, to ensure that the AGV can run more steadily and smoothly with a high speed. According to the simulation experiment, the proposed method can guarantee that the AGV can avoid obstacles in a free way in both static and dynamic environments, and thus, both its speed and efficiency are improved. While compared with the conventional algorithm, the improved algorithm has a significant improvement in terms of time and accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	Induction steering algorithm,Multi-objective,Path planning,Speed control
Intelligent Scheduling Method of Port Vehicles Based on Probability Information	2020	Journal of Coastal Research	Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2020.Jia, Q. and Liu, C., 2020. Intelligent scheduling method of port vehicles based on probability information. In:Yang, Y.; Mi, C.; Zhao, L., and Lam, S. (eds.), Global Topics and New Trends in Coastal Research: Port, Coastal and Ocean Engineering. Journal of Coastal Research, Special Issue No. 103, pp. 726-729. Coconut Creek (Florida), ISSN 0749-0208. The current port vehicle scheduling method cannot monitor the cargo information in real time, and cannot guarantee the lowest transportation time and cost. Therefore, a new intelligent scheduling method for port vehicles based on probability information is proposed. The hardware configuration and deployment scheme are introduced to provide support for real-time vehicle scheduling. On this basis, the paper analyzes the working process of vehicle transportation and the main forms and ways to realize reasonable transportation, establishes the intelligent scheduling model of port vehicles with the goal of the shortest total transportation time and the lowest total scheduling cost, and solves the model by Tabu search method. The experimental results show that the overall transportation time and cost of the proposed method are lower than those of other methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Ecology,Water Science and Technology,Earth-Surface Processes	intelligence,port vehicle,Probability information,road,scheduling
Polar code performance with Doppler shifts and reflections in Rayleigh fading for Industrial channels	2020	2020 31st Irish Signals and Systems Conference, ISSC 2020	2020 IEEE.Industry 4.0 has created a strong pull for wireless communications. Industrial applications have tight communication constraints putting them in the class of Ultra Reliable, Low Latency Communication (URLLC). Polar codes have recently become a primary contender for satisfying URLLC requirements. Their performance is heavily dependent on the channel state and with industrial environments presenting extreme conditions with highly dynamic radio channels, obtaining high reliability from polar codes is challenging. Pilot Assisted Transmission allows channel estimation and can improve the reliability of polar codes in fading channels. However a detailed analysis of the impact of the channel dynamics and PAT scheme on the polar code performance is not available. This paper models the industrial radio channel as a Rayleigh channel affected by Doppler shift and delay spread. We evaluate the channel estimation and Bit Error Rate improvements that can be achieved using PAT with variable pilot interval. We detail the behaviour of polar codes subjected to Doppler shift and delay spread. Finally, we investigate the trade-off between reliability and maximum achievable data rate based on PAT interval and code rate. The existence of a trade-off indicates scope for optimization of PAT parameters depending on channel conditions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ireland	0	Artificial Intelligence,Information Systems,Signal Processing	None
Performance of private LTE on the factory floor	2020	2020 IEEE International Conference on Communications Workshops, ICC Workshops 2020 - Proceedings	2020 IEEE.With the rising desire for flexibility on the factory floor as well as the interest in wireless technologies in factory automation increasing special focus falls on private cellular networks. To this end, this paper examines the performance of a fully private LTE network installation in an automotive factory while production is ongoing. The used devices are industry grade and are mobile during the measurements. We assess the statistical significance of these measurements and are able to show their high statistical significance. In addition, future challenges for the evaluation of wireless and cellular networks in such settings are pointed out. A comparison of the requirements from possible future factory use cases with the performance of the examined network illustrates that many use cases originally proposed for 5G are already feasible with a private LTE network.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Control and Optimization	5G,Automation,Campus,Industry,Latency,Private network,Reliability,Statistical analysis,Use case
Deep learning-based localization and perception systems: Approaches for autonomous cargo transportation vehicles in large-scale, semiclosed environments	2020	IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine	1994-2011 IEEE.Vehicles capable of delivering heavy cargoes are a major means for the promotion of social productivity and are widely applied in industry. Even though self-driving technologies have been studied for a few decades and several successful applications have been demonstrated, autonomous industry vehicles are currently applied only in some specific scenarios with very low speed and fixed routes and are typically implemented in the indoor closed area of small-scale warehouses. In this article, we introduce the main perception and localization approaches of autonomous cargo transportation vehicles for industrial applications. We also demonstrate how these technologies can enable autonomous cargo transportation in the Hong Kong International Airport.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Attenuation of receiver ghosts in variable-depth streamer high-resolution seismic reflection data	2020	Marine Geophysical Research	2020, The Author(s).Receiver ghosts attenuate marine seismic reflection data at harmonic frequencies that depend on the propagation angle and the streamer depth below the sea surface. The resulting loss of bandwidth is one of the major factors hampering seismic resolution. In near-surface and legacy multi-channel data, receivers depth is often unknown and may vary significantly both along the streamer length and during the survey, making frequency–slowness deghosting techniques unsuitable. In this work, we present a method for the attenuation of receiver ghost reflections in data with an arbitrary streamer depth profile varying during the survey. For each trace, a different deghosting operator is estimated and applied at different two-way-time windows, in order to account for depth-dependent changes in reflection angles. The ghost null frequencies are picked on the time-varying power spectrum via an automatic algorithm, guided by a user-dependent a priori function, and optimised to respect the harmonics’ periodicity. The power of the inverse filter is adjusted by adaptively damping abnormal amplitudes in the deghosted spectra. The algorithm is applied to high-resolution (GI-gun, 20–400 Hz) and ultra-high-resolution (Sparker, 0.2–3.0 kHz) multi-channel datasets, yielding an excellent bandwidth recovery and gain in resolution in the final stacks. Limited computing time and straightforward application make the method widely applicable and cost-effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Oceanography,Geophysics,Geochemistry and Petrology	High-resolution geophysics,Inverse problems,Seismic reflection data,Seismic resolution,Signal processing
Impact of automated driving systems on road freight transport and electrified propulsion of heavy vehicles	2020	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2020 The AuthorsThe technological barriers to automated driving systems (ADS) are being quickly overcome to deploy on–road vehicles that do not require a human driver on–board. ADS have opened up possibilities to improve mobility, productivity, logistics planning, and energy consumption. However, further enhancements in productivity and energy consumption are required to reach CO2–reduction goals, owing to increased demands on transportation. In particular, in the freight sector, incorporation of automation with electrification can meet necessities of sustainable transport. However, the profitability of battery electric heavy vehicles (BEHVs) remains a concern. This study found that ADS led to profitability of BEHVs, which remained profitable for increased travel ranges by a factor of four compared to that of BEHVs driven by humans. Up to 20% reduction in the total cost of ownership of BEHVs equipped with ADS could be achieved by optimizing the electric propulsion system along with the infrastructure for a given transportation task. In that case, the optimized propulsion system might not be similar to that of a BEHV with a human driver. To obtain the results, the total cost of ownership was minimized numerically for 3072 different transportation scenarios that showed the effects of travel distance, road hilliness, average reference speed, and vehicle size on the incorporated electrification and automation, and compared to that of conventional combustion–powered heavy vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	2	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Automated driving systems,Electrified propulsion,Electromobility,Heavy vehicles,Transportation
An event-driven agent-based simulation model for industrial processes	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.Process manufacturing industries are complex and dynamic systems composed of several processes, subject to many operations and unexpected events that can compromise overall system performance. Therefore, the use of technologies and methods that can transform traditional process industries into smart factories is necessary. In this paper, a smart industrial process based on intelligent software agents is presented with the aim of providing a technological solution to the specific needs of the process industry. An event-driven agent-based simulation model composed of eight reactive agents was designed to simulate and control the operations of a generic industrial process. The agents were modeled using the actor approach and the communication mechanism was based on the publish-subscribe paradigm. The overall system was tested in different scenarios, such as faults, changing operating conditions and off-spec productions. The proposed agent-based simulation model proved to be very efficient in promptly reacting to different dynamic scenarios and in suitably handling different situations. Furthermore, the usability and the practicality of the proposed software tool facilitate its deployment and customization to different production chains, and provide a practical example of the use of multi-agent systems and artificial intelligence in the context of industry 4.0.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Agent-based simulation,Event-driven approach,Industry 4.0,Multi-agent systems,Process industry,Smart factory,Web application
Gaussian mixture noised random fractals with adversarial learning for automated creation of visual objects	2020	Fractals	2020 World Scientific Publishing Company.Because of the self-similarity properties of nature, fractals are widely adopted as generators of natural object multimedia contents. Unfortunately, fractals are difficult to control due to their iterated function systems, and traditional researches on fractal generating visual objects focus on mathematical manipulations. In Generative Adversarial Nets (GANs), visual object generators can be automatically guided by a single image. In this work, we explore the problem of guiding fractal generators with GAN. We assume that the same category of fractal patterns is produced by a group of parameters of initial patterns, affine transformations and random noises. Connections between these fractal parameters and visual objects are modeled by a Gaussian mixture model (GMM). Generator trainings are performed as gradients on GMM instead of fractals, so that evaluation numbers of iterated function systems are minimized. The proposed model requires no mathematical expertise from the user because parameters are trained by automatic procedures of GMM and GAN. Experiments include one 2D demonstration and three 3D real-world applications, where high-resolution visual objects are generated, and a user study shows the effectiveness of artificial intelligence guidances on fractals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Geometry and Topology,Applied Mathematics	Gaussian Mixture Models,Generative Adversarial Nets,Random Fractal
Intelligent 4D CT sequence scanning (i4DCT): First scanner prototype implementation and phantom measurements of automated breathing signal-guided 4D CT	2020	Medical Physics	2020 The Authors. Medical Physics published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American Association of Physicists in Medicine.Purpose: Four-dimensional (4D) computed tomography (CT) imaging is an essential part of current 4D radiotherapy treatment planning workflows, but clinical 4D CT images are often affected by artifacts. The artifacts are mainly caused by breathing irregularity during data acquisition, which leads to projection data coverage issues for currently available commercial 4D CT protocols. It was proposed to improve projection data coverage by online respiratory signal analysis and signal-guided CT tube control, but related work was always theoretical and presented as pure in silico studies. The present work demonstrates a first CT prototype implementation along with respective phantom measurements for the recently introduced intelligent 4D CT (i4DCT) sequence scanning concept (https://doi.org/10.1002/mp.13632). Methods: Intelligent 4D CT was implemented on the Siemens SOMATOM go platform. Four-dimensional CT measurements were performed using the CIRS motion phantom. Motion curves were programmed to systematically vary from regular to very irregular, covering typical irregular patterns that are known to result in image artifacts using standard 4D CT imaging protocols. Corresponding measurements were performed using i4DCT and routine spiral 4D CT with similar imaging parameters (e.g., mAs setting and gantry rotation time, retrospective ten-phase reconstruction) to allow for a direct comparison of the image data. Results: Following technological implementation of i4DCT on the clinical CT scanner platform, 4D CT motion artifacts were significantly reduced for all investigated levels of breathing irregularity when compared to routine spiral 4D CT scanning. Conclusions: The present study confirms feasibility of fully automated respiratory signal-guided 4D CT scanning by means of a first implementation of i4DCT on a CT scanner. The measurements thereby support the conclusions of respective in silico studies and demonstrate that respiratory signal-guided 4D CT (here: i4DCT) is ready for integration into clinical CT scanners.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Biophysics,Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging	4D CT,motion artifacts,radiotherapy
Performance evaluation of a carousel configured multiple products flexible manufacturing system using Petri net	2020	Operations Management Research	2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This study presents a schematic approach to model, simulate and analyze the overall performance of an FMS, comprising a carousel layout surrounded by manufacturing and assembly cells capable to deliver a variety of multiple products. All manufacturing and assembly cells are consisting of multiple multifunctional production and assembly machines, served by material loading and unloading robots, connected through a material transporting conveyor. Inter-cellular and intra-cellular routing flexibility are employed in the system through production resources operational and breakdown modes. Colored Petri net tools are used to develop a compact, editable and deadlock-free flexible manufacturing system model reveals important information about dynamic behavior and system performance measures e.g.; throughput, mean cycle time, and work-in-process (WIP) with reference to material handling and supply system, production resources reliability and process execution input variables. Variation in input factors namely mean machining and assembly time, material loading and unloading time, number of operations between failure, repair time, parts inter-arrival time, conveyor speed and buffer capacity have shown a substantial effect on the system performance. The results indicate successful applicability of colored Petri net tools for modelling, simulation, and evaluation of carousel configured multiple products flexible manufacturing system. Further, the optimal solution represents a deep relationship between the different production modes and responses to maximize the performance of a carousel configured multiple products FMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Pakistan	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Colored Petri net,Flexible manufacturing system,Multiple products,Optimization,Performance evaluation,Resource breakdowns,Routing flexibility
A Novel Approach to Separate Geometric Error of the Rotary Axis of Multi-axis Machine Tool Using Laser Tracker	2020	International Journal of Precision Engineering and Manufacturing	2020, Korean Society for Precision Engineering.It is highly desirable to enhance machining accuracy for multi-axis machine tool, in which the geometric accuracy of rotary axis is a main contributing factor. Thus, how to achieve the fast and accurate identification of each geometric error of rotary axis, as well as its correction and compensation has become a key issue. This paper presents a novel method of geometric error separation of the rotary axis by means of laser tracker. For this method, the direction variation of the vectors composed by some adjacent measuring points during the rotation of turntable is measured, and rotary axis’s six geometric errors including three linear displacement and three angular displacement errors can be accurately identified on the basis of the mapping relationship between the vector’s direction variation and each geometric error. Meanwhile, the multi-station and time-sharing measurement is adopted based on GPS principle, aiming to overcome the effect of angle measurement error using laser tracker. Eventually, the geometric error separation mathematical model on rotary axis with this novel method is established, and the corresponding measurement algorithms containing the base station calibration and the measuring point determination based on the hybrid genetic algorithm, as well as each geometric error separation algorithm are deduced respectively. Furthermore, the numerical simulations are conducted to examine the validity of the derived algorithms. Results of the comparative experiment demonstrate that high-efficiency and high-precision measurement for the geometric error of the rotary axis can be accomplished by the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Error identification,Laser tracker,Measurement algorithm,Rotary axis
Assembly reliability modelling technology using function decomposing and LSSVM	2020	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	2020, DAAAM International Vienna. All rights reserved.Assembly reliability is an important part of product quality, which greatly affects the reliability level of whole machine. Because of the limitations of FMEA and FTA, they are not suitable for assembly reliability of complex mechanical equipment. A new functional decomposition method for whole machine (FDWM) is proposed for assembly reliability modelling in this paper. Firstly, by decomposing the whole machine into function and connection function of main components, the success tree model for whole machine (STWM) can be established. Secondly, a hybrid method by combining modified grey relation and least squares support vector machine (MGR-LSSVM) is proposed to improve the accuracy of STWM model. Lastly, the proposed method is applied to the assembly reliability analysis for feed mixer. The results show that the FDWM method is feasible for assembly reliability modelling, and the MGR-LSSVM method has a higher accuracy, and is efficient for the reliability analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Assembly reliability,LSSVM,Modified grey relation,Reliability modelling,STWM model
Human Gait Tracking for Normal People and Walker Users Using a 2D LiDAR	2020	IEEE Sensors Journal	2001-2012 IEEE.This paper proposes a human gait tracking method using a low scanning rate (10Hz) 360 degree 2D LiDAR. The sensor is placed at a height of 0.3m above the ground. Since the human gait tracking is important not only for normal people but also for patients who need to use walking-aid such as walker, we propose a tracking method for both normal people and walker users. The left and right legs are separated and tracked even with nonlinear walking path. To overcome the occlusions between legs when one leg might be hidden from the sensor, a spline-based smooth and interpolation method is applied to estimate the legs trajectories. An algorithm is also proposed to remove the walker legs data in case of walker users. The performance of proposed tracking method is investigated in different walking speed levels and two positions of LiDAR (parallel and horizontal to walking direction). The experimental results verify the robustness of our proposed method. The horizontal position of LiDAR gives better estimation than the parallel position. The RMSE is less than 2.0cm for walking step length estimation and is less than 1.4cm for walking distance estimation. The tracking range of our system is up to 10m with horizontal placement of LiDAR.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	2D LiDAR,Human gait tracking,laser scanner sensor,spline-based interpolation,walker
Introduction of a real time location system to enhance the warehouse safety and operational efficiency	2020	International Journal of Production Economics	2019 Elsevier B.V.As a real time location system (RTLS) can provide positioning and tracking of forklifts and other mobile entities in a warehouse, the integration of RTLS into a data system has a significant potential to enhance safety and improve efficiency. The objective of this research is to demonstrate how RTLS technology can be leveraged to enhance the warehouse safety and operational efficiency via a real warehouse case study. The research is implemented using a novel three-phase framework to introduce the RTLS technology in the warehouse. The first phase evaluates available RTLS technologies. Market research has been conducted to compare different RTLS technologies, and the outcome of this phase suggests that the ultra-wide band (UWB) is the best technology for indoor positioning and tracking in the warehouse with respect to several metrics. The second phase is the technology implementation, which aims to integrate RTLS with other existing warehouse operation systems, i.e., the warehouse management system (WMS) and the forklift fleet management system (FFMS). In this phase, light is shed on current challenges and proposed solutions of RTLS data accuracy and synchronization. The final phase is post-implementation, in which several methods and data visualization tools are proposed to tackle safety and operational issues. A real warehouse in the US has been used as a case study to evaluate the proposed framework. In particular, the following analyses have been conducted using the actual RTLS data: (1) harshness in braking, (2) compliance to routing policies, (3) driver patterns in intersections, (4) congestion identification and prevention, (5) speed per zone, (6) impact analysis, and (7) faults analysis. The results suggest that the proposed framework has a great potential to advance the current warehouse solutions one step forward to realize smart warehouse operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Data analytics,Industry 4.0,Real-time location system,Ultra-wide band,Warehouse management system
End-to-end automated guided modular vehicle	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.Autonomous Vehicles (AVs) have caught people's attention in recent years, not only from an academic or developmental viewpoint but also because of the wide range of applications that these vehicles may entail, such as intelligent mobility and logistics, as well as for industrial purposes, among others. The open literature contains a variety of works related to the subject. They employ a diversity of techniques ranging from probabilistic to ones based on Artificial Intelligence. The increase in computing capacity, well known to many, has opened plentiful opportunities for the algorithmic processing needed by these applications, making way for the development of autonomous navigation, in many cases with astounding results. The following paper presents a low-cost but high-performance minimal sensor open architecture implemented in a modular vehicle. It was developed in a short period of time, surpassing many of the currently available solutions found in the literature. Diverse experiments were carried out in the controlled and circumscribed environment of an autonomous circuit that demonstrates the efficiency of the applicability of the developed solution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	2	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automated guided vehicle,Autonomous vehicle,Deep learning,End-to-end learning,Intelligent transportation systems,Self-driving cars
A medium/long-term auction-based coalition-forming model for a virtual power plant based on stochastic programming	2020	International Journal of Electrical Power and Energy Systems	2019 Elsevier LtdThis paper presents a methodology based on auction theory to form a virtual power plant (VPP) coalition of heterogeneous distributed energy resources (DERs). Moreover, in this procedure, the competition between VPPs for attracting DERs is considered. In this model, the VPP has the ability to participate in the day-ahead energy market, become involved in the future energy market and sign bilateral contracts in a medium or long-term time horizon. Also, the ability of arbitrage between different markets is considered for the VPP. Moreover, the risk of energy trading is taken into account with the risk measure method, conditional value at risk. Due to the uncertain nature of pool prices, a stochastic programming approach consist of two stages is developed for modeling the decision-making problem. In the first stage, the VPP participates in an auction and signs the renting capacity contracts with DERs based on auction results. The future market contracts are signed in this stage as well. In the next stage, the decisions regarding bilateral contracts, pool participation, and DERs planning will be made. Also, the uncertainty of the quantity and the price of bilateral contracts are considered. The efficiency of the model is analyzed in a few case studies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Auction,conditional value at risk (CVaR),Stochastic programming,Virtual power plant,Virtual power plant coalition forming
Amoeba-inspired combinatorial optimization machines	2020	Japanese Journal of Applied Physics	2020 The Japan Society of Applied Physics.Domain-specific computing architectures are expected to enable the development of new technologies after the saturation of the performance growth concerning conventional general-purpose computers. One such approach is to develop a combinatorial optimization machine (COM), which enables searching for an approximately optimal solution across a vast number of candidates more rapidly than conventional computers. To achieve the rapidity and optimality of the search, a COM exploits physical processes in specific hardware, exhibiting parallelism and stochasticity. This paper summarizes a unique biologically inspired approach to perform combinatorial optimization, which we have been investigated for over a decade. We first performed a series of biological experiments to evaluate the problem-solving ability of a single-celled amoeba that changes its shape into an optimal one by maximizing its body area for foraging and by minimizing the risk of being exposed to aversive light stimuli. Mathematically modeling the shape-changing dynamics of the amoeba, we formulated two algorithms for solving the traveling salesman problem (TSP) and Boolean satisfiability problem (SAT), named "AmoebaTSP" and "AmoebaSAT," respectively. AmoebaTSP and AmoebaSAT were implemented using analog and/or digital electronic circuits, to maximize their rapid search performance, by exploiting the parallel and stochastic nature of the circuits. We demonstrated that these COMs, called "electronic amoebae" are advantageous in diverse applications, as they can easily handle arbitrary problem instances of TSP and SAT without any costly preprocessing for problem mapping and their dynamics stabilize only at legal solutions that satisfy all given constraints. As electronic amoebae can be composed of conventional complementary metal-oxide semiconductor devices, they are highly scalable, energy-efficient, and suitable for both cloud-and edge computing applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Engineering (all),Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Green hybrid fleets using electric vehicles: Solving the heterogeneous vehicle routing problem with multiple driving ranges and loading capacities	2020	SORT	2020 Institut d'Estadistica de Catalunya. All rights reserved.The introduction of Electric Vehicles (EVs) in modern fleets facilitates green road transportation. However, the driving ranges of EVs are limited by the duration of their batteries, which arise new operational challenges. Hybrid fleets of gas and EVs might be heterogeneous both in loading capacities as well as in driving-rangecapabilities, which makes the design of efficient routing plans a difficult task. In this paper, we propose a new Multi-Round Iterated Greedy (MRIG) metaheuristic to solve the Heterogeneous Vehicle Routing Problem with Multiple Driving ranges and loading capacities (HeVRPMD). MRIG uses a successive approximations method to offer the decision maker a set of alternativefleet configurations, with different distance-based costs and green levels. The numerical experiments show that MRIG is able to outperform previous works dealing with the homogeneous version of the problem, which assumes the same loading capacity for all vehicles in the fleet. The numerical experiments also confirm that the proposed MRIG approach extends previous works by solving a more realistic HeVRPMD and provides the decision-maker with fleets with higher green levels.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	2	Statistics and Probability,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Management Science and Operations Research	Electric Vehicles,Heterogeneous Fleet,Iterated Greedy heuristic,Multiple Driving Ranges,Successive Approximations Method,Vehicle Routing Problem
Security issues in Industry 4.0	2020	2020 International Wireless Communications and Mobile Computing, IWCMC 2020	2020 IEEE.New technologies, used in industry 4.0, have paved a way for a massive deployment of Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS). Today, we assist to new smart factory services and scenarios such as smart production, smart maintenance, smart logistic, etc. The security is one of the challenges that face the new industrial environment. Indeed, smart factory applications present many vulnerabilities that have been investigated in the literature. In this paper, we identify the IIoT applications and we present a state of the art of security issues in the industry 4.0.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	1	Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Computer Networks and Communications	Attacks,CPS,ICS,IIoT,IIoT Applications,Industry 4.0,Security issues
Order picker routing in warehouses: A systematic literature review	2020	International Journal of Production Economics	2019 Elsevier B.V.Order picking has often been described as one of the most labor- and time-consuming internal logistics processes. In manual picker-to-parts order picking systems, order pickers often spend a significant amount of time on travelling through the warehouse to reach storage positions where required items are stored. To reduce the cost of order picking, researchers have developed various optimal and heuristic routing policies in the past. This paper presents the results of a systematic review of research on order picker routing. First, it identifies order picker routing policies in a systematic search of the literature and then develops a conceptual framework for categorizing the various policies. Order picker routing policies identified during the literature search are then descriptively analyzed and discussed in light of the developed framework. The paper also derives insights into the frequencies of usage of the different routing policies available in the literature and applies a citation analysis to identify seminal works that shaped the literature on order picker routing. The paper concludes with an outlook on future research opportunities.	Journal	j	re	Review	Germany	8	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Order picker routing,Order picking,Routing policy,Systematic literature review,Warehousing
Petri transport networks	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This paper presents a new class of Petri nets - Petri transport networks, used to simulate the transport's systems. This class can be attributed to hierarchical temporal colored probabilistic Petri nets. The paper gives a definition, basic concepts, structure and functioning rules of Petri transport networks. The relevance of the topic raised in the article is due to increasing attention to the development of transport systems, their evolution and modernization. Modern management methods, various mechanisms for regulating traffic flows, infrastructural extensions, all this does not meet the challenges posed by modern transport infrastructure. Moreover, the problem is increasing every year. Petri transport networks introduced in the work, are a convenient tool ohms to simulate the transport's systems of any complexity and scale. A new class of Petri transport networks is characterized by a hierarchical structure, in which the first level displays the entire system as a whole, the second - the internal structure of each object. Distinctive features are also the adjustment of the activation of traffic flows by means of a control marker, inter-level synchronization, separation of positions and transitions to types having different functions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Design of Product Monitoring System Using Internet of Things Technology for Smart Manufacturing	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The application system in the industrial era 4.0 is currently growing rapidly. One of them is the implementation of smart manufacturing in the industrial sector. In smart manufacturing, production processes can be monitored automatically and real time, starting from material selection, then the production process to the planned product. In this study discussed the design of a monitoring system on smart manufacturing based on internet of things technology. Smart technology is implemented on material scans automatically based on color sensors, then from the material it will also be known that with these materials produce certain products and require any material. In addition, the system will also automatically detect through the initial material to find out which processes will be passed. The methods used include literature studies, system requirements analysis, system design and system testing. The results of this study are in the form of a hardware system design and display of production process monitoring system applications. In the system that is made also a notification is displayed if a bottle neck occurs in the production process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	1	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
The autonomous navigation and obstacle avoidance for USVs with ANOA deep reinforcement learning method	2020	Knowledge-Based Systems	2020 Elsevier B.V.The unmanned surface vehicle (USV) has been widely used to accomplish missions in the sea or dangerous marine areas for ships with sailors, which greatly expands protective capability and detection range. When USVs perform various missions in sophisticated marine environment, autonomous navigation and obstacle avoidance will be necessary and essential. However, there are few effective navigation methods with real-time path planning and obstacle avoidance in dynamic environment. With tailored design of state and action spaces and a dueling deep Q-network, a deep reinforcement learning method ANOA (Autonomous Navigation and Obstacle Avoidance) is proposed for the autonomous navigation and obstacle avoidance of USVs. Experimental results demonstrate that ANOA outperforms deep Q-network (DQN) and Deep Sarsa in the efficiency of exploration and the speed of convergence not only in static environment but also in dynamic environment. Furthermore, the ANOA is integrated with the real control model of a USV moving in surge, sway and yaw and it achieves a higher success rate than Recast navigation method in dynamic environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Management Information Systems,Software,Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous navigation,Obstacle avoidance,Reinforcement learning,Unmanned surface vehicle (USV)
A survey of energy-efficient motion planning for wheeled mobile robots	2020	Industrial Robot	2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: As wheeled mobile robots find increasing use in outdoor applications, it becomes more important to reduce energy consumption to perform more missions efficiently with limit energy supply. The purpose of this paper is to survey the current state-of-the-art on energy-efficient motion planning (EEMP) for wheeled mobile robots. Design/methodology/approach: The use of wheeled mobile robots has been increased to replace humans in performing risky missions in outdoor applications, and the requirement of motion planning with efficient energy consumption is necessary. This study analyses a lot of motion planning technologies in terms of energy efficiency for wheeled mobile robots from 2000 to present. The dynamic constraints play a key role in EEMP problem, which derive the power model related to energy consumption. The surveyed approaches differ in the used steering mechanisms for wheeled mobile robots, in assumptions on the structure of the environment and in computational requirements. The comparison among different EEMP methods is proposed in optimal, computation time and completeness. Findings: According to lots of literature in EEMP problem, the research results can be roughly divided into online real-time optimization and offline optimization. The energy consumption is considered during online real-time optimization, which is computationally expensive and time-consuming. The energy consumption model is used to evaluate the candidate motions offline and to obtain the optimal energy consumption motion. Sometimes, this optimization method may cause local minimal problem and even fail to track. Therefore, integrating the energy consumption model into the online motion planning will be the research trend of EEMP problem, and more comprehensive approach to EEMP problem is presented. Research limitations/implications: EEMP is closely related to robot’s dynamic constraints. This paper mainly surveyed in EEMP problem for differential steered, Ackermann-steered, skid-steered and omni-directional steered robots. Other steering mechanisms of wheeled mobile robots are not discussed in this study. Practical implications: The survey of performance of various EEMP serves as a reference for robots with different steering mechanisms using in special scenarios. Originality/value: This paper analyses a lot of motion planning technologies in terms of energy efficiency for wheeled mobile robots from 2000 to present.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dynamic model,EEMP,Environment model,Kinematic model,Power model
Development of a solution for adding a collaborative robot to an industrial AGV	2020	Industrial Robot	2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: The Industry 4.0 initiative – with its ultimate objective of revolutionizing the supply-chain – putted more emphasis on smart and autonomous systems, creating new opportunities to add flexibility and agility to automatic manufacturing systems. These systems are designed to free people from monotonous and repetitive tasks, enabling them to concentrate in knowledge-based jobs. One of these repetitive functions is the order-picking task which consists of collecting parts from storage (warehouse) and distributing them among the ordering stations. An order-picking system can also pick finished parts from working stations to take them to the warehouse. The purpose of this paper is to present a simplified model of a robotic order-picking system, i.e. a mobile manipulator composed by an automated guided vehicle (AGV), a collaborative robot (cobot) and a robotic hand. Design/methodology/approach: Details about its implementation are also presented. The AGV is needed to safely navigate inside the factory infrastructure, namely, between the warehouse and the working stations located in the shop-floor or elsewhere. For that purpose, an ActiveONE AGV, from Active Space Automation, was selected. The collaborative robot manipulator is used to move parts from/into the mobile platform (feeding the working stations and removing parts for the warehouse). A cobot from Kassow Robots was selected (model KR 810), kindly supplied by partner companies Roboplan (Portugal) and Kassow Robotics (Denmark). An Arduino MKR1000 board was also used to interconnect the user interface, the AGV and the collaborative robot. The graphical user interface was developed in C# using the Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 IDE, taking advantage of this experience in this type of language and programming environment. Findings: The resulting prototype was fully demonstrated in the partner company warehouse (Active Space Automation) and constitutes a possible order-picking solution, which is ready to be integrated into advanced solutions for the factories of the future. Originality/value: A solution to fully automate the order-picking task at an industrial shop-floor was presented and fully demonstrated. The objective was to design a system that could be easy to use, to adapt to different applications and that could be a basic infrastructure for advanced order-picking systems. The system proved to work very well, executing all the features required for an order-picking system working in an Industry 4.0 scenario where humans and machines must act as co-workers. Although all the system design objectives were accomplished, there are still opportunities to improve and add features to the presented solution. In terms of improvements, a different robotic hand will be used in the final setup, depending on the type of objects that are being required to move. The amount of equipment that is located on-board of the AGV can be significantly reduced, freeing space and lowering the weight that the AGV carries. For example, the controlling computer can be substituted by a single-board-computer without any advantage. Also, the cobot should be equipped with a wrist camera to identify objects and landmark. This would allow the cobot to fully identify the position and orientation of the objects to pick and drop. The wrist camera should also use bin-picking software to fully identify the shape of the objects to pick and also their relative position (if they are randomly located in a box, for example). These features are easy to add to the developed mobile manipulator, as there are a few vision systems in the market (some that integrate with the selected cobot) that can be easily integrated in the solution. Finally, this paper reports a development effort that neglected, for practical reasons, all issues related with certification, safety, training, etc. A future follow-up paper, reporting a practical use-case implementation, will properly address those practical and operational issues.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Arduino,Automated guided vehicles (AGV),C#,Cooperative robots,Flexible manufacturing,Gripper,Industry 4.0,Man machine interface (MMI),Mobile robots,Order-picking,Robotics
Synthesis of self-reconfigurable manufacturing systems in engineering	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	2020 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.The scientific problem of the synthesis of reconfigurable manufacturing systems is considered. Reconfigurable manufacturing systems are an integral part of self-reconfigurable factories in engineering. Self-reconfigurable plants operate on the basis of flexible and advanced lines equipped with RMS. A scheme is proposed for decomposing the requirements of the technical specifications for the design of self-reconfigurable plants in order to determine the particular requirements for individual components of the plant's infrastructure. An algorithm for designing a different class of reconfigurable manufacturing systems is proposed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
An evolutionary framework for automatic and guided discovery of algorithms	2020	17th ACM International Conference on Computing Frontiers 2020, CF 2020 - Proceedings	2020 Owner/Author.This paper presents Automatic Algorithm Discoverer (AAD), an evolutionary framework for synthesizing programs of high complexity. To guide evolution, prior evolutionary algorithms have depended on fitness (objective) functions that are often challenging to design. To make evolutionary progress, instead, AAD employs Problem Guided Evolution (PGE), which requires introduction of a group of problems. Solutions discovered for simpler problems are used to solve more complex problems in the group. PGE also enables new evolutionary strategies. The above enable AAD to discover algorithms of similar or higher complexity relative to the state-of-the-art. Specifically, AAD produces Python code for 29 array/vector problems ranging from min, max, reverse, to more challenging problems like sorting and matrix-vector multiplication.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software	evolution,Python,synthesis
Efficiency Problem of renewable energetics systems in the context of Â«smart houseÂ» concept	2020	E3S Web of Conferences	The Authors, published by EDP Sciences. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License 4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).Considering the question of efficiency of alternative energy systems, producing electricity from the position of interests of households it acquires an unexpected sound. The efficiency can be low (about 7-10%) providing that the heat released in converting is targeted i.e also used on the needs of households. In such an approach low efficiency becomes acceptable since the most part of energy usage in households is spent on systems using the heat (hot water supply etc.) even in the summer period. It is shown that converting of energy providing targeted heat dissipation can be provided by the phenomenon of generation of electromotive force by flowing of the low-speed, low-molecular salt current trough the polymeric sewed net; relevant experimental results are presented. Basing on the analysis of low-molecular ions currents balance by flowing of solution through the gel, the theory of the phenomenon is proposed. It is shown that the described phenomenon and based on its energy converting systems can be considered as an example illustrating the perspectivity of the new paradigm of green energetics development. Given paradigm is based on principles of technical and humanitarian knowledge convergence and is completely consistent with the conclusion that the environment-friendly technologies development is a technical and social issue at one time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Kazakhstan	2	Environmental Science (all),Energy (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
Multi-objective and energy consumption control of AGV routing planning in unmanned warehouse 融合多目标与能耗控制的无人仓库内AGV路径规划	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To reduce the energy consumption, improve the working efficiency of Automated Guided Vehicle(AGV) and promote the high-efficiency operation of the unmanned warehouses, a two-stage global routing planning method was proposed. In the primary stage, a multi-objective function model targeting to acquire the shortest and smoothest routing was established. By adopting the improved quantum particle swarm optimization algorithm, a feasible path which conformed to the constraint and features discontinuous curvature was obtained. In the second stage, according to the Bezier curve and the smoothness constraint, the initial path fitting correction obtained in the first stage was obtained, and a geometric continuous path with small speed variation and low energy consumption was obtained. The simulation results showed that the routing presented by two-stage planning method could improve the efficiency of AGV and decrease the energy consumption. While compared with the conventional algorithm, the improved algorithm had a significant improvement in terms of time and accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Bezier curve,Energy consumption,Multi-objective,Routing planning,Unmanned warehouse
Flow-shop predictive modeling for multi-automated guided vehicles scheduling in smart spinning cyber–physical production systems	2020	Electronics (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Pointed at a problem that leads to the high complexity of the production management tasks in the multi-stage spinning industry, mixed flow batch production is often the case in response to a customer’s personalized demands. Manual handling cans have a large number of tasks, and there is a long turnover period in their semi-finished products. A novel heuristic research was conducted that considered mixed-flow shop scheduling problems with automated guided vehicle (AGV) distribution and path planning to prevent conflict and deadlock by optimizing distribution efficiency and improving the automation degree of can distribution in a draw-out workshop. In this paper, a cross-region shared resource pool and an inter-regional independent resource pool, two AGV predictive scheduling strategies are established for the ring-spinning combing process. Besides completion time, AGV utilization rate and unit AGV time also analyzed with the bottleneck process of the production line. The results of the optimal computational experiment prove that a draw frame equipped with multi-AGV and coordinated scheduling optimization will significantly improve the efficiency of can distribution. Flow-shop predictive modeling for multi-AGV resources is scarce in the literature, even though this modeling also produces, for each AGV, a control mode and, if essential, a preventive maintenance plan.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cyber,Mixed flow-shop,Multi-AGV predictive modeling,Physical production system,Smart spinning
Comparative Simulation Study for Configuring Turning Point in Multiple Robot Path Planning: Robust Data Envelopment Analysis	2020	Robotica	Cambridge University Press 2019.SUMMARY This paper concerns with comparing simulation studies for a newly developed concept of turning point to be used in multiple robot path planning. Different critical factors and design parameters are collected and statistical analyses are performed. After configuring different simulation scenarios, the efficient one is evaluated using a robust data envelopment analysis (RDEA). Due to uncertain aspects of various simulations scenarios, robust version of data envelopment analysis is proposed. Here, major criteria in robot path planning are deadlock and conflict avoidance, throughput, mean flow time, and effective total distance travelled. To determine the effective experiment for the proposed simulation model, RDEA is used. A comparative study with respect to different experiments having various simulation setting is developed. The results for a real robotic manufacturing cell system show effectiveness of the proposed process. Also, the efficient simulation software is determined by multiaspect analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Path planning,Robot,Simulation,Turning point
Modeling and design of container terminal operations	2020	Operations Research	2020 INFORMS.The design of container terminal operations is complex because multiple factors affect operational performance. These factors include numerous choices for handling technology, terminal topology, and design parameters and stochastic interactions between the quayside, stackside, and vehicle transport processes. In this research, we propose new integrated queuing network models for rapid design evaluation of container terminals with automated lift vehicles and automated guided vehicles. These models offer the flexibility to analyze alternate design variations and develop insights. For instance, the effect of different vehicle dwell point policies is analyzed using state-dependent queues, whereas the efficient terminal layout is determined using variation in the service time expressions at the stations. We show the relation among the dwell point-dependent waiting times and also show their asymptotic equivalence at heavy traffic conditions. These models form the building blocks for design and analysis of large-scale terminal operations. We test the model efficacy using detailed in-house simulation experiments and real-terminal validation by partnering with an external party.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	1	Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Container terminal,Design decisions,Intraterminal transport,Queuing models
Adaptive Sliding Mode Based Disturbance Attenuation Tracking Control for Wheeled Mobile Robots	2020	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2019, ICROS, KIEE and Springer.This paper is devoted to investigating a composite controller for wheeled mobile robots in the presence of external disturbance and parametric uncertainty. Unlike the traditional backstepping technique existing the impractical velocity jumps, the proposed neural dynamic model has the ability to generate smooth continuous signals. Subsequently, a disturbance observer based adaptive sliding mode dynamic controller is introduced to estimate disturbances online, adjust control gain automatically and eliminate chattering phenomena completely. Under the developed control law, the ultimate boundedness of all signals is guaranteed and the tracking errors can be arbitrarily small in finite time. Simulation results are carried out to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Adaptive sliding mode control,disturbance observer,neural dynamic model,wheeled mobile robot
Ground Texture Based Localization Using Compact Binary Descriptors	2020	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2020 IEEE.Ground texture based localization is a promising approach to achieve high-accuracy positioning of vehicles. We present a self-contained method that can be used for global localization as well as for subsequent local localization updates, i.e. it allows a robot to localize without any knowledge of its current whereabouts, but it can also take advantage of a prior pose estimate to reduce computation time significantly. Our method is based on a novel matching strategy, which we call identity matching, that is based on compact binary feature descriptors. Identity matching treats pairs of features as matches only if their descriptors are identical. While other methods for global localization are faster to compute, our method reaches higher localization success rates, and can switch to local localization after the initial localization.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Generating Locomotion with Effective Wheel Radius Manipulation	2020	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2020 IEEE.Travel over sloped terrain is difficult as an incline changes the interaction between each wheel and the ground resulting in an unbalanced load distribution which can lead to loss of traction and instability. This paper presents a novel approach to generating wheel rotation for primary locomotion by only changing its centre of rotation, or as a complimentary locomotion source to increase versatility of a plain centre hub drive. This is done using linear actuators within a wheel to control the position of the centre hub and induce a moment on the wheel from gravity. In doing so our platform allows for active ride height selection and individual wheel pose control. We present the system with calculations outlining the theoretical properties and perform experiments to validate the concept under loading via multiple gaits to show motion on slopes, and sustained motion over extended distance. We envision applications in conjunction to assist current motor drives and increasing slope traversability by allowing body pose and centre of gravity manipulation, or as a primary locomotion system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A work-time optimal parallel exhaustive search algorithm for the QUBO and the ising model, with GPU implementation	2020	Proceedings - 2020 IEEE 34th International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium Workshops, IPDPSW 2020	2020 IEEE.The main contribution of this paper is to present a simple exhaustive search algorithm for the quadratic un-constraint binary optimization (QUBO) problem. It computes the values of the objective function E(X) for all n-bit input vector X in O(2n) time. Since Ω(2n) time is necessary to output E(X) for all 2n vectors X, this sequential algorithm is optimal. We also present a work-time optimal parallel algorithm running O(log n) time using 2n/log n processors on the CREW-PRAM. This parallel algorithm is work optimal, because the total number of computational operations is equal to the running time of the optimal sequential algorithm. Also, it is time optimal because any parallel algorithm using any large number of processors takes at least Ω(log n) time for evaluating E(X). Further, we have implemented this parallel algorithm to run on the GPU. The experimental results on NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080Ti GPU show that our GPU implementation runs more than 1000 times faster than the sequential algorithm running on Intel Corei7-8700K CPU(3.70GHz) for the QUBO with n-bit vector whenever n≥q33. We also compare our exhaustive search parallel algorithm with several non-exhaustive search approaches for solving the QUBO including D-Wave 2000Q quantum annealer, simulated annealing algorithm, and Gurobi optimizer.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Hardware and Architecture,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Control and Optimization	Combinatorial optimization,GPGPU,Ising model,Quantum computing,QUBO
Analysis of Polylactic Acid Conductive Filament's Properties	2020	Proceedings of the International Spring Seminar on Electronics Technology	2020 IEEE.The main goal of this article is to evaluate the electrical properties of one of the commercially available electrically conductive filament printed by a 3D printer. These properties are verified for Proto-pasta PLA. For experimental purposes, the samples with three widths were printed, while the height stayed constant. At the same time, the effect of the number of layers was experimentally evaluated. The number of layers is determined by the increment of the printhead';s z-axis shift for each step of the print. Samples were printed by the Prusa i2 MK2S 3D printer. The evaluation parameter is a resistivity. The resistivity of the material is determined by applying a four-wire method, which eliminates the influence of feed wires on the measurement results. Measurements will be evaluated for a statistically significant number of samples.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	None
Waste furniture recycling vehicle routing optimization based on tabu search algorithm 基于禁忌搜索算法的废弃家具回收车辆路径优化	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To reduce the recycling cost of discarded furniture in small and medium-sized furniture manufacturing enterprises, considering the characteristics of furniture products in transportation, a two-objective mathematical model with the shortest total driving distance and the minimum number of vehicles was constructed, and an improved two-stage contraindication was designed. The search algorithm solved Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) path including all customers in the first stage, which served as the basis for the second stage to divide Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) path. A new tabu table was constructed with both "neighbor operator" and "neighbor exchange point pair" as tabu objects, and the multi-domain structure used was tested. The results showed that the optimization effect of combination of point reverse order operator and point exchange operator was better than other combinations. The comparison of literature further showed the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Neighborhood operator,Tabu search algorithm,Two-stage,Vehicle routing problem,Waste furniture recycling
Robust path control for an autonomous ground vehicle in rough terrain	2020	Control Engineering Practice	2020 Elsevier LtdTypically, it is not trivial for an autonomous ground vehicle (AGV) to navigate in rough terrain due to lots of unexpectable uncertainties. Because the performance of the autonomous navigation can be degraded by the uncertainties, the AGV requires a robust control system against them. To handle the necessity, this study proposes the robust path controller by utilizing a disturbance observer (DOB)-based control method. The proposed controller is developed by two steps: the first step is to design a controller for handling a nominal system of the AGV, and the other is to add the DOB to the nominal controller. Then, the determined control input is distributed into tire forces because the tire forces are final resource enabling the AGV to move. The tire force distribution is defined as an optimization problem with some constraints, and the solution is obtained by the CVXGEN. Finally, numerical simulations and field tests with a skid-type ground vehicle, developed by the authors’ laboratory, are conducted to validate the performance of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous ground vehicle,Disturbance observer,Optimal tire force distribution,Robust control
Linear Time-Varying MPC for Nonprehensile Object Manipulation with a Nonholonomic Mobile Robot	2020	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2020 IEEE.This paper proposes a technique to manipulate an object with a nonholonomic mobile robot by pushing, which is a nonprehensile manipulation motion primitive. Such a primitive involves unilateral constraints associated with the friction between the robot and the manipulated object. Violating this constraint produces the slippage of the object during the manipulation, preventing the correct achievement of the task. A linear time-varying model predictive control is designed to include the unilateral constraint within the control action properly. The approach is verified in a dynamic simulation environment through a Pioneer 3-DX wheeled robot executing the pushing manipulation of a package.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Complex Trajectory Tracking Using PID Control for Autonomous Driving	2020	International Journal of Intelligent Transportation Systems Research	2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.In this paper, a Proportional-Integral-Differential (PID) controller that facilitates track maneuvering for self-driving cars is proposed. Three different design approaches are used to find and tune the controller hyper-parameters. One of them is “WAF-Tune”, which is an ad hoc trial-and-error based technique that is specifically proposed in this paper for this specific application. The proposed controller uses only the Cross-Track-Error (CTE) as an input to the controller, whereas the output is the steering command. Extensive simulation studies in complex tracks with many sharp turns have been carried out to evaluate the performance of the proposed controller at different speeds. The analysis shows that the proposed technique outperforms the other ones. The usefulness and the shortcomings of the proposed tuning mechanism are also discussed in details.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Kuwait	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Neuroscience (all),Information Systems,Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous driving,PID control,PID tuning,Self-driving Car
Efficient Uncertainty-aware Decision-making for Automated Driving Using Guided Branching	2020	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2020 IEEE.Decision-making in dense traffic scenarios is challenging for automated vehicles (AVs) due to potentially stochastic behaviors of other traffic participants and perception uncertainties (e.g., tracking noise and prediction errors, etc.). Although the partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP) provides a systematic way to incorporate these uncertainties, it quickly becomes computationally intractable when scaled to the real-world large-size problem. In this paper, we present an efficient uncertainty-aware decision-making (EUDM) framework, which generates long-term lateral and longitudinal behaviors in complex driving environments in real-time. The computation complexity is controlled to an appropriate level by two novel techniques, namely, the domain-specific closed-loop policy tree (DCP-Tree) structure and conditional focused branching (CFB) mechanism. The key idea is utilizing domain-specific expert knowledge to guide the branching in both action and intention space. The proposed framework is validated using both onboard sensing data captured by a real vehicle and an interactive multi-agent simulation platform. We also release the code of our framework to accommodate benchmarking.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Connectivity Maintenance: Global and Optimized approach through Control Barrier Functions	2020	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	2020 IEEE.Connectivity maintenance is an essential aspect to consider while controlling a multi-robot system. In general, a multi-robot system should be connected to obtain a certain common objective. Connectivity must be kept regardless of the control strategy or the objective of the multi-robot system. Two main methods exist for connectivity maintenance: keep the initial connections (local connectivity) or allow modifications to the initial connections, but always keeping the overall system connected (global connectivity). In this paper we present a method that allows, at the same time, to maintain global connectivity and to implement the desired control strategy (e.g., consensus, formation control, coverage), all in an optimized fashion. For this purpose, we defined and implemented a Control Barrier Function that can incorporate constraints and objectives. We provide a mathematical proof of the method, and we demonstrate its versatility with simulations of different applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Redesigning the in-plant supply logistics: A case study	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2020 Elsevier LtdThis paper addresses the redesign of an industrial assembly facility's internal logistics. To this end, it proposes a mathematical formulation that optimizes the components and parts’ flow to feed the different workstations of the production lines. This flow of components starts at the reception docks where suppliers’ trucks arrive. Components unloaded from trucks are moved to one or several storage areas by means of adequate handling equipment. Finally, components are transported to demand point located along the assembly line when required. Numerical results produced by the mathematical formulation for the studied plant show that savings of almost 33% in the total distribution time might be achieved by a better assignment of suppliers to reception docks and parts to storage areas, and by adequately choosing the capacity of the material handling equipment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	2	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Feeding system,Material flow,Material handling,Product assignment,Supply system
Fault-tolerant path-following control for in-wheel-motor-driven autonomous ground vehicles with differential steering	2020	Asian Journal of Control	2019 Chinese Automatic Control Society and John Wiley & Sons Australia, LtdOver the past several decades, the automobile industry has denoted significant research efforts to developing in-wheel-motor-driven autonomous ground vehicles (IWM-AGVs) with active front-wheel steering. One of the most fundamental issues for IWM-AGVs is path following, which is important for automated driving to ensure that the vehicle can track a target-planned path during local navigation. However, the path-following task may fail if the system experiences a stuck fault in the active front-wheel steering. In this paper, a fault-tolerant control (FTC) strategy is presented for the path following of IWM-AGVs in the presence of a stuck fault in the active front-wheel steering. For this purpose, differential steering is used to generate differential torque between the left and right wheels in IWM-AGVs, and an adaptive triple-step control approach is applied to realize coordinated lateral and longitudinal path-following maneuvering. The parameter uncertainties for the cornering stiffness and external disturbances are considered to make the vehicles robust to different driving environments. The effectiveness of the proposed scheme is evaluated with a high-fidelity and full-car model based on the veDYNA-Simulink joint platform.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering	autonomous ground vehicles,differential steering,fault-tolerant control,path following,triple-step control
Yard crane and AGV scheduling in automated container terminal: A multi-robot task allocation framework	2020	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2020 Elsevier LtdThe efficiency of automated container terminals primarily depends on the synchronization of automated-guided vehicles (AGVs) and automated cranes. Accordingly, we study the integrated rail-mounted yard crane and AGV scheduling problem as a multi-robot coordination and scheduling problem in this paper. Based on a discretized virtualized network, we propose a multi-commodity network flow model with two sets of flow balance constraints for cranes and AGVs. In addition, two side constraints are introduced to deal with inter-robot constraints to reflect the complex interactions among terminal agents accurately. The Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) method is adopted in this study as a market-driven approach to dualize the hard side constraints; therefore, the original problem is decomposed into a set of crane-specific and vehicle-specific subtasks. The cost-effective solutions can be obtained by iteratively adjusting both the primal and dual costs of each subtask. We also compare the computational performance of the proposed solution framework with that of the resource-constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP) model using commercial solvers. Comparison results indicate that our proposed approach could efficiently find solutions within 2% optimality gaps. Illustrative and real-world instances show that the proposed approach effectively serves the accurate coordination of AGVs and cranes in automated terminals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	ADMM,Automated container hub,Crane scheduling,Multi-robot system,Rolling horizon
Ijon: Exploring deep state spaces via fuzzing	2020	Proceedings - IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy	2020 IEEE.Although current fuzz testing (fuzzing) methods are highly effective, there are still many situations such as complex state machines where fully automated approaches fail. State-of-the-art fuzzing methods offer very limited ability for a human to interact and aid the fuzzer in such cases. More specifically, most current approaches are limited to adding a dictionary or new seed inputs to guide the fuzzer. When dealing with complex programs, these mechanisms are unable to uncover new parts of the code base.In this paper, we propose Ijon, an annotation mechanism that a human analyst can use to guide the fuzzer. In contrast to the two aforementioned techniques, this approach allows a more systematic exploration of the program's behavior based on the data representing the internal state of the program. As a consequence, using only a small (usually one line) annotation, a user can help the fuzzer to solve previously unsolvable challenges. We extended various AFL-based fuzzers with the ability to annotate the source code of the target application with guidance hints. Our evaluation demonstrates that such simple annotations are able to solve problems that - to the best of our knowledge - no other current fuzzer or symbolic execution based tool can overcome. For example, with our extension, a fuzzer is able to play and solve games such as Super Mario Bros. or resolve more complex patterns such as hash map lookups. To further demonstrate the capabilities of our annotations, we use AFL combined with Ijon to uncover both novel security issues and issues that previously required a custom and comprehensive grammar to be uncovered. Lastly, we show that using Ijon and AFL, one can solve many challenges from the CGC data set that resisted all fully automated and human guided attempts so far.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	2	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Software,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Mobile robotics in agricultural operations: A narrative review on planning aspects	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.The advent of mobile robots in agriculture has signaled a digital transformation with new automation technologies optimize a range of labor-intensive, resources-demanding, and time-consuming agri-field operations. To that end a generally accepted technical lexicon for mobile robots is lacking as pertinent terms are often used interchangeably. This creates confusion among research and practice stakeholders. In addition, a consistent definition of planning attributes in automated agricultural operations is still missing as relevant research is sparse. In this regard, a "narrative" review was adopted (1) to provide the basic terminology over technical aspects of mobile robots used in autonomous operations and (2) assess fundamental planning aspects of mobile robots in agricultural environments. Based on the synthesized evidence from extant studies, seven planning attributes have been included: (i) high-level control-specific attributes, which include reasoning architecture, the world model, and planning level, (ii) operation-specific attributes, which include locomotion-task connection and capacity constraints, and (iii) physical robot-specific attributes, which include vehicle configuration and vehicle kinematics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	2	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Agriculture,Coordination,Locomotion,Operation research,Planning,Routing
Context-aware assistive indoor navigation of visually impaired persons	2020	Sensors and Materials	MYU K.K.This paper presents an approach for context awareness in navigation for visually impaired persons via sensor-based obstacle detection, obstacle recognition, sensor fusion, and walking context analysis. Sonar and vision sensor data are fused using a complementary sensor fusion approach. A wearable belt has sonar and vision sensors that detect and recognize obstacles, respectively. A fuzzy logic model is used for safety aspect handling during visually impaired navigation. Walking context analysis handles decisions on the current walking status by using clues acquired from the smartphone application and obstacle detection process. Feedback is provided via audio and tactile cues. The usability evaluation experiment using the proof-of-concept reveals positive results and other areas of investigation have been identified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sri Lanka	0	Instrumentation,Materials Science (all)	Assistive technology,Context awareness,Human–computer interaction,Mobile–cloud computing,Sensor fusion,Wearable sensors
Research Progress of Agricultural Machinery Navigation Technology 农业机械导航技术研究进展	2020	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery	2020, Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery. All right reserved.The automatic navigation technology of agricultural machinery is the basis for the implementation of precision agriculture, which can effectively reduce the labor intensity of agricultural machinery operators, improve the operation accuracy and efficiency. The classic automatic navigation of agricultural machinery includes three key technologies: positioning and attitude measurement, path planning and motion control. Based on the global navigation satellite system, the inertial navigation system, the machine vision navigation system and the multi-sensor data fusion algorithms, the methods of agricultural machinery positioning and attitude measurement were introduced firstly, and then the global path and local path planning algorithms in the agricultural machinery automatic navigation system were summarized, and the kinematic models, control methods and actuators for steering and braking were analyzed on agricultural machinery. With the development of information technology, the intelligent navigation technology of agricultural machinery had attracted more and more attention. Ensuring the safety of operation and improving the efficiency of cooperation were the key technologies of intelligent navigation of agricultural machinery different from traditional automatic navigation. LiDAR and RGB camera were taking as examples, the autonomous obstacle avoidance technology of agricultural machinery was analyzed, and the cooperative operation technology of multiple agricultural machinery was expounded, including cooperative mode, the perspectives of communication technology, cooperative controlling and remote management platform respectively. Finally, the future development direction of intelligent navigation technology for agricultural machinery was prospected with the specific example of "Hands Free Hectare" and smart agriculture.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	8	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Agriculture machinery navigation,Autonomous obstacle avoidance,Motion control,Multi machine cooperation,Path planning,Positioning and attitude measurement
Autonomous navigation system with small four-wheel drive platform	2020	E3S Web of Conferences	The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2020.The task of achieving greater flexibility and maneuverability of small transport and service units' motion in modern factories by developing small autonomous navigation systems plays crucial role in complex automation of transport logistics nowadays. To solve navigation task, it was proposed the following approach, where as a means of assessing the environment was used computer vision system based on 5-megapixel CMOS image sensor and for the front obstacle detection was used auxiliary ultrasonic sensor as a limit switch. Authors solved the problem of yawing using artificial marking approach as along two-colored leading lines. For maneuverability increase during the turn was used speed movement control based on lines perspective. The basic design and technical characteristics of the four-wheel drive platform and the algorithm of the Raspberry PI 3/Arduino Nano hybrid control system are presented. Experimental results proved the viability of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ukraine	1	Environmental Science (all),Energy (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
Navigation and mapping using automated guided vehicle	2020	International Journal of Advanced Science and Technology	2020 SERSC.The project being made will be based on AVG (Autonomous Guided Vehicle). This vehicle will be made for the purpose of straight-line navigation, object avoidance travel, mapping environment, etc. This project is the combination of a few individual project and will be a wholesome package on completion. The purpose to make such a vehicle is to provide un-maned travel of bots to dangerous location, retrieve data and info, help public or come in use for test purposes. Efforts will be made to make it cheaper, to control the tech damage expense. Arduino mega board will be used for this and will program for the same, along with other tech requirements. The major help from this project is to the armed forces, and activities like bomb defusal, which involves a lot of risk if involving human life would be made easier.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all),Energy (all)	Automated guided cart,Automated guided vehicle,Derivative,Integral,Laser guided vehicle,Laser target navigation,Proportional,Robot operating system,Simultaneous localization and mapping
Load Prediction for AGV Quasi-Stop Control	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In the AGV variable load quasi-stop problem, in order to establish the quasi-stop mathematical model, it is necessary to judge the magnitude of the load. According to the current load characteristic of the motor, the motor output current is positively correlated with the load. For this reason, a motor current start Characteristic load prediction method is proposed. Firstly, the ARM-based AGV DC servo motor current measurement experimental platform is built according to the needs. Secondly, in order to extract the effective data, we collected the current data under different loads and analyzed the overall law of the data and, and the linear regression analysis and least squares fitting of the effective data are performed. Finally, the mathematical model between load and current is established, and the model is brought back to the AGV experimental platform to verify the model. The experimental results show that the mathematical model can predict the load and the prediction accuracy is around 5%, which proves the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Joint configuration and scheduling optimization of the dual trolley quay crane and AGV for automated container terminal	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.This paper proposes a method to optimize the configuration and scheduling of dual trolley quay crane and AGV so as to reduce the cost in automated container terminal. A two-phase model is constructed to minimize cost during handling operation considering the relevant constraints such as laytime allowable in the contract, AGV's endurance time and buffer platform for quay crane and blocks, which will be solved by the proposed genetic algorithm. Yangshan Phase IV automated container terminal's data was used to demonstrate the validity and applicability of the proposed model. By the results of the experiments, it is found that the proposed method can reduce cost while ensuring that the completion time is not delayed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
AGV task distribution study	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In this paper, the traditional AGV task allocation mechanism assigns tasks with large path cost and low operational efficiency. A single AGV dual task allocation mechanism based on task priority and FCFS is designed. By changing the order and distribution mode of the main categories of tasks, the mechanism assigns two different kinds of tasks to the AGV, which reduces the empty vehicle operation caused by the continuous execution of similar tasks by the AGV, thereby reducing the path cost and improving the operational efficiency of the AGV system. The open-TCS simulation calculation uses this method to increase the operating efficiency of the AGV system by 20%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Intelligent traffic control for autonomous vehicle systems based on machine learning	2020	Expert Systems with Applications	2019This study aimed to resolve a real-world traffic problem in a large-scale plant. Autonomous vehicle systems (AVSs), which are designed to use multiple vehicles to transfer materials, are widely used to transfer wafers in semiconductor manufacturing. Traffic control is a significant challenge with AVSs because all vehicles must be monitored and controlled in real time, to cope with uncertainties such as congestion. However, existing traffic control systems, which are primarily designed and controlled by human experts, are insufficient to prevent heavy congestion that impedes production. In this study, we developed a traffic control system based on machine learning predictions, and a routing method that dynamically determines AVS routes with reduced congestion rates. We predicted congestion for critical bottleneck areas, and utilized the predictions for adaptive routing control of all vehicles to avoid congestion. We conducted an experimental evaluation to compare the predictive performance of four popular algorithms. We performed a simulation study based on data from semiconductor fabrication to demonstrate the utility and superiority of the proposed method. The experimental results showed that AVSs with the proposed approach outperformed the existing approach in terms of delivery time, transfer time, and queuing time. We found that adopting machine learning-based traffic control can enhance the performance of existing AVSs and reduce the burden on the human experts who monitor and control AVSs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	11	Engineering (all),Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous vehicle systems,Intelligent traffic control,Machine learning,Material handling,Vehicle routing
Container Transport System as a Means of Saving Resources	2020	IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science	2020 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Analysing the transportation of goods as one of the constituent elements of the transport system, it can be argued that container transport today occupies a leading position in the delivery of goods throughout the world. According to statistics, the total volume of container traffic in the first two months of 2018 was approximately 26 million TEU (twenty-foot equivalent unit is a conventional unit of measure for the capacity of freight vehicles, namely, a 20-foot container), which is 6.7% more than the same index last year. Positive growth rates of container traffic indicate the relevance and scale of this type of transport. Also, thanks to the rapid development of intermodal and multimodal transportation, the volumes of cargo delivery in containers are increasing. Resulting from this, the container transport system, the main components of which are containers and container terminals, can be considered and analyzed as a technology for the conservation of resources.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Ukraine	0	Environmental Science (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
The prototypes of automated guided vehicle based on bluebotics autonomous navigation technology	2020	AIP Conference Proceedings	2020 Author(s).Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) refers to an automatic transportation system that is used to move material or object horizontally. ANT (Autonomous Navigation Technology) developed by BlueBotics is a controller which can be installed to any customizable AGV. The purpose of this research is to build prototypes of AGV based on ANT and to test its mechanical design and odometry performance. The prototype consists of ANT Lite+ control unit, DC motor and driver, LIDAR sensor, transmission system, and the mechanical frame part. The test results show that the first AGV prototype performs poor quality of odometry and produces some issues related to the excessive vibration and electrical sparks. After some improvements, the second prototype has better quality of mechanical, electrical, and odometry performance than the first one. The performance of the AGV with ANT control depends on the design and specification of its supporting components. It is recommended to carefully design the AGV and its supporting components to meet the standard requirements from the AGV system provider so that the performance of the AGV can be utilized optimally.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Indonesia	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
A generic framework for data quality analytics	2020	International Journal of COMADEM	2020 COMADEM International. All rights reserved.The challenge of generalizing Data Quality assessment is hindered by the fact that Data Quality requisites depend on the purpose for which the data will be used and on the subjectivity of the data consumer. The approach proposed in this paper to address this challenge is to employ a semi-automated user-guided Data Quality assessment. This paper introduces a generic framework for data quality analytics which is mainly composed by a set of software units to perform semi-automated Data Quality analytics and a set of Graphical User Interfaces to enable the user to guide the Data Quality assessment. The framework has been implemented and can be customized according to the needs of the purpose and of the consumer. The framework has been instantiated in a case study on Long-hole drill rigs, where several Data Quality issues have been discovered and their root cause investigated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Sweden	0	Bioengineering,Signal Processing,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Data quality,Long-hole drilling,Maintenance,Mining
Scheduling problems of automated guided vehicles in automated container terminals using a genetic algorithm	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2020 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved.The automated guided vehicle (AGV) is adopted as horizontal transport equipment in automated container terminals. In order to improve the operation efficiency of the AGV, we constructed a mixed integer programming model for AGV scheduling optimization in unloading operations in an automated container terminal with a vertical layout. The model aimed at minimizing the end time of the last task and the time of AGV invalid operation. The constraints included the operation limit and the time window. We also designed a genetic algorithm to solve the model, and set three experiments to prove the superiority of the method. The experimental results show that the genetic algorithm can significantly improve the calculation efficiency in large-scale AGV scheduling problem, and the scheduling model we constructed can better improve the operation efficiency of the AGV. We also simply studied the problem of the optimal number of AGV configurations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated container terminals,Automated guide vehicle (AGV),Genetic algorithm,Scheduling
HFO-LADRC lateral motion controller for autonomous road sweeper	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.How to make a controller robust and stable to reject the disturbance of uncertainty is an inevitable challenge. Aiming at addressing the lateral control problem for an autonomous road sweeper, a heading-error-based first order linear active disturbance rejective controller (HFO-LADRC) is proposed in this paper. To eliminate the lateral error and the heading error at the same time, a new model, called the heading-error-based model, is proposed for lateral motion, and the Lyapunov function was employed to explore the convergence ability of the heading error and lateral error. Since the heading-error-based model is first order, the ADRC is designed as first order and linear, and each module of the HFO-LADRC has been devised in detail. To ensure solution accuracy, the fourth order Runge–Kutta method was adopted as the differential system solver, and a typical ring scenario and a double lane-changing scenario were designed referencing the standard. Considering the obvious influence, wheelbase uncertainty, steering ratio uncertainty and Gaussian white noise disturbance were taken into account for the tests. The results illustrate that, in the case of both wheelbase uncertainty and steer ratio uncertainty, the HFO-LADRC has strong robustness and stability compared with a typical pure pursuit controller and classical SO-LADRC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Lateral motion control,Linear active disturbance rejective control,Robustness,System uncertainty
Survey of datafusion techniques for laser and vision based sensor integration for autonomous navigation	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.This paper focuses on data fusion, which is fundamental to one of the most important modules in any autonomous system: perception. Over the past decade, there has been a surge in the usage of smart/autonomous mobility systems. Such systems can be used in various areas of life like safe mobility for the disabled, senior citizens, and so on and are dependent on accurate sensor information in order to function optimally. This information may be from a single sensor or a suite of sensors with the same or different modalities. We review various types of sensors, their data, and the need for fusion of the data with each other to output the best data for the task at hand, which in this case is autonomous navigation. In order to obtain such accurate data, we need to have optimal technology to read the sensor data, process the data, eliminate or at least reduce the noise and then use the data for the required tasks. We present a survey of the current data processing techniques that implement data fusion using different sensors like LiDAR that use light scan technology, stereo/depth cameras, Red Green Blue monocular (RGB) and Time-of-flight (TOF) cameras that use optical technology and review the efficiency of using fused data from multiple sensors rather than a single sensor in autonomous navigation tasks like mapping, obstacle detection, and avoidance or localization. This survey will provide sensor information to researchers who intend to accomplish the task of motion control of a robot and detail the use of LiDAR and cameras to accomplish robot navigation.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous systems,Data alignment,Data fusion,Data integration,Datafusion,Deep learning,Fusion,Information fusion,LiDAR,Localization,Mapping,Mobile robot,Multimodal,Navigation,Neural networks,Obstacle avoidance,Obstacle detection,Optical,Review,RGB,Robot,SLAM,Stereo vision,Survey,Vision
Development of AGV as test bed for fault detection	2020	2020 6th International Conference on Control, Automation and Robotics, ICCAR 2020	2020 IEEEModern machines are still susceptible to faults and breakdown. On the onset of Industry 4.0, machines are equipped with various sensors. This paper describes the development of an (Automated Guided Vehicle) AGV to be used as a test bed to simulate fault condition and generate sensor data which can be used to generate fault detecting models. The AGV is a two wheels diiferential drive mobile robot with motor on each wheel. The AGV is controlled by a microcontroller board connected to a Single Board Computer (SBC). Sensors are installed to monitor the performance of the AGV and the data generated by these sensors are logged to the SBC. The AGV and its sensors are tested. The AGV is functional, can simulate simple fault and fault detection.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV,Automated guided vehicle,Design,Fault detection
Cell-Based Local Search Heuristics for Guide Path Design of Automated Guided Vehicle Systems with Dynamic Multicommodity Flow	2020	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.This article discusses the guide path design of automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems for which we propose a model that incorporates a dynamic multicommodity flow with capacity constraints from a pickup to a delivery point. The problem is formulated as the selection of a guide path connecting a given set of pickup/delivery points. A cell-based local search that is based on an original neighborhood technique is developed. In the proposed method, the guide path is effectively optimized based on a local search of cell-based neighborhood search preserving connectivity constraints and the subsequent solution of a dynamic multicommodity flow problem. The performance of the proposed method is strengthened by the redundant elimination of arcs and intensification of search according to the concept of the flow-concentrated cell. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated by comparing it with a general-purpose solver and recent algorithms for fixed-charge capacitated multicommodity network design problems. A real case study is presented to demonstrate the applicability of the proposed method by using simulation software. Note to Practitioners - Due to the recent growth of online shipping, the design of automated warehousing systems is receiving much attention. Most automated warehousing systems introduce multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) for transportation. This article presents an efficient optimization of guide path design considering congestions and dynamic multicommodity flow routing. We develop cell-based local search heuristics for the guide path design problem for AGV systems that can be applied to a large-scale transportation model to solve the problem efficiently. Our major finding is that the guide path design with the dynamic multicommodity flow can significantly reduce the delays caused by congestions and improve the efficiency of the warehousing systems. The effectiveness of the derived guide path design is evaluated by simulation software. The feasibility of the guide path is confirmed in several case studies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),block layout,dynamic multicommodity flow,flow path design,heuristics
Layout Planning Problem in an Innovative Parcel Sorting System Based on Automated Guided Vehicles	2020	2020 IEEE 7th International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Applications, ICIEA 2020	2020 IEEE.With the development of the global e-commerce industry and the growth of parcel delivery volume, automated parcel sorting systems have attracted more and more attention. The traditional parcel sorting systems mostly use a network of conveyor segments, which is difficult to change the layout once set up and occupies a large area. This paper analyzes a layout problem using autonomous robots for parcel sorting. A newly-designed model is formulated to optimize both system throughput and cost. Furthermore, we have built an M/M/s queueing model to estimate the throughput of the system. Besides, we have designed a global search algorithm to solve the models. Numerical experiments analyze the effects of different system parameters on system throughput, including the length-width ratio, the number and layout of workstations and containers, and the number of automated guided vehicles. The research can provide some management insights for the layout planning of parcel sorting systems in practical applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Management Science and Operations Research,Aerospace Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Control and Optimization	automated guided vehicles,layout planning,parcel sorting,queueing model,throughput
GEOMOVE: Detached AGVs for cooperative transportation of large and heavy loads in the aeronautic industry	2020	2020 IEEE International Conference on Autonomous Robot Systems and Competitions, ICARSC 2020	2020 IEEE.Some manufacturing sectors require handling very large pieces, such as airplane fuselages and wings in the aeronautic industry. This presents a challenge that is usually overcome by manual and tedious handling of these large parts or the use of mechanically attached Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). In this paper, we show the implementation and testing of a wireless (detached) cooperative transportation solution, with no need of mechanical attachment between AGVs. Inspired by the mutual tidal locking of astronomical bodies, we derive the expressions for coordinated movements between AGVs, allowing to maintain their relative distance and orientation for cooperative transportation. We provide details on the implemented system pipeline and validation with two research robots and subsequently with two industrial AGVs, designed and manufactured by Aritex in Spain, demonstrating coordinated movements with alignment errors in the scale of millimeter/below degree in real tests. This solution overcomes the need for mechanical attachments, does not depend on specific details or configurations of the vehicles and could reduce the number of robots required, enabling the cost-efficient use of medium and small size AGVs in the cooperative transportation of large parts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Aeronautic industry,AGVs,Automation,Control,Cooperative transportation,Multi-robot,Tidal lock
A fault-tolerant control strategy for multiple automated guided vehicles	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersAn advanced control of manufacturing and transportation systems forms a prominent research field with powerful algorithms developed in the last decades. Challenges still arise, if several automated guide vehicles (AGV) have to be coordinated. This paper focuses on the modelling and fault-tolerant control of multiple AGVs. The considered application concerns a highly flexible AGV transportation system delivering product items to transfer stations at a high-storage warehouse in a manufacturing system. The research contribution concerns the development of a mathematical description of a set of multiple AGVs along with an algorithm that can generate an optimum sequence of item outlet delivery times. The proposed solution addresses both synchronization and concurrency issues, which are inevitable in this kind of multiple-vehicle systems. Apart from these issues, modelling inaccuracy is also addressed using interval analysis coupled with max-plus algebra. Subsequently, fault diagnosis and fault-tolerant control are also investigated and addressed in the proposed approach. This leads to a fault-tolerant control framework, which is based on a fusion of the predictive control and interval max-plus algebra. The distinct quality of the proposed approach is that the optimization can be carried out in a reliable way and that certain faults and modeling uncertainties can be tolerated. The paper concludes with illustrative examples, which show the performance of the proposed approach using both fault-free and faulty scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVs system,Fault diagnosis,Fault-tolerant control,Interval arithmetics,Max-plus algebra
Network Intelligence Empowered Industrial Robot Control in the F-RAN Environment	2020	IEEE Wireless Communications	2002-2012 IEEE.Industrial robots are widely adopted in modern industries, including automobile manufacturing, warehousing, and so on. The industrial robot with cellular network connection will be more flexible and intelligent than that without a network connection or with a conventional industrial communication network connection (e.g., fieldbus, real-time Ethernet, and WiFi). This is seen as the direction of development of the next generation of industrial robots. As a promising candidate for the next generation of cellular networks, fog radio access network (F-RAN) can provide artificial intelligence (AI) on the network edge, which is equipped with some computing and storage facilities, thus promoting the development of industrial robots in the future. In this article, we first propose a local-network cooperative control architecture for industrial robots in the F-RAN environment, which divides the robot controller into an onboard controller and a network controller, in order to decouple the basic control functions and application-dependent functions. The network controller is implemented on the fog access node (F-AP), and it possibly uses AI to bring advanced capabilities to the robot control. Then, based on the proposed architecture, a testbed for multiple automated guided vehicle (AGV) coordination in F-RAN has been designed and implemented, and a recurrent neural network (RNN)-empowered multi-AGV coordination policy is also developed. Finally, its performance is examined by several experiments. The results show that network intelligence deployed in F-RAN can improve the scheduling efficiency up to 35 percent, and the proposed control architecture can save huge backhaul traffic compared to the conventional cloud-based control architecture for industrial robots.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Multi-AGV scheduling for conflict-free path planning in automated container terminals	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2020 Elsevier LtdPath planning and integrated scheduling are two important problems to be resolved in the design of any automated container terminal. There has been relatively little research, however, on automated guided vehicles (AGVs) conflict-free path planning with quay cranes (QCs) and rail-mounted gantry (RMG) cranes. This paper combines the two problems to realize the integrated scheduling of multi-AGV with conflict-free path planning. A mixed integer programming model based on path optimization, integrated scheduling, and conflicts and deadlocks is established to minimize AGVs delay time under the condition that the task allocation is known. A series of small-scale and large-scale experiments are conducted to validate the availability of Hybrid Genetic Algorithm-Particle Swarm Optimization (HGA-PSO) with fuzzy logic controller to adaptive auto tuning. Dynamic simulation of the path nodes indicates that the proposed model indeed can resolve the AGV conflict and deadlock problem and may be practically applicable to existing automated container terminals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	9	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated container terminal,Conflict-free,Hybrid GA-PSO,Integrated scheduling,Path planning
Path tracking controller design of automatic guided vehicle based on four-wheeled omnidirectional motion model	2020	International Journal of Automotive and Mechanical Engineering	The Authors 2020.This paper presents a new design of omnidirectional automatic guided vehicle based on a hub motor, and proposes a joint controller for path tracking. The proposed controller includes two parts: a fuzzy controller and a multi-step predictive optimal controller. Firstly, based on various steering conditions, the kinematics model of the whole vehicle and the pose (position, angle) model in the global coordinate system are introduced. Secondly, based on the modeling, the joint controller is designed. Lateral deviation and course deviation are used as the input variables of the control system, and the threshold value is switched according to the value of the input variable to realise the correction of the large range of posture deviation. Finally, the joint controller is implemented by using the industrial PC and the self-developed control system based on the Freescale minimum system. Path tracking experiments were made under the straight and circular paths to test the ability of the joint controller for reducing the pose deviation. The experimental results show that the designed guided vehicle has excellent ability to path tracking, which meets the design goals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Four-wheel independent steering,Fuzzy control,Hub motor,Path tracking
Detection of data matrix encoded landmarks in unstructured environments using deep learning	2020	2020 IEEE International Conference on Autonomous Robot Systems and Competitions, ICARSC 2020	2020 IEEE.Visual based navigation in industrial environments has been a challenge because of the complex and unstructured nature of the surroundings that Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) and autonomous robots have to traverse in a continuous routine in many production facilities. Since natural landmarks are still a huge challenge due to the highly dynamic configuration of the environment and the varying nature of these landmarks, simple and low cost artificial landmarks appear as a potential solution. The one exploited in this work uses simple sheets of paper with Data Matrix encoded markers spread in the environment trying to create a constellation of landmarks in such a way that several of them are always visible to a set of cameras on board the robot or AGV. All codes are unique, which makes robot continuous localization a much simpler challenge whenever at least two or three landmarks are visible. When using traditional vision techniques in large images of the scene, one of the most demanding parts is to detect the landmarks to further process them. For that purpose, this paper proposes a technique based on deep learning that efficiently detects these special landmarks in images. A dedicated dataset was created and a Faster R-CNN architecture was adapted and trained for that purpose. The results show that almost all markers was detected in the images with a processing speed larger more than one order of magnitude than traditional techniques, including in demanding situations of poorer illumination or partial occlusions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	0	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV,Data Matrix,Deep learning,Object detection,Self-localization,Unstructured environments
Equipmentlayout design of smart job-shop based on AGV unidirectional guided-path network 基于自动导引车单向导引路径网络的智能车间设备布局规划	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.The equipment layout design of traditional job-shop usually takes the straight-line distance or Manhattan distance between two devices as the optimization variables. And it does not consider the route of workpiece handling equipment in the actual production process. In smart job-shop, however, Automated Guided Vehicle(AGV)is the main workpiece handling equipment. Therefore, the actual logistics route and logistics efficiency must be considered. Based on AGV unidirectional guided-path network, handling frequency, per unit distance cost, and the shortest directed distance were used to establish the equipment layout design model of smart job-shop. And then, the Chaos Genetic Algorithm(CGA)to achieve the calculation of the model. At last, by the comparison of different equipment layout optimization algorithms and running simulation on Plant Simulation platform, an equipment layout design case of smart cylinder head production job shop was discussed to verify the feasibility and universality of the proposed models and methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Equipment layout design,Smart job-shop,Unidirectional guided-path network
Research on control algorithm for laser guided AGV based on proximal policy	2020	Proceedings of 2020 Asia-Pacific Conference on Image Processing, Electronics and Computers, IPEC 2020	2020 IEEE.Path tracking control is the key to ensure that the laser guided automated guided vehicles (LGAGVs) can deliver the goods to the designated place quickly and safely. However, it is very difficult to build accurate AVG dynamic model because of the variety of LGAGV dynamic types. In addition, a lot of manual test work is needed in traditional path tracking control, which makes the design of LGAGV path tracking challengeable. In this paper, the deep reinforcement learning (RL) is used to realize the design of LGAGV path tracking controller. Firstly, according to its characteristics, LGAGV path tracking problem is described as a Markov decision process (MDP) with continuous state and continuous action under the unknown transition probability. Then, a reliable control policy was learnt by LGAGV through the Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) without any additionally exploring the possibilities. The simulation results show that the distance error and the stability of the control motor are better than the traditional model free algorithmic control when the angle error is fitting.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Optimization,Instrumentation,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Signal Processing,Information Systems and Management	Deep reinforcement learning,LGAGV,Path tracking,Random policy gradient
Winner determination problem in multiple automated guided vehicle considering cost and flexibility	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2020 Elsevier LtdThis study solves the integration difficulty between scheduling and routing aspects of the multiple Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) problem through the winner determination problem (WDP). Our model reduces the cost of using multiple AGV for logistics and warehousing applications. We show that solving the WDP by the mixed integer linear programming (MILP) is inefficient as the assignment of routes is made complicated by the combination of large number of AGVs. We illustrate an efficient approach through our proposed genetic algorithm using knowledge based operators, which decomposes a non-linear combinatorial auction model into a linear model. Simulation results showed the efficacy of MILP, the conventional GA and our proposed GA-based method. However, MILP only works well for small scale data. When the number of routes and AGV increases, the proposed GA method supersedes the other methods as indicated by cost and route flexibilities.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	1	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Autonomous vehicles,Combinatorial auction,Genetic algorithm,Knowledge-based systems
Digital filtration methods in selected industrial applications	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2020 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved.The aim of the article is to present selected methods of digital filtration and their algorithms used in industry. The article presents some examples of the use of digital filtration methods in two areas. The first area of an application of filtration covered the issue related to production technology and surface topography. The second area describes examples of the use of filtration in the navigation of automated guided vehicles (AGV) serving production lines. In the research part, selected methods of digital filtration were tested and their effectiveness was determined.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Sliding mode AGV tracking control method based on improve constant speed approaching law and Backstepping 基于Backstepping的改进等速趋近律AGV滑模轨迹跟踪控制方法	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.Aiming at how to quickly and smoothly eliminate the distance error and angle error caused by the approaching during the Automated Guided Vehicles(AGV)trajectory tracking process, a sliding mode trajectory tracking control method of improved constant velocity reaching law was proposed. The AGV kinematics model was established in the global coordinate system, and the sliding mode shear function of AGV was obtained based on the control strategy of Backstepping to deal with nonlinear system, thus solving the difficulty of switching function of sliding mode control in nonlinear system. In order to better achieve the AGV from any initial deviation state to the sliding mode switching surface, the switching function and the trajectory tracking control law based on the improved constant velocity reaching law of AGV sliding mode control was established by replacing the symbol function in the original reaching law with a continuous function, which was in response to the influence of the constant ε in the constant velocity reaching law on the approaching process. The simulation data and experimental results showed that the proposed trajectory tracking control method could make AGV achieve faster error correction at different turning radius and different speeds, and ultimately make the system stable.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Backstepping,Improved constant velocity reaching law,Nonlinear system,Sliding mode shear function,Trajectory tracking
Processing lidAR data from a virtual logistics space	2020	OpenAccess Series in Informatics	Jaakko Harjuhahto, Anton Debner, and Vesa Hirvisalo; licensed under Creative Commons License CC-BY 2nd Workshop on Fog Computing and the IoT (Fog-IoT 2020).We study computing solutions that can be used close to the network edge in I2oT systems (Industrial Internet of Things). As a specific use case, we consider a factory warehouse with AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles). The computing services for such systems should be dependable, yield high performance, and have low latency. For understanding such systems, we have constructed a hybrid system that consists of a simulator yielding virtual LiDAR sensor data streams in real-time and a sensor data processor on a real cluster that acts as a fog computing node close to the warehouse. The processing merges the observations done from the individual sensor streams without using the vehicle-to-vehicle communication links for the complicated computing. We present our experimental results, which show the feasibility of the computing solution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Modeling and Simulation	Fog computing,Hybrid systems,New control applications,Simulation
An application of the Kalman filter in automated guided vehicles	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2020 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved.The article presents an example of using the Kalman filter in the navigation process of an automated guided vehicles (AGV). Odometry - computational navigation is the basis for determining the location of automated guided vehicles. Many errors affect this method of determining the vehicle's position. In order to eliminate these errors in modern vehicles, additional systems are used to increase the accuracy of determining the position of the vehicle. In the latest navigation systems, probabilistic methods are applied to adjust the route and the position. The Kalman filters are most commonly used.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Research on model reference adaptive control method of permanent magnet synchronous motor based on CMAC 基于CMAC的永磁同步电机模型参考自适应方法研究	2020	Gaojishu Tongxin/Chinese High Technology Letters	2020, Executive Office of the Journal. All right reserved.In order to improve actuating properties of permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) under complicated working conditions of automatic guided vehicle (AGV), make its speed regulating system meet the requirements of fast response, and have stronger resistance and adaptability to frequent load disturbances, a method of hybrid control is proposed. The cerebellar model articulation controller (CMAC) is applied to the speed regulating system based on model reference adaptive control (MRAC) of the permanent magnet synchronous motor, which takes advantage of the local generalization and fast execution speed of the cerebellar model articulation controller. The system response time is shortened while the torque ripple and disturbance of permanent magnet synchronous motor are reduced. On this basis, a simulation control system of the permanent magnet synchronous motor is built. Simulation results verify that the proposed method has good effectiveness and robustness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Cerebellar model articulation controller (CMAC),Model reference adaptive control (MRAC),Permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM),Speed regulating system
Development of a High Precision UWB/Vision-based AGV and Control System	2020	2020 5th International Conference on Control and Robotics Engineering, ICCRE 2020	2020 IEEE.AGVs play an important role in unmanned factories and have broad prospects for development. Indoor vehicles are usually guided by magnetic tape/magnet, inertia, lidar, etc. These methods have some disadvantages. For example, magnet method is inconvenient due to a regular repair or replacement of tapes. In this paper, an advanced UWB method is used to navigate the AGV to the vicinity of the working position, and then computer vision technology is used to accurately determine the position of the vehicle, thereby establishing a high-precision AGV self-localization method. UWB can be applied to the situation of multi-AGVs interaction. Depth camera can also be used for obstacle detection and workpiece detection. Meanwhile, in order to make all different hardware and software work properly, an easy-scalable AGV control system is designed. Simple sensors can achieve complex functions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Artificial Intelligence,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	AGV,computr vision,control system,UWB
Research and implementation of railway freight train attitude and center of gravity monitoring system	2020	Proceedings - 2020 3rd International Conference on Advanced Electronic Materials, Computers and Software Engineering, AEMCSE 2020	2020 IEEE.With the development of the express delivery industry, the demand for freight trains on high-speed railways has surged, and monitoring of their operational safety has become increasingly important. However, many re-searches on the operation status of high-speed freight trains at home and abroad cannot meet the complex and changeable characteristics of high-speed railways. Therefore, using the quaternion self-fusion algorithm and the first-order complementary filtering algorithm, the existing inertial sensor MPU-6050, combined with wireless serial communication technology and Lab-VIEW software on the host, designed a strong real-time, stable Good train condition monitoring system. Through the system's static test and dynamic inspection, the accuracy and stability of the system data were evaluated, and the need for real-time monitoring of train operating conditions was met.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Hardware and Architecture,Software,Information Systems and Management,Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials	Center of gravity monitoring,Freight train attitude,Introduction,Railway
Reduced-Order Modeling and Design of Single-Stage LCL Compensated IPT System for Low Voltage Vehicle Charging Applications	2020	IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology	1967-2012 IEEE.In this paper, single-stage LCL inductive power transfer (IPT) system is proposed in low voltage vehicle charging applications to minimize the system complexity, and its reduced-order modeling and design approach is presented. To deal with the high-order resonant tank, the reduced-order methodology is applied throughout the paper, with which the behavior of resonant tank is investigated under multiple scales. Using the reduced-order time-domain model, the resonant waveform within switching period is accurately described with only one cycle's numerical computation. A novel parameter design principle for realizing ZVS condition and high averaged efficiency within full load range is then proposed and serves as parametric basis. Next, the low-order linear frequency-domain model is deduced using Extended Describing Function (EDF). It is found that six-order LCL-type system behaves as second-order underdamped system within frequency range of interest. Compared to existing models, the proposed reduced-order model features much more simplicity as it provides intuitive understanding into both steady and dynamic characteristic of the converter while facilitating the parameter and controller design. Through above work, the overall design consideration towards a single-stage LCL IPT system is elaborated. Finally, experimental results are given to verify accuracy of the models as well as the effectiveness of designed parameters and controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	frequency-domain model,Inductive power transfer system,LCL compensation,phase-shift control,time-domain model
Autonomous indoor navigation system of mobile robot 室内移动机器人自主导航系统设计与方法	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.A multi-information system based visual system with binocular and monocular was designed for environment detection, dynamic target tracking and path planning of mobile robot in indoors navigation. To effectively extract obstacle information and obtain available paths, a self-adaptive single scale Retinex algorithm incorporated color saturation information was proposed for indoors shadow elimination. A spatial-temporal context tracking algorithm was studied to employ target's key feature points to determine its rough location. Based on the rate of change of key feature points, the model was updated automatically to effectively improve the accuracy of dynamic target location in complex environment. The function of attraction velocity, repulsive velocity and tangential velocity in traditional velocity vector fields were improved which solved the problems of robot track jitter, concussion near the target and unreachable target when in the repulsive field of obstacles. The autonomous navigation experiment of mobile robot in indoor environment realized the features extraction and real-time positioning of obstacles, robots and targets, and achieved the effective tracking of dynamic targets in the shortest collision avoidance path.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous navigation,Environment detection,Mobile robot,Multi-information system,Path planning,Target tracking
Model Predictive Control for Vision-Based Quadrotor Guidance	2020	2020 IEEE/ION Position, Location and Navigation Symposium, PLANS 2020	2020 IEEE.A model predictive control algorithm for autonomous approaches of quadrotor helicopters to a window is presented in this paper. The target is selected by an operator in a reference image which is sent to the vehicle. A wide baseline image matching algorithm is used to obtain the target position in the current image. The vehicle guidance for the approach is realized by a nonlinear model predictive control algorithm which calculates the desired thrust and angular velocities while taking the goals of approaching the target orthogonally and keeping the target visible in the camera image into account. Moreover, two novel methods for the estimation of the orthogonal distance and orientation to the façade plane in which the target window is located are presented. The first method relies on laser rangefinder measurements while the second method is based on the decomposition of the estimated homography matrix between the façade plane in the reference and the live image. Monte Carlo simulations of approaches to a house show the accuracy and robustness of the vehicle guidance. The trajectories converge even from difficult start positions, for example approaches with acute angles between the façade and the quadrotor's orientation. As desired, the window is approached perpendicularly towards the end of the approaches.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Signal Processing,Aerospace Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Homography Decomposition,Micro Aerial Vehicles,Model Predictive Control,Vehicle Guidance
Scene Understanding for Safety Analysis in Human-Robot Collaborative Operations	2020	2020 6th International Conference on Control, Automation and Robotics, ICCAR 2020	2020 IEEE.Human-robot collaboration (HRC) depends on the detection of objects in the environment to perform critical tasks in a safe manner. This is usually done through object detection on robot's raw sensors data. However, this approach can not capture the semantic and contextual information from the environment. From that, scene understanding overcomes this limitation by combining different perception tasks to gather semantic knowledge from a given scene. Moreover, robots may take full benefit of semantic knowledge during safety analysis, as it will provide a richer information of the environment, commonly through scene graphs. We present our work on the comparison of two AI-based scene understanding methods for risk management in HRC. first implementation is a contextual semantics based scene graph generator method that is integrated with the state-of-the-art Mask R-CNN object detection. Whereas the second implementation adopts an end-to-end multi-level scene description neural network (MSDN) to predict the scene graphs and region captions. object detection methods employed in both solutions were evaluated by measuring the mean average precision. overall scene understanding performance was based on the average inference time and top (50 and 100) recall on predicted scene graph relationships. From the experiments, MSDN consistently outperformed contextual semantics based method in top (50 and 100) recall by 20-25% for scene graph generation task. Although, contextual semantics based implementation has lower scene graph generation inference time, which is 2.4 times faster than the end-to-end neural network based implementation. All the experiments were performed in a simulated warehouse scenario where autonomous mobile robots and humans have close interaction.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	human-robot collaboration,Mask RCNN,MSDN,object detection,safety analysis,scene graph,scene understanding
Risley-prism-based visual tracing method for robot guidance	2020	Journal of the Optical Society of America A: Optics and Image Science, and Vision	2020 Optical Society of America.A visual tracing model based on Risley prisms is proposed in this paper. Combined with the boresight adjusting technology and the visual detection technology, a new visual system is established. Placing Risley prisms in front of the camera, the field of view of the camera can be dynamically adjusted so that the imageable area of this camera is expanded greatly. Two real-time visual tracing strategies for dynamic targets are proposed, which effectively avoid the problems of target loss and tracking instability. The deviations between the reference trajectory generated by the manipulator and the actual trajectory detected by our visual system are measured. Experimental results show that the deviations are less than 1.5% in the 250 mm motion space of the manipulator. It is verified that the visual system can be used to guide robots with high precision, which provides a potential method for robot navigation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
Drone-Based Material Transfer System in a Robotic Mobile Fulfillment Center	2020	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.Deploying unmanned aerial vehicles, also known as drones, for final-mile delivery in logistics operations has inspired this research. One conceivable scenario is to use the drone to transfer jobs in a robotic mobile fulfillment center. Each job might be characterized by origin, destination, time window, and precedence relation. In particular, a take-away conveyor is continuously pushing forward shipping cartons, wherein drones must pick up jobs and drop them off to the cartons within the time window since the cartons would be closed and labeled at the end of the conveyor. Furthermore, each job contains two subtransfers for drone: flight from drone's current location to pickup location and flight to dropoff location. Two exact approaches are proposed - a mixed integer programming and a constraint programming - and tested for a real-time perspective. Note to Practitioners - Inspired by Amazon's significant expansion of its army of warehouse robots and the adaptation of drones for final-mile small parcel delivery, this article has mixed those two emerging technologies and proposed a drone-powered material transfer system in a warehouse, wherein jobs would be picked up by drone, transferred, and dropped off directly to shipping cartons. The most encouraging finding is that the proposed method impressively proved the optimality of 144 jobs with 10 drones that requires 28.8 transfers per drone on average, within 1 s.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Material transfer,robotic mobile fulfillment system (RMFS),transbot,unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV),warehouse
3D LiDAR-Based Global Localization Using Siamese Neural Network	2020	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.Global localization in 3D point clouds is a challenging task for mobile vehicles in outdoor scenarios, which requires the vehicle to localize itself correctly in a given map without prior knowledge of its pose. This is a critical component of autonomous vehicles or robots on the road for handling localization failures. In this paper, based on reduced dimension scan representations learned from neural networks, a solution to global localization is proposed by achieving place recognition first and then metric pose estimation in the global prior map. Specifically, we present a semi-handcrafted feature learning method for 3D Light detection and ranging (LiDAR) point clouds using artificial statistics and siamese network, which transforms the place recognition problem into a similarity modeling problem. Additionally, the sensor data using dimension reduced representations require less storage space and make the searching easier. With the learned representations by networks and the global poses, a prior map is built and used in the localization framework. In the localization step, position only observations obtained by place recognition are used in a particle filter algorithm to achieve precise pose estimation. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our place recognition and localization approach, KITTI benchmark and our multi-session datasets are employed for comparison with other geometric-based algorithms. The results show that our system can achieve both high accuracy and efficiency for long-term autonomy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	global localization,Mobile vehicles,place recognition,siamese network
Efficiency analysis of manufacturing line with industrial robots and human operators	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.The problem of production flow and evaluation of productivity in the manufacturing line is analysed. Machines can be operated by humans or by robots. Since breakdowns and human factors affect the destabilization of the production processes, robots are preferred. The main problem is a proper methodology-how can we determine the real difference in work efficiency between human and robot at the design stage? Therefore, an analysis of the productivity and reliability of the machining line operated by human operators or industrial robots is presented. Some design variants and simulation models in FlexSim have been developed, taking into consideration the availability and reliability of the machines, operators and robots. Traditional productivity metrics, such as the throughput and utilization rate, are not very helpful for identifying the underlying problems and opportunities for productivity improvement in a manufacturing system, therefore we apply the OEE (overall equipment effectiveness) metric to present how the availability and reliability parameters influence the performance of the workstation, in the short and long terms. The implementation results of a real robotic line from industry are presented with the use of the overall factory efficiency (OFE) metric. The analysis may help factories achieve the level of world class manufacturing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	0	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	DES,Discrete event simulation,Human factors,Industrial robots,Labour productivity,Manufacturing line,OEE,OFE,Overall equipment efficiency,Overall factory efficiency,WCM,World class manufacturing
Stochastic models for performance analysis of multistate flexible manufacturing cells	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersPerformance analysis of flexible manufacturing cells (FMCs) can help companies find the pros and cons of production processes. However, the emphasis has been on issues like cell formation, layout design and scheduling optimization. Little seems to have been done to assess the reliability of an FMC. In this paper, we develop the stochastic models for the performance analysis mainly on the reliability of two different FMCs configured from a set of teaching intelligent flexible manufacturing system (TIFMS). The closed form solutions of probabilities of system states are obtained. Then, utilization rate of equipment in the cell and productivities of the two FMCs as the performance indexes are calculated and optimized. Compared to simulation methods, the closed form solutions make calculations of the performance indexes faster and more accurate. When random variables in the stochastic models are assumed to follow non-exponential distributions, the effects of them on the performance indexes are discussed. The objective of this paper is to fill up the gap that the closed form solutions are difficult to obtain as the number of machine tool increases. Another objective is to optimize the performance indexes to help engineers better evaluate the performance of FMC. Numerical analysis cases are used to illustrate the proposed stochastic models.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Closed form solution,Flexible manufacturing cell (FMC),Performance analysis,Stochastic model
Operational risk modeling based on operational data fusion for multi-state manufacturing systems	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part O: Journal of Risk and Reliability	IMechE 2019.Predictive health analysis and diagnostics are essential functional elements of “Smart Manufacturing,” but existing studies are mostly limited to discrete manufacturing equipment without a holistic analysis on the entire system health state. In consideration of the enhancement of risk control in production quality management advocated in ISO 9001:2015, modeling and monitoring the risk during operation are the core aspects and bottlenecks for achieving prognostics. Therefore, a novel holistic operational risk modeling approach for discrete manufacturing systems is proposed by fusing the operational data to quantify the risk-oriented operational performance systematically. First, the connotation of operational risk is expounded and associated with system operational mechanism and mission reliability connotation. Second, a modeling foundation is proposed on the basis of quantifying machine, task execution and work-in-process quality from mission reliability framework in accordance with the operational data characteristics and properties. Third, operational risk evaluation is conducted using the above indicators, where reasonable aggregation of three indicators is performed by fuzzy evidence theory and the risk levels are determined. Finally, a case study is conducted to illustrate the effectiveness and advantages of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	fuzzy evidence theory,mission reliability,Multi-state manufacturing system,operational data,operational risk
A decision support system for a capacity management problem at a container terminal	2020	International Journal of Production Economics	2019 Elsevier B.V.This paper aims to design an optimization-based decision support system (DSS) for a capacity management problem in container terminals. The capacity management problem at a container terminal seeks to balance supply (equipment assignment) and demand (arrivals of trucks) while improving customer service level and productivity indicators. Specifically, this paper addresses the problem of determining the appointment quota for each time slot on a one-day planning horizon, within a container terminal working on a truck appointment system (TAS) environment. The DSS is developed in cooperation with an industrial partner to help them with their operational decision making when determining the appointment quotas, considering yard resource availability. The underlying approach makes use of a tabu search metaheuristic algorithm to solve a related optimization problem that balance the supply and demand of moves in the yard. The DSS is flexible, allowing several parameters to be configured and read from external files. Experimental examples using real-world data were conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the system, and the suitability of the DSS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	3	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Capacity management in port logistics,Container terminals,Decision support system,Tabu search
A critical review of the use of holonic paradigm in traffic and transportation systems	2020	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	2020 Elsevier LtdThe paper presents a critical review of the use of holonic paradigm in order to model and simulate traffic and transportation systems. After an introduction presenting the principles of this paradigm as well as its frameworks and concepts, the paper surveys existing works using the holonic paradigm for traffic and transportation applications. This is followed by a detailed analysis of the results of the survey. In particular, the relevance, the design approaches and the holonification orientation methodologies are investigated. Finally, based on this extensive review, open issues of holonic paradigm in modeling and simulation of traffic and transportation models are highlighted.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Cameroon	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Holonic manufacturing system,Holonic multi-agent system,Multilevel,Traffic,Transportation
Design of a Percutaneous MRI-Guided Needle Robot with Soft Fluid-Driven Actuator	2020	IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters	2016 IEEE.Percutaneous ablation is a standard therapy for most cases of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), which is a general type of primary liver cancer. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) offers high-contrast images of soft tissue to monitor the ablation procedure. However, the success of MRI-guided ablation still depends on precise intra-Tumor probe placement and skin insertion positioning, both of which require highly experienced operators, and can induce inter-operator variability in ablation results. In this letter, we present a semi-Automated robotic system for MRI-guided percutaneous needle procedures. The compact and lightweight design enables the direct fixture of robot on the patient body and simultaneous needle targeting at multiple locations with several robots. Accurate (0.89 ± 0.31 mm) needle navigation is achieved by incorporating soft fluid-driven actuators with feedback control and stiffness modulation capabilities. The 3D location of the needle guide is reconfirmed by wireless MR tracking coils. The performance of the robotic platform, such as stiffness, needle positioning accuracy and frequency response was experimentally evaluated. Negligible interference to MR imaging was also validated by an MR compatibility test.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Biomedical Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	medical robotics,MRI-guided interve-ntions,Percutaneous procedure,soft actuator
Optimized directed roadmap graph for multi-agent path finding using stochastic gradient descent	2020	Proceedings of the ACM Symposium on Applied Computing	2020 ACM.We present a novel approach called Optimized Directed Roadmap Graph (ODRM). It is a method to build a directed roadmap graph that allows for collision avoidance in multi-robot navigation. This is a highly relevant problem, for example for industrial autonomous guided vehicles. The core idea of ODRM is, that a directed roadmap can encode inherent properties of the environment which are useful when agents have to avoid each other in that same environment. Like Probabilistic Roadmaps (PRMs), ODRM's first step is generating samples from C-space. In a second step ODRM optimizes vertex positions and edge directions by Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD). This leads to emergent properties like edges parallel to walls and patterns similar to two-lane streets or roundabouts. Agents can then navigate on this graph by searching their path independently and solving occurring agent-agent collisions at run-time. Using the graphs generated by ODRM compared to an non-optimized graph significantly fewer agent-agent collisions happen. We evaluate our roadmap with both, centralized and decentralized planners. Our experiments show that with ODRM even a simple centralized planner can solve problems with high numbers of agents that other multi agent planners can not solve. Additionally, we use simulated robots with decentralized planners and online collision avoidance to show how agents are a lot faster on our roadmap than on standard grid maps.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Software	Multi-agent systems,Path planning
Automated driving for car manufacturers' vehicle logistics Fahrzeugautomatisierung in der Distributionslogistik	2020	At-Automatisierungstechnik	2020 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.Technical and legal challenges cause the implementation of Autonomous Driving in road traffic to still be a long way off. However, the introduction of driver assistance functions enables cars' automation for low speeds already nowadays. The concept of Autonomous Transport (AT) combines automated driving with Automated Guided Vehicle's technology. In this paper, we assess risks that emanate from AT and show fields of action for its implementation with respect to the standards for functional safety. We set up requirements for the reliability of cars' electric power supply, actuators and sensors. Concepts for their cost-efficient fulfillment are derived. The realization of collision avoidance and navigation without additional attachments is discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated driving,functional safety,vehicle logistics
Cross Process Coordinated Scheduling Problem Based on Hybrid Discrete Bat Algorithm 基于混合离散蝙蝠算法的跨工序协同调度问题	2020	Zhongguo Jixie Gongcheng/China Mechanical Engineering	2020, China Mechanical Engineering Magazine Office. All right reserved.Aiming at the problem of collaborative scheduling of production and distribution across processes, a collaborative scheduling model of single-machine batch processing in former process and order-by-order processing in latter process was constructed, and AGV circular distribution was adopted among the processes. A hybrid discrete bat algorithm, which is combined with simulated annealing algorithm and modified unstring and string algorithm, was designed to minimize the maximum completion time and waiting time before subsequent process. Compared with the improved discrete particle swarm optimization and Ullrich genetic algorithm, the proposed algorithm may reduce queue waiting time and production cycle of products.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	Automated guided vehicle(AGV),Coordinated scheduling,Cross process,Hybrid discrete bat algorithm
Optimization of road safety assessment algorithm for automatic driving vehicle	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2020 Institute of Physics Publishing. All rights reserved.Autonomous vehicles (self driving automobile), also known as driverless vehicle, computer-driven vehicle, or wheel mobile robot, is a kind of intelligent vehicle which realizes driverless through computer system. In the 20th century, it has a history of several decades, and in the beginning of the 21st century, it shows a trend of close to practicality. Autonomous Vehicles rely on the cooperation of artificial intelligence, visual computing, radar, monitoring devices and global positioning system, so that computers can automatically and safely operate motor vehicles without any active human operation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Assessment Algorithm,Automatic Driving Vehicle,Road Safety
Supervisor localisation for large-scale discrete-event systems under partial observation	2020	International Journal of Control	2018,  2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Recently we developed partial-observation supervisor localisation, a top-down approach to distributed control of discrete-event systems (DES) under partial observation. Its essence is the decomposition of the partial-observation monolithic supervisor into partial-observation local controllers for individual controllable events. In this paper, we extend the partial-observation supervisor localisation to large-scale DES, for which the monolithic supervisor may be incomputable. Specifically, we first employ an efficient heterarchical supervisor synthesis procedure to compute a heterarchical array of partial-observation decentralised supervisors and partial-observation coordinators. Then, we localise each of these supervisors/coordinators into partial-observation local controllers. This procedure suggests a systematic approach to the distributed control of large-scale DES under partial observation. The results are illustrated by a system of automatic guided vehicles serving a manufacturing workcell.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Discrete-event systems,partial observation,supervisory control
Location Sensing using QR codes via 2D camera for Automated Guided Vehicles	2020	2020 IEEE Sensors Applications Symposium, SAS 2020 - Proceedings	2020 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) have gradually played a key role in many industrial systems such as factories and logistics. The key factor for AGV to be adopted is cost effective and accurate location sensing capabilities. In this paper, QR codes are used as artificial landmarks for AGVs to perform location sensing. This work differs from conventional floor-grid-based QR codes for AGVs as location tags, this work proposes to use the distance and angle between a camera attached on an AGV and the QR codes that are strategically placed around a facility to compute the exact location of the AGV. Experiment is conducted to test on the accuracy of the computed distance and angle. The proposed localization approach allows self-localization on multi-AGV systems and by using QR codes, the ambiguity of finding unique landmarks in a facility can be eliminated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Instrumentation	None
Time-space network model and MILP formulation of the conflict-free routing problem of a capacitated AGV system	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2020 Elsevier LtdAutomated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used to transport materials in flexible manufacturing systems. This paper addresses an AGV routing problem known as the dispatch and conflict-free routing problem of a capacitated AGV system (DCFRPC). In the problem, we consider the additional constraints of collision avoidance, AGV capacities, and capacities of the machine buffers. We use a time-space network (TSN) to model the DCFRPC and formulate it as a mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) problem. In the TSN, we consider the flows of the AGVs and materials separately and then synchronize these flows considering the constraints in the formulation. This approach allows us to formulate the DCFRPC as a MILP problem. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed approach can find optimal solutions to the majority of instances examined in a previous study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	AGV system,Mixed-integer linear programming,Optimization,Time-space network
AGV localization system based on ultra‐wideband and vision guidance	2020	Electronics (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Aiming at the problems of low localization accuracy and complicated localization methods of the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in the current automatic storage and transportation process, a combined localization method based on the ultra‐wideband (UWB) and the visual guidance is proposed. Both the UWB localization method and the monocular vision localization method are applied to the indoor location of the AGV. According to the corner points of an ArUco code fixed on the AGV body, the monocular vision localization method can solve the pose information of the AGV by the PnP algorithm in real‐time. As an auxiliary localization method, the UWB localization method is called to locate the AGV coordinates. The distance from the tag on the AGV body to the surrounding anchors is measured by the time of flight (TOF) ranging algorithm, and the actual coordinates of the AGV are calculated by the trilateral centroid localization algorithm. Then, the localization data of the UWB is corrected by the mean compensation method to obtain a consistent and accurate localization trajectory. The experiment result shows that this localization system has an error of 15mm, which meets the needs of AGV location in the process of automated storage and transportation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Mean compensation,PnP algorithm,UWB,Visual localization
A mathematical model for multiple-load AGVs in tandem layout	2020	Journal of Optimization in Industrial Engineering	2020 Qazvin Islamic Azad University. All rights reserved.Reducing cost of material handling has been a big challenge for companies. Flexible manufacturing system employed automated guided vehicles (AGV) to maintain efficiency and flexibility. This paper presents a new non-linear mathematical programming model to group n machines into N loops, to make an efficient configuration for AGV system in Tandem layout. The model minimizes both inter-loop, intra-loop flow and use balanced-loops strategy to balance workload in system simultaneously. This paper significantly considers multiple-load AGVs, which has capability of reducing fleet size and waiting time of works. A modified variable neighborhood search method is applied for large size problems, which has good accuracy for small and medium size problems. The results indicate that using multiple load AGV instead of single load AGV will reduce system penalty cost up to 44%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Machine-to-loop assignment,Multiple-load,Tandem,Variable neighborhood search
Design and implementation of a multiple agv scheduling algorithm for a job-shop	2020	International Journal of Simulation Modelling	2020, DAAAM International Vienna. All rights reserved.Considering the actual needs of the job-shop, this paper establishes an experimental platform for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) with a six-wheel dual-drive mechanical structure, and designs a multi-AGV scheduling system for unmanned factories. The scheduling system works in the following steps: Firstly, the deviation of each AGV from the magnetic strip is calculated based on the data of the magnetic sensor, and the speeds of left and right drive wheels are adjusted based on the deviation, keeping the AGV moving stably on the magnetic strip. Next, the A* algorithm is called to plan a collision-free and efficient path. Finally, the conflict points and AGV priorities are determined by comparing the paths of different AGVs, and the paths are planned again if head-on collision may happen on the conflict points. In this way, multiple AGVs can operate coordinately on the same map. The proposed multi-AGV scheduling system was proved feasible through simulation and experiments. Our system can be applied widely in manufacturing factories to replace traditional manual handling and conveyor belt transmission, reduce labour cost, and improve production efficiency. (Received in September 2019, accepted in January 2020. This paper was with the authors 1 month for 1 revision.).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs),Job-Shop,Path Planning,Scheduling Algorithm
Zoning a Service Area of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles for Package Delivery Services	2020	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	2019, Springer Nature B.V.Package delivery services by deploying Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) have received considerable attention due to their significant potential benefits. One of the scenarios making the concept more attractive is to deploy large numbers of UAVs to properly handle increasing demands for the service by the units. However, it is challenging because it increases the difficulty of UAV control as well as the complexity of the scheduling problems involved in the service. To tackle the issues, we propose a systematic approach that decomposes a service area into several disjoint zones. Within a zone, a single UAV at most can be operated. To verify the advantages and performance of the proposed approach, we first optimize the zoning, i.e. a service area decomposition, applying Genetic Algorithm (GA). We then evaluate the service level of the package deliveries by UAVs under the proposed approach using a simulation model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Aerial space design,Unmanned Aerial Vehicle,Zoning
Massive MIMO Channel Measurement and Characterization for Manufacturing Scenario	2020	14th European Conference on Antennas and Propagation, EuCAP 2020	2020 EurAAP.One of the main differences between 5G and previous generations of cellular networks is that 5G supports not only mobile broadband enhancement, but also unprecedented reliability and very low latencies. This is beneficial to new applications in manufacturing scenario. In order to design a feasible wireless solution for manufacturing scenario, the particular characteristics of manufacturing environments need to be considered. In this paper, the massive MIMO channel measurement in factory was conducted, and the channel propagation in the spatial and frequency domains were analyzed and compared with a general indoor scenarios. Due to more metal reflections and big machine deployment, it was found that there were a lot of dense multipath so that the delay and angular spreads are larger than the ones in office scenario. Moreover, the effect of particular channel characteristics on communication system in a manufacturing scenario, was investigated in terms of CP (Cyclic Prefix) length and MIMO rank.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Instrumentation,Radiation	angular spread,delay spread,manufactury,Massive MIMO,MIMO channel rank.,propagation
Algorithm of Related Points Positioning Using Extended Kalman Filter	2020	Proceedings of the 2nd 2020 International Youth Conference on Radio Electronics, Electrical and Power Engineering, REEPE 2020	2020 IEEE.This research presents an approach for indoor maping of two related points in local navigation system. Also the algorithm could be easily generalized to multiple related points. This solution assumes using inexpensive ultra-wideband (UWB) radio systems with radio range measurements. One-way ranging (OWR) method is considered in this work. The location system includes a number of fixed base stations (anchors) with known position and tags (tracked points). Gain in positioning precision of two points with a priori known distance between them is presented. The solution is relevant for motion capture and 3D tracking systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Signal Processing,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Instrumentation,Radiation	Extended Kalman filter,indoor navigation,motion capture,OWR,related points
An Efficient Multi-AMR Control Framework for Parcel Sorting Centers	2020	2020 IEEE Sensors Applications Symposium, SAS 2020 - Proceedings	2020 IEEE.With the growth of eCommerce activities, there is an urgent need for robust logistics solutions to ensure mass and speedy parcel delivery. Upon the parcels are collected, one of the main issues is how to sort a large number of parcels efficiently. One of the solutions is to automate the sorting process in sorting centers by using autonomous mobile robots (AMRs). This paper investigates this solution and studies the multi-AMR control framework for automated parcel sorting centers. In the literature, various frameworks have been proposed for controlling multiple mobile robots under different scenarios. However, most of these existing frameworks may not be well-suited to the automated sorting center environment because the automated sorting center might contain a considerable number of robots moving at high speed. Thus, the routing decision of each robot and the traffic control would need to be done in real-time in order to alleviate congestion to increase the throughput. In this paper, an efficient framework is proposed for automated sorting centers in order to support many high-speed robots. In particular, the proposed framework uses two-layer hierarchical architecture, where all AMRs are considered as the clients of a centralized server. However, unlike traditional server/client architecture, the decision modules in the proposed framework are distributed between the server and clients. Such a design can shift some computationally expensive algorithms from the server-side to the client-side, and thus it is more scalable. The simulation results show that the proposed framework can achieve excellent results. For example, in a sorting center with an area of 2025m2, 410 robots are deployed, and they can handle nearly 30, 000 parcels in an hour with our proposed framework. Finally, this paper also explores the various possibilities to enhance the framework further.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	0	Computer Science Applications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Instrumentation	automated parcel sorting center,autonomous mobile robot,mobile robot control framework,robot routing algorithm.
Active Collision Avoidance System Design Based on Model Predictive Control with Varying Sampling Time	2020	Automotive Innovation	2020, China Society of Automotive Engineers (China SAE).In active collision avoidance, the trajectory tracking controller determines the deviation from the reference path and the vehicle stability. The main objective of this study was to reduce the tracking error and improve the tracking performance in collision avoidance. Unlike the previously proposed model predictive control (MPC) strategies with constant sampling time, an improved MPC controller with varying sampling time based on the hierarchical control framework was proposed in this paper. Compared with the original MPC tracking controller, the improved MPC controller demonstrated better adaptive capability for the varying road adhesion coefficients and vehicle speed on a curved road. The simulation results revealed that the hierarchical control framework generated an optimal trajectory for collision avoidance in real-time by minimizing the potential field energy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Automotive Engineering	Active collision avoidance,Improved MPC controller,Tracking control,Varying sampling time
Truck scheduling in tank terminals	2020	EURO Journal on Transportation and Logistics	2020 Association of European Operational Research Societies (EURO)Tank terminals play a significant role in the storage and international transportation of goods such as liquids and gases. This paper focuses on a real-world problem where trucks must be assigned to loading stations which connect to tanks containing the product to (un)load. The typically limited operational space results in a specific type of blocking where trucks may be blocked not only at their assigned loading station, but also on their way towards it. The difficulty of fully understanding the repercussions of scheduling trucks to certain loading positions makes it extremely challenging for human operators to schedule trucks efficiently. The problem is contrasted against a range of active problems from the scheduling literature in order to establish its unique scientific merit. We provide a mixed integer programming formulation for this problem and a heuristic approach. The heuristic outperforms an estimation of the dispatching rules currently enforced by terminals, thereby providing such terminals with a practical tool for optimizing their operations. Moreover, in order to stimulate further research, a set of instances derived from real-world data has been made publicly available.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	0	Modeling and Simulation,Transportation,Management Science and Operations Research	Blocking constraints,Conflict-free scheduling,Heuristics,Tank terminals,Truck scheduling
A Modular Integration Design of LCL Circuit Featuring Field Enhancement and Misalignment Tolerance for Wireless EV Charging	2020	Conference Proceedings - IEEE Applied Power Electronics Conference and Exposition - APEC	2020 IEEE.One of the major challenges of high-order wireless charging circuit is to reduce the system volume and cost induced by its additional components. Based on an LCL-S circuit, this paper proposes a modular integration design, in which an identical compensation inductor and transmitter are closely coupled. A new compensation method is derived to enable zero phase angle (ZPA) and constant current (CC) output. Identical currents are fed into the same reference terminals of both inductors to enable transmission field enhancement and to eliminate reactive power flow between the inductors. A misalignment tolerant coil is used to improve the output power stability under random parking imperfection. The proposed integration design achieves enhanced transmission capacity. Experiments are carried out to verify the proposed design.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	field enhancement,high-order resonant network,magnetic integration,misalignment tolerance,modular coil design,wireless charging
A Comparison of Visual Attention Guiding Approaches for 360° Image-Based VR Tours	2020	Proceedings - 2020 IEEE Conference on Virtual Reality and 3D User Interfaces, VR 2020	2020 IEEE.Mechanisms for guiding a user's visual attention to a particular point of interest play a crucial role in areas such as collaborative VR and AR, cinematic VR, and automated or live guided tour experiences in xR-based education. The attention guiding mechanism serves as a communication tool that helps users find entities currently not visible in their view, referenced for instance by another user or in some accompanying audio commentary. We report on a user study in which we compared three different visual guiding mechanisms (arrow, butterfly guide, and radar) in the context of 360° image-based educational VR tour applications of real-world sites. A fourth condition with no guidance tool available was added as a baseline. We investigate the question: How do the different approaches compare in terms of target finding performance and participants' assessments of the experiences. While all three mechanisms were perceived as improvements over the no-guidance condition and resulted in significantly improved target finding times, the arrow mechanism stands out as the most generally accepted and favored approach, whereas the other two (butterfly guide and radar) received a more polarized assessment due to their specific strengths and drawbacks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Science Applications,Human-Computer Interaction,Media Technology	Empirical studies in HCI,Empirical studies in visualization,Human-centered computing,Human-centered computing,Human-centered computing,Human-centered computing,User studies,Virtual reality
Assembly transport optimization for a reconfigurable flow shop based on a discrete event simulation	2020	Advances in Production Engineering And Management	2020 CPE, University of Maribor. All rights reserved.Reconfigurable Manufacturing Systems (RMSs) are widely used to produce small batches of customized products in the current manufacturing environment. We comprehensively optimized the assembly transport strategy, production process, and production configuration of a reconfigurable flow shop (RFS). Firstly, three assembly transfer strategies, one‐to‐one, one‐to‐many, and many‐to‐many, are proposed for an RFS, given the specific process limitations. In addition, a production simulation model of the RFS is established by the Plant Simulation software to verify and compare those three strategies with realistic production constraints considered. Moreover, the production processes are optimized, and the optimal buffer configuration and vehicle configuration are optimized by the design of experiment (DOE) method. After the optimization processes, the throughput and facility utilization under each strategy increases significantly. Additionally, the optimal buffer size and vehicle quantity under each strategy are determined and compared. The one‐to-one strategy can maximize the production output, but it requires the most production resources. In addition, the many‐to‐many strategy is more efficient than the one‐to‐many strategy. Our study provides a variety of assembly transport strategies for an RFS and offers an efficient optimization method for production performance and production configuration.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Nuclear and High Energy Physics,Mechanical Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management of Technology and Innovation	Assembly transport strategy,Discrete event simulation,Optimization,Plant Simulation,Production configuration,Production performance,Reconfigurable flow shop,Reconfigurable manufacturing systems (RMS),Simulation modelling
Investigation of vibration induced by moving cranes in high-tech factories	2020	Journal of Low Frequency Noise Vibration and Active Control	The Author(s) 2019.A finite element model was developed to simulate the crane induced vibration on the floor of high-tech factories, in which the mesh include beam, plate, spring-damper, and moving wheel elements. The finite element results were first compared with the experimental measurements in good agreement. The parametric studies were then performed to study the vibration behavior of high-tech factories due to the effects of rail irregularities, slab depth, and crane speed. The rail irregularities induce the vibration of the crane and slab at their natural frequencies, and both rail irregularities and the crane acceleration induce the crane rotation in its natural frequency, so that smoothing the wheel and rail should be the first priority to decrease slab vibration. The crane speed is another important issue to influence slab vibration, which decreases with the reduction of the crane speed clearly from the parametric study. Thus, decreasing the crane speed to reduce slab vibration is an alternative, and experiments are caused to find the optimal crane speed and acceleration. The crane induced vibration is the relatively largest and smallest at the column location and beam center, respectively. Therefore, increasing the slab and beam depth to decrease the slab vibration induced by the moving crane is an additional option.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Acoustics and Ultrasonics,Mechanics of Materials,Geophysics,Mechanical Engineering	Ambient,crane,finite element method,high-tech factory,moving wheel element,one-third octave band,rail irregularity,vibration
Lightweight obstacle detector based on scattered IR and Lock-In filtering	2020	Infrared Physics and Technology	2019 Elsevier B.V.Obstacle detection in autonomous navigation involves the processing of the environment information obtained from sensors, such as LIDAR, radar, ultrasonic, magnetic and capacitive. Imaging techniques like stereoscopy, optical flux, and deep image, have been used for precise object detection but with a high computational cost. These sensors also have disadvantages like weight, its size or power consumption. The case of systems with lasers added like in LIDAR can be harmful to people. Ultrasonic sensors are safer for people but the signal to noise ratio decreases in outdoors. IR sensors are cheap and can be clustered to strength signal, however, additional sources of radiation can affect the measurement especially in outdoors. In this work, we propose an IR system with adequate spatial configuration and electronic filters to detect objects indoors and outdoors by means of scattered IR radiation centered at 940 nm. The developed sensor has the following specs: Front area dimensions is 5x5 cm that includes 10 IR LEDs at the center and a Si detector in each corner. The approximated detection volume is 17,000 cm3, considering a detection cone length of 300 cm and a solid angle of 30 degrees. Total system weight is 40 g. System was tested with four experiments to evaluate signal filtering, effect of object surface roughness, repeatability and working sensitivity region. This evaluation allowed to make a comparison with traditional Obstacle Detection System techniques, giving advantages in almost all parameters considered, allowing us to conclude that developed system can detect objects in indoors and outdoors, in a region suitable for aerial and surface vehicles or blind persons.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Condensed Matter Physics	Avoidance sensor,Lock-In filter,NIR scattering,Obstacle detection,Unmanned vehicle
VCA Protocol-Based Multilevel Flexible Architecture on Embedded PLCs for Visual Servo Control	2020	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	1982-2012 IEEE.Visual, motion control, and programmable logic controller (PLC) systems are becoming increasingly inseparable and important in manufacturing. However, the types of programs and hardware used in these systems are numerous, and there are many communication protocols and mixed development methods among the systems; meanwhile, the requirements and complexities of these systems are ever growing. All these factors hinder application implementation for users, and very few reported studies have researched the integration of these three systems to ease complexity. Most of these studies have focused on individual applications. In this paper, we propose a multilevel flexible architecture based on a vision control algorithm (VCA) protocol. This multilevel architecture includes a flexible layer, a control layer, and an algorithm layer. The flexible layer is used to seamlessly integrate the visual system and the embedded PLC (ePLC). The VCA protocol is designed for data interactions between the layers. Correspondingly, customized hardware, memory allocation, and Petri-net-based multithreading structure of the proposed architecture are described in detail. Then, two cases are implemented: a winding machine with a visual system that obtains a regular winding effect by correcting θ, and a binocular catching robot uses cameras to track the trajectory and successfully catch a ball by adjusting speed and position. The results indicate that the proposed VCA-based architecture could easily be applied to two very different scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Embedded PLC,motion control,multilevel architecture,Petri net,visual servo control
Evaluation of smart alarm systems for industry 4.0 technologies	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.Traditionally, the footwear industry is labor intensive, and cost control is key to ensuring shoe companies can be competitive. The development of Industry 4.0 concepts, used in high-tech industries and blockchain production information systems, enables the creation of smart factories with online alarm management systems, to improve manufacturing efficiency and reduce human resource requirements. In this paper, the performances of the causal association assessment model and the technique for order preference by similarity to the ideal solution (TOPSIS) model in evaluating large data blockchain technologies and quality online real-time early warning systems for production and raw material supplier management are compared, to increase the intelligence of production and to manage product traceability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Cause-effect grey relational analysis (CEGRA),Collaborative technology,Industry 4.0,Intelligent alarm management system (IAMS),Medium-sized enterprise,Technique for order preference by similarity to the ideal solution (TOPSIS)
Multi-UAV Formation Control Based on a Novel Back-Stepping Approach	2020	IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology	1967-2012 IEEE.This paper addressed a well-documented open problem regarding multiple unmanned aerial vehicles (multi-UAVs) formation keeping. A cooperative guidance control method based on the back-stepping approach is proposed to rapidly form the desired formation and reach the multi-UAV steady state. The UAV formation system consists of four UAVs, forming a regular triangle formation. One of the UAVs is a virtual leader and is located at the center of the triangle; the other three UAVs are located at the vertices of the triangle. The forward speed of leader is used as the forward direction of the formation, and the followers follow the leader in a formation flight. The error dynamics model of each follower is established by using the leader guidance mechanism, and the communication mode between any two UAVs is established based on graph theory. In addition, the guidance control law is obtained via the back-stepping approach. We reasonably construct the Lyapunov function to prove the stability of the proposed cooperative guidance control law in formation aggregation and keeping. Moreover, the proposed method is compared with the model prediction method (MPC) and the Lyapunov method to further verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. The simulation results show that each UAV can converge to the desired motion trajectory and fly in the desired formation with fast convergence speed and small steady-state error.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Back-stepping approach,Cooperative guidance control law,Lyapunov function,Steady-state error,UAV formation
An adaptive sliding mode controller based on online support vector regression for nonlinear systems	2020	Soft Computing	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.In this paper, a novel adaptive sliding mode controller (SMC) based on support vector regression (SVR) is introduced for nonlinear systems. The closed-loop margin notion introduced for self-tuning regulators is rearranged in order to optimize the parameters of SMC. The proposed adjustment mechanism consists of an online SVR to identify the forward dynamics of the controlled system and SMC parameter estimators realized by separate online SVRs to approximate each tunable controller parameter. The performance of the proposed control architecture has been evaluated by simulations performed on a nonlinear continuously stirred tank reactor system, and the obtained results indicate that the SMC based on SVR provides robust and stable closed-loop performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Geometry and Topology	Sliding mode control,Stability analysis,Support vector regression,SVR-based parameter estimator,SVR-based SMC
Design of Mobile Robot Control Infrastructure Based on Decision Trees and Adaptive Potential Area Methods	2020	Iranian Journal of Science and Technology - Transactions of Electrical Engineering	2019, Shiraz University.There have been a great number of studies in the scope of mobile robot systems. The most critical tasks in these systems are control and path planning. The main goal of the control task is to develop a stable control system. On the other hand, the basic motivation in the path planning task is to find a safe path with an acceptable cost. In most researches, a moving robot is considered as a point mass object and only the simulation experiments are applied. In this study, a decision tree-based mobile robot control has been developed for a static indoor environment hosting obstacle(s). The camera has been hung vertically (eye-out-device configuration) to obtain the configuration area map and track the wheeled mobile robot (WMR). A suitable path plan has been extracted with the adaptive artificial potential field (APF) method on the image obtained from the camera. Virtual distance sensors are used to calculate the potentials for APF. A decision tree-based controller has been developed to model the motion characteristics of the robot. A trigonometry-based approach is used to calculate the controller inputs. The controller has steered the WMR on the path in real time. Both simulation and real-world experiments have been conducted on a WMR in different configuration spaces. It has been determined that the designed system is convenient for controlling the WMR. The data obtained are compared to show the difference between the desired and actual path planning results. The efficiency of the controller method has been greatly improved by using dynamic parameters in the control modules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	1	Signal Processing,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Decision tree,Path planning,Potential field,Visual-based control
Adaptive Control of a Two-Link Flexible Manipulator Using a Type-2 Neural Fuzzy System	2020	Arabian Journal for Science and Engineering	2020, King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals.This paper presents a simple novel intelligent control scheme. The devised control scheme is a Takagi Sugeno Kang (TSK)- based type-2 neural fuzzy system (NFS) with a self-tuning mechanism optimized via a conjugate gradient (CG) method. Defuzzification phase of the NFS comprises T-norms rather than the conventional product–sum combination. The proposed control scheme is incorporated with a two-link flexible manipulator (TLFM), which belongs to the class of multi-body discrete/distributed, nonlinear, infinite-dimensional and highly coupled systems. The finite-dimensional model is acquired by using an assumed mode method (AMM). The truncated model has uncertainties, which makes it a difficult control problem. The control objective is to accomplish angular maneuvering of the TLFM links while regulating their intrinsic fluctuations. For an extensive analysis, the proposed control scheme is compared with a TSK model-based type-1 NFS and an adaptive proportional integral derivative (APID) control scheme. The simulation results demonstrate that the proposed control scheme exhibits better position tracking and vibration regulation capabilities compared to the other intelligent control schemes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	1	Multidisciplinary	Assumed mode method,Conjugate gradient,Flexible manipulator,Neural fuzzy systems,Steepest descent,Takagi sugeno kang
Modeling and Optimal Cyclic Scheduling of Time-Constrained Single-Robot-Arm Cluster Tools via Petri Nets and Linear Programming	2020	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2013 IEEE.Scheduling a cluster tool with wafer residency time constraints is challenging and important in wafer manufacturing. With a backward strategy, the scheduling problem of such single-robot-arm cluster tools is well-studied in the literature. It is much more challenging to schedule a more general case whose optimal scheduling strategy is not limited to the backward one. This work uses a timed Petri net (PN) to model the dynamic behavior of the system and presents a method to determine the optimal scheduling strategy for the system. Based on its PN model and the obtained strategy, it reveals that the key issue to schedule such a tool is to determine when and how long the robot should wait for. Based on this finding, this work establishes for the first time the necessary and sufficient conditions regarding the existence of an optimal and feasible one-wafer cyclic schedule for single-robot-arm cluster tools. It then formulates a computationally efficient linear program to find it if existing, and finally gives industrial examples to show the application and power of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	7	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cluster tools,cyclic scheduling,discrete event systems,parallel modules,Petri net (PN),robotic manufacturing cell,scheduling,wafer manufacturing
Transformation towards smart factory system: Examining new job profiles and competencies	2020	Systems Research and Behavioral Science	2019 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.This paper increases understanding of the concept of smart factories system and its implementation in the automotive industry in terms of addressing necessary changes in human aspect of system, namely, employees' competencies, as well as to new job profiles. A qualitative research approach was used by utilizing a case study of the automotive industry in Slovenia. For the purpose of data collection, we used a semistructured interview on a sample of experts from governmental, educational, and private automotive sectors. In order to analyse gathered data, we used the method of content analysis. Research results indicate that significant changes are essential in the transformation from traditional to a smart factory system, especially regarding organizational mindset, the architecture of system and its processes, and the inclusion of Industry 4.0 technologies at all levels. Also, results indicate changes are essential regarding future job profiles and competencies. Although there are different perceptions about future jobs and competencies needed for Industry 4.0-induced changes, depending on the sector in which the expert is employed, there is an overall agreement that job profiles related to programming, mechatronics, robotics, data analysis, Internet of Things, design, and maintenance of smart systems, process analysis, and bionics are the new job profiles needed in smart factory systems. In addition to the high emphasis on technical skill and knowledge, soft competencies are considered important, as well as competencies of continues learning, flexibility, creativity, problem solving, critical, and analytical thinking. Our findings possess important implications for conceptualizing job profiles and competencies in smart factories systems and practical implications for managers concerned with human resource management activities. We provide an outlook to the future job profiles that are underresearched, especially in the field of smart manufacturing. As well, our paper provides insight into the importance of different competencies recognized as crucial for complete functioning and optimal performance of smart factories system. This study provides a starting point for further research regarding human resource management issues in smart factories in the automotive sector, especially related to future job profiles and employee competencies, and their role in system performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovenia	15	Social Sciences (all),Strategy and Management,Information Systems and Management	competencies,Industry 4.0,job profile,Slovenia,smart factory
Humans interacting with multi-robot systems: a natural affect-based approach	2020	Autonomous Robots	2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This paper proposes a novel human–multi-robot-system interaction approach that enjoys two main features: natural interaction and affect-based adaptation of robots behavior. Specifically, the proposed system enables interaction by means of a wrist-worn device, such as a commercial smartwatch, which allows to track user’s movements and heart activity. Thus, on the one side, the proposed system allows the user to intuitively drive the robots by establishing a natural mapping between wrist movements and robots velocity. On the other side, the system estimates user’s mental fatigue during interaction by means of the analysis of heart rate variability. The proposed interaction system adapts then the behavior of the multi-robot system when the interacting user gets overwhelmed with the interaction and control task, which is then simplified. Experimental validation is provided, to show the effectiveness of the proposed system. First, the natural and affect-based interaction are considered separately. Then, the approach is tested considering a complex realistic scenario, which is simulated in virtual reality in order to get an immersive and realistic interaction experience. The results of the experimental validation clearly show that the proposed affect-based adaptive system leads to relieving the user’s fatigue and mental workload.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	1	Artificial Intelligence	Affective robotics,Human–centred robotics,Human–multi-robot-system interaction,Natural ineraction
A ferrobotic system for automated microfluidic logistics	2020	Science Robotics	2020 The Authors, some rights reserved; exclusive licensee American Association for the Advancement of Science. No claim to original U.S. Government WorksAutomated technologies that can perform massively parallelized and sequential fluidic operations at small length scales can resolve major bottlenecks encountered in various fields, including medical diagnostics, -omics, drug development, and chemical/material synthesis. Inspired by the transformational impact of automated guided vehicle systems on manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution industries, we devised a ferrobotic system that uses a network of individually addressable robots, each performing designated micro-/nanofluid manipulation-based tasks in cooperation with other robots toward a shared objective. The underlying robotic mechanism facilitating fluidic operations was realized by addressable electromagnetic actuation of miniature mobile magnets that exert localized magnetic body forces on aqueous droplets filled with biocompatible magnetic nanoparticles. The contactless and high-strength nature of the actuation mechanism inherently renders it rapid (~10 centimeters/ second), repeatable (>10,000 cycles), and robust (>24 hours). The robustness and individual addressability of ferrobots provide a foundation for the deployment of a network of ferrobots to carry out cross-collaborative logistics efficiently. These traits, together with the reconfigurability of the system, were exploited to devise and integrate passive/active advanced functional components (e.g., droplet dispensing, generation, filtering, and merging), enabling versatile system-level functionalities. By applying this ferrobotic system within the framework of a microfluidic architecture, the ferrobots were tasked to work cross-collaboratively toward the quantification of active matrix metallopeptidases (a biomarker for cancer malignancy and inflammation) in human plasma, where various functionalities converged to achieve a fully automated assay.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	None
Coordinated management and control of autonomous traffic systems 自动驾驶交通系统的协同管控技术	2020	Kexue Tongbao/Chinese Science Bulletin	2020, Science Press. All right reserved.The rapid development of autonomous driving technology in the past decade has brought unprecedented opportunities and challenges to the coordinated management and control of traffic systems. Compared to human drivers, autonomous vehicles (AV) are equipped with shorter reaction time and better situational awareness, promising to increase the throughput of existing road networks, dramatically improve safety and robustness, and reduce the instability of vehicular traffic flow. Moreover, controlling the route, lane and even trajectory of every AV in a network could effectively eliminate excessive congestion caused by “selfish” human travel and driving behaviors. This ability to coordinate the entire AV fleet thus has important implications for planning the next-generation “smart” road systems. In this paper we consider the coordinated management and control of AV fleets from both macroscopic and microscopic perspectives. The former focuses on how coordinating macroscopic travel decisions, such as route, departure time and mode (e. g., ridesharing vs. micro-transit), might help reduce traffic congestion caused by what is widely known as the price of anarchy in transportation. While the underlying idea is simply moving the system from a user equilibrium state to a system optimal one, the challenge is to model the complex interactions between autonomous and human-driven vehicles, to anticipate how human drivers would behave in such an environment, and to design effective, fair and practical schemes to achieve the goal. What we learn from these efforts could potentially impact infrastructure planning, especially in terms of whether and how AVs should be separated from human-driven vehicles on road. On the other hand, because AVs can be programmed to remember and execute all maneuvers in a journey, much like the auto pilot for airplanes and high-speed trains, the entire trajectory of their journey, not just the aforementioned macroscopic travel decisions, may be targeted for the purpose of traffic management. Here, the focus is to manage the microscopic maneuvers (e. g., lane changing and gap-keeping behaviors) of a fleet of AVs to improve the performance of the road network. An interesting analogy can be drawn between this task and the task of managing a railway network in which many fast moving trains operate. Accordingly, the lanes on highways may be viewed as “virtual tracks” in an imaginary railway network. There is an extensive literature on railway operations from which one can draw useful mathematical tools and empirical results. A primary challenge to operationalize this analogy is the enormous computational requirement caused by both the sheer size of the problem, as well as the short time framework (seconds or shorter) within which such a coordinated management and control decision must be made.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	Autonomous driving,Coordinated management and control,Robustness,Safety,Smart road systems
An Optimal Controller for Trajectory Tracking of Automated Guided Vehicle	2020	SAE Technical Papers	2019 SAE International. All rights reserved.A trajectory tracking strategy for an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is presented in this paper, containing a hybrid algorithm of a preview feedforward control and a feedback control via linear quadratic regulator (LQR). The purpose of trajectory tracking is to decrease the position and orientation errors between the trajectory and AGV. The vehicle - road dynamics model applied to establish the relationship between vehicle and trajectory and accurately describes plant motion. The preview feedforward control is adopted to solve time delay of steering mechanism in trajectory tracking. The feedback control via LQR is applied to decrease the errors caused by environmental disturbances. For real-time embedded system, the optimal gain is calculated offline and is used by lookup table online, which could reduce the computation time. The results of tests on a practical AGV system demonstrate the effectiveness and accuracy of the strategy presented in this paper.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Infinitely repeated game based real-time scheduling for low-carbon flexible job shop considering multi-time periods	2020	Journal of Cleaner Production	2019 Elsevier LtdProduction scheduling has great significance for optimizing tasks distribution, reducing energy consumption and mitigating environmental degradation. Currently, the research of production scheduling considering energy consumption mainly focuses on the traditional manufacturing workshop. With the wide application of the Internet of Things (IoT) technology, the real-time data of manufacturing resources and production processes can be retrieved easily. These manufacturing data can provide opportunities for manufacturing enterprises to reduce energy consumption and enhance production efficiency. To achieve these targets, a multi-period production planning based real-time scheduling (MPPRS) approach for the IoT-enabled low-carbon flexible job shop (LFJS) is presented in this study to carry out real-time scheduling based on the real-time manufacturing data. Then, the mathematical models of real-time scheduling are established to achieve production efficiency improvement and energy consumption reduction. To obtain a feasible solution, an infinitely repeated game optimization approach is used. Finally, a case study is implemented to analyse and discuss the effectiveness of the proposed method. The results show that in general, the proposed method can achieve better results than the existing dynamic scheduling methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Energy consumption,Flexible job shop,Infinitely repeated game,Real-time scheduling
Q(λ) learning-based dynamic route guidance algorithm for overhead hoist transport systems in semiconductor fabs	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2019,  2019 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.A learning-based dynamic routing algorithm is proposed for the overhead hoist transport (OHT) systems of semiconductor fabrication facilities (fabs). An OHT system, which consists of multiple vehicles moving at high speeds on guided rails, is the primary automated material-handling system (AMHS) in a fab. Modern large-scale fabs have hundreds of vehicles moving lots between multiple processing machines. The dynamic routing method is a route guidance method that dynamically selects the best vehicle paths under given traffic conditions and congestion levels. Building on the Q(λ) learning method, we develop a reinforcement learning-based dynamic routing algorithm called QLBWR(λ), which consists of a Boltzmann softmax policy and a reward function. The proposed algorithm uses real-time information to effectively guide each vehicle so that it avoids congestion and finds an efficient path. The algorithm is also designed with a low computational burden, such that the efficient route can be found for hundreds of vehicles in real time. Simulation analyses on an actual fab layout are used to compare the performance of the proposed algorithm with common static and dynamic algorithms. The results show that the proposed algorithm outperforms the benchmarking algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	5	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated material handling system,overhead hoist transport,Q learning,reinforcement learning,routing,semiconductor manufacturing
Trajectory Tracking Control for Double-steering Automated Guided Vehicle Based on Model Predictive Control	2020	Journal of Physics: Conference Series	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In order to solve the trajectory tracking control problem of double-steering automated guided vehicle (AGV), considering various constraints in practical work, a trajectory tracking controller based on model predictive control is designed. Firstly, the kinematic model of double-steering AGV is established. Then, a trajectory tracking model based on model predictive control is designed to achieve fast and accurate tracking performance. Finally, the influence of the predicted time-domain length on the system performance is analyzed by simulation, and the simulation experiment is compared with that of the AGV based on the proportional integral differential trajectory tracking controller. The experiment result shows that the model predictive controller can meet all kinds of constraints in actual work, and complete the tracking of the continuous high curvature target path efficiently and accurately in real-time with high robustness.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Physics and Astronomy (all)	None
Distributed multi-antenna positioning for automatic-guided vehicle	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Radio-based positioning systems are typically utilized to provide high-precision position information for automatic-guided vehicles (AGVs). However, the presence of obstacles in harsh environments, as well as carried cargoes on the AGV, will degrade the localization performance, since they block the propagation of radio signals. In this paper, a distributed multi-antenna positioning system is proposed, where multiple synchronous antennas are equipped on corners of an AGV to improve the availability and accuracy of positioning. An estimator based on the Levenberg– Marquardt algorithm is introduced to solve the nonlinear pseudo-range equations. To obtain the global optimal solutions, we propose a coarse estimator that utilizes the displacement knowledge of the antennas to provide a rough initial guess. Simulation results show a better availability of our system compared with the single antenna positioning system. Decimeter accuracy can be obtained under a Gaussian measurement noise with a standard deviation of 0.2 m. The results also demonstrate that the proposed algorithm can achieve positioning accuracy close to the theoretical Cramer–Rao lower bound. Furthermore, given prior information of the yaw angle, the same level of accuracy can be obtained by the proposed algorithm without the coarse estimation step.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic-guided vehicles,Distributed multi-antenna positioning,Levenberg-Marquardt
A novel LiDAR data classification algorithm combined capsnet with resnet	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.LiDAR data contain feature information such as the height and shape of the ground target and play an important role for land classification. The effect of convolutional neural network (CNN) for feature extraction on LiDAR data is very significant, however CNN cannot resolve the spatial relationship of features adequately. The capsule network (CapsNet) can identify the spatial variations of features and is widely used in supervised learning. In this article, the CapsNet is combined with the residual network (ResNet) to design a deep network-ResCapNet for improving the accuracy of LiDAR classification. The capsule network represents the features by vectors, which can account for the direction of the features and the relative position between the features. Therefore, more detailed feature information can be extracted. ResNet protects the integrity of information by passing input information to the output directly, which can solve the problem of network degradation caused by information loss in the traditional CNN propagation process to a certain extent. Two different LiDAR data sets and several classic machine learning algorithms are used for comparative experiments. The experimental results show that ResCapNet proposed in this article `improve the performance of LiDAR classification.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Capsule network (CapsNet),Convolutional neural network (CNN),Deep learning,Image classification,Residual network (ResNet)
An AGV Control Algorithm in Automated Terminal Based on Ant-agent 基于Ant-agent的自动化码头AGV控制算法	2020	Jiaotong Yunshu Xitong Gongcheng Yu Xinxi/Journal of Transportation Systems Engineering and Information Technology	Copyright  2020 by Science Press.In order to solve the problem of automated guided vehicle (AGV) path conflict and road deadlock in the automated terminal horizontal transportation area, improving transportation efficiency, AGV is treated as Ant-agent, carrying the pheromone with negative feedback mechanism into the transportation network. A new state transition rule is established on the basis of the congestion and its threshold [q]. A solution mechanism for node conflicts and path congestion is constructed. As a result, the AGV control algorithm based on Ant-agent is proposed. The optimal parameter combination of the algorithm is determined through the method of two-stage uniform design test. Simulation result indicates that compared with traditional dynamic path planning algorithms, the collision avoidance performance, unlocking performance and transportation efficiency of the algorithm are greatly improved. It can effectively solve AGV path conflicts and deadlocks, as well as improve transportation efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Ant-agent,Automated guided vehicle,Control algorithm,Intelligent transportation,Path conflict,Road deadlock
Whole architecture design of automated guided vehicle system 一种AGV系统的整体架构设计	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.To reduce the load pressure of the ground system, a Framework of AGV System (FAGVS) was proposed. The framework uses the idea of distributed collaboration to move some functions of ground system down to the vehicle system, and made use of distributed computing capability of vehicle system to enable AGV vehicles to cooperate to complete transportation tasks. The whole system was reconstructed by this design, which could not only reduce the pressure of ground control system, but also made AGV have the ability of autonomous movement. FAGVS was defined formally, the relationship between modules was described, and some key technologies was discussed. The advantages and disadvantages of FAGVS and general AGV systems were compared through experiments. The successful application of AGV in factories showed that the proposed architecture was applicable and had definite practical value.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle system,Distributed collaboration,Ground control system,Intelligent manufacturing,System architecture
Methodology for a Gradual Migration from a Centralized towards a Decentralized Control in AGV Systems	2020	2020 6th International Conference on Mechatronics and Robotics Engineering, ICMRE 2020	2020 IEEE.In this paper, a methodology is presented which aims at transforming an existing industrial Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) control architecture from a centralized to a more decentralized architecture in a gradual way. Modern AGV control systems operate mainly in a centralized way. However, literature shows that centralized systems are not suitable to control a large AGV fleet, especially in future flexible manufacturing systems. Research towards a decentralized control of these systems is already very elaborated and industry shows a clear interest in this type of control for AGV systems. However, in literature, the proposed decentralized architectures are rather radical, causing the implementation of them being a real boundary for industrial manufacturers. Still today, the gap between academia and industry is very large which is the reason why industrial AGV systems still work in a centralized fashion, despite the abundance on decentralized algorithms in literature. To overcome this issue, this paper proposes a methodology which facilitates the implementation of decentralized architectures for AGV control in practice. By separating the core AGV control tasks and modularize them by converting them to intelligent Task Agents, a gradual migration between the two architectures will be feasible in practice. This work can be beneficial for industrial RD centers which are conducting research towards AGV control as well as for AGV manufacturers and consumers who want to decentralize their AGV fleet in a feasible and manageable way.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	0	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	Automated Guided Vehicles,Decentralization,Emergent Control Architecture,Gradual Migration Methodology,Task Agents
AGV navigation analysis based on multi-sensor data fusion	2020	Multimedia Tools and Applications	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.For the navigation problem of differential AGV, its motion model was established, and the inertial guidance method based on multi-sensor was adopted. The encoder, gyro, acceleration sensor, ultrasonic sensor and infrared sensor were selected to establish the Kalman filter multi-sensor. And the models and algorithms of the data fusion navigation and the obstacle avoidance were proposed. Further, the simulation calculation was conducted. The research results show that the navigation accuracy of AGV and navigation performance were improved by the method discussed in the paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Media Technology,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	AGV,Data fusion,Kalman filter,Multi-sensor,Navigation
SVM-based image partitioning for vision recognition of AGV guide paths under complex illumination conditions	2020	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2019 Elsevier LtdApplying computer vision to mobile robot navigation has been studied more than two decades. For the commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) automated guided vehicles (AGV) products, the cameras are still not widely used for the acquisition of guidance information from the environment. One of the most challenging problems for a vision guidance system of AGVs lies in the complex illumination conditions. Compared to the applications of computer vision where on-machine cameras are fixed in place, it is difficult to structure the illumination circumstance for an AGV that needs to travel through a large work space. In order to distinguish the original color features of path images from their illumination artifacts, an illumination-adaptive image partitioning approach is proposed based on the support vector machine (SVM) classifier with the slack constraint and the kernel function, which is utilized to divide a path image to low-, normal-, and high-illumination regions automatically. Moreover, an intelligent path recognition method is developed to carry out guide color enhancement and adaptive threshold segmentation in different regions. Experimental results show that the SVM-based classifier has the satisfactory generalization ability, and the illumination-adaptive path recognition approach has the high adaptability to the complex illumination conditions, when recognizing the path pixels in the field of view with both high-reflective and dark-shadow regions. The 98% average rate of path recognition will significantly facilitate the subsequent operation of path fitting for vision guidance of AGVs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Illumination-adaptive processing,Image processing,Path recognition,Support vector machine,Vision guidance
Development of an autonomous two-wheeled robotic stacker prototype	2020	International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Robotics Research	2020 by the authors.A robotic stacker serves to lift, deliver, retrieve, and place items from one position to another. Different designs for robotic stackers have already been developed. Mobility is one characteristic of robotic stacker; this gives it the freedom to travel from one location to another. Different gripping mechanisms for the interaction with the items have also been tested by previous researchers. This research study aims to design and evaluate an autonomous two-wheeled robotic stacker prototype that will stack cylinders based on weight. The controller used for the robotic stacker is the Arduino Mega 2560. The robotic stacker uses a two-finger gripping mechanism and arm to accomplish the stacking process. For movement, a line following system was developed. Three FC-123 infrared sensors are used for the line following system. For positioning, radio-frequency identification (RFID) tags are placed on the path and serve as stopping points. A RFID reader is then attached on the robotic stacker. Three load balances weigh the three cylinders for stacking order. Stacking of the cylinders is by weight, with the heaviest cylinder at the bottom. For the results, the pose accuracy of the arm-gripper assembly was ±0.1333 mm and ±0.2583 mm, during no load and maximum load operation respectively. The pose repeatability of the arm-gripper assembly was ±1.2521 mm and ±0.8112 mm, during no load and maximum load operation respectively. After final testing, the total stack offset was 16.13 mm. Distance accuracy was found to be ±1.933 mm, while the distance repeatability was ±10.6128 mm. Data from the trials were not sufficient to show a correlation between the attained distances and the stack offset.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Philippines	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Line following,RFID point location system,Robotic stacker,Stack alignment,Two-finger gripper
Considering the influence of queue length on performance improvement for a new compact robotic automated parking system	2020	International Journal of Information Management	2019 Elsevier LtdWith the development of the BI (Business intelligence) applications, robots and robot-based technology appear in various fields. Compact robotic automated parking system will facilitate the informatization and modernization of urban development and environmental protection. Compact robotic automated parking (CRAP) system is a new system with higher storage utilization and rapid response to store and handle cars. This system has double storage rings, instead of one storage ring in old compact automated parking (CAP) system for storing cars in each tier, and each tier is equipped with inner rotating ring and tier-captive automated guided vehicle for horizontal transport. The CRAP system has one elevator with vertical automated guided vehicle in the outer ring instead of the center part in the old CAP system for vertical transport. We first estimate the system performance using queuing network models. Second, we validate the analytical models through simulation and a real case. The simulation results show that we make an accurate estimation. Third, we optimize system configurations by minimizing the car retrieval time. Finally, given the same storage capacity, we compare the car retrieval time based on a real application and footprint area of CRAP system with CAP system. The results show that the car retrieval time can be reduced by at least 29.7% when the system capacity C is 400, and the space utilization can be improved by at least 32.0%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Library and Information Sciences	Compact automated parking (CAP) system,Compact storage,Material handling,Performance evaluation,Robotic automated parking system
A novel tabu search algorithm for multi-AGV routing problem	2020	Mathematics	2020 by the authors.In this paper, we propose a novel tabu search (NTS) algorithm that improves the efficiencies of picking goods of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in an automatic warehouse by solving the conflicts that happen when multiple AGVs work at the same time. Relocation and exchanging operations are designed for the neighborhood searching process based on each pickup-point's location in the warehouse, along with the initial solution generation and the termination condition in the proposed algorithm. The experimental results show that the tabu search algorithm can effectively optimize the order of pickup points, which could further reduce the total travel distance and improve the efficiencies of AGVs in automatic warehouses.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Mathematics (all)	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),Automatic warehouses,Path optimization,Tabu search
Design and Position Control of Rail Traction System with Parallel Brushless DC Motors	2020	2020 6th International Conference on Mechatronics and Robotics Engineering, ICMRE 2020	2020 IEEE.Design and control scheme for the rail guided traction mover driven by two BLDC(Brushless DC) motors is investigated in this paper. The rollers to drive the mover are installed on the top surface of the rail to reduce the slip effect between the roller and the rail in the proposed design. Because of the rail suspending bar on the center of the rail top, the roller cannot be installed in a roll type. The wing type two direct roller connected to the BLDC motor are designed at each side of the mover. The mechanical stress of the designed system is analyzed by FEM(Finite Element Method). Differ from the single roller structure, the balance control between two rollers is very important in the proposed system. In order to reduce zig-zag moving by a non-linear disturbance loads of each motors, the instantaneous moving positions of two motors have to be balanced in the designed system. The instantaneous position balance control scheme is simply presented in this paper to reduce the zig-zag moving of the designed system. In the practical simulation and experiments, the proposed rail guided traction mover based on two BLDC motors are verified.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization,Instrumentation	balance control,parallel BLDC motors,position control,Rail traction mover
Design of the parallel mechanism for a hybrid mobile robot in wind turbine blades polishing	2020	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2019 Elsevier LtdEfficient and precise processing of large-scale parts is an uprising problem in industry. In this paper, a method to polish large-scale wind turbine blades using hybrid mobile robots is proposed. The robot combines an automated guided vehicle (AGV), a 2-DoF 3-parallelogram hybrid module and a 1T2R parallel module. This paper focuses on the design of the 1T2R parallel mechanism. In order to realize flexible A/B axis rotational capacity and efficient transmission of driving units, two 1T2R parallel mechanisms actuated by ball screw drives are derived under the guidance of a type synthesis approach based on Grassmann line geometry and a line-graph method. Under the description of Tilt and Torsion (T&T) angles, kinematics (especially the parasitic motion) of the proposed mechanisms is investigated. To carry out the dimension synthesis, performance evaluation indices including good transmission and constraint workspace, maximum orientation capacity, global transmission and constraint index and global average parasitic motion are defined. The performance atlases are plotted in the parameter design space. By comparing the parasitic motion and the motion/force transmission and constraint performance of the two mechanisms, 3-RCU mechanism is identified to develop the parallel module and its kinematic optimization is carried out. The CAD model with a set of optimal parameters is presented. The work in this paper lays the foundation for the development of the hybrid mobile robot, and the configuration design and parameter optimization in this paper can be further applied to the design of other parallel mechanisms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Configuration design,Hybrid mobile robot,Parallel mechanism,Parameter optimization,Performance evaluation
Optimal capacity and operation design of a robot logistics system for the hotel industry	2020	Tourism Management	2019 Elsevier LtdThis study introduces an optimal capacity and operation design of a robot logistics system that can reduce human workload in the hotel industry. In hotels, there are several duties that can be replaced by robots such as accompanying guests to the certain areas, delivering specific items to the guest rooms, and transporting some items that guests want to be removed from the guest rooms. To apply the robot logistics system in the hotel industry, the capacity and operation design should be prepared adequately. For that, a mathematical model-based optimization technique is used to decide the number of robots with the concept of minimizing total investment cost and to derive the optimal job assigning with the purpose of maximizing total covered jobs. In addition, a numerical example is performed to validate the proposed mathematical model and the sensitivity tests are examined to reflect the random features.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	9	Development,Transportation,Tourism, Leisure and Hospitality Management,Strategy and Management	Artificial intelligence,Capacity planning,Job assigning algorithm,Logistics robots,Operations research
Failure Modes Effects and Criticality Analysis and Fault Tree Analysis Case Study of Waste Heat Recovery Plant in a Cement Factory, United Arab Emirates	2020	Journal of Failure Analysis and Prevention	2020, ASM International.This article reports a case study of the application of FMECA and FTA methods to inform the design of effective maintenance program for a waste heat recovery power plant in the hot arid climate of the United Arab Emirates. It illustrates the strengths and weaknesses of these approaches through a case study report of a live plant in a cement factory. The article highlights the implications and importance of plant-specific contextual factors in conducting quality FMECA and FTA.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Arab Emirates	0	Materials Science (all),Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Case study,Cement factory,Comparison,FMECA,FTA,Power plant,Waste heat recovery
UAV-assisted Real-time Data Processing using Deep Q-Network for Industrial Internet of Things	2020	2020 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Information and Communication, ICAIIC 2020	2020 IEEE.Industrial internet of things (IIoT) enables edge computing technology to provide communication between the machines that produce a large amount of data and locate at the edge network. A task scheduling is implemented in the edge node. Furthermore, the real-time data can achieve with the lowest latency that allowed by the edge node near the edge network. However, a mobile machine such as an autonomous guided vehicle can interfere in this situation. Because the vehicle also needs service by the edge node. Over that, quality of service (QoS) performance can decrease. Therefore, this paper deploys an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) as an edge node to provide service to the edge network through optimizing the trajectory of UAV, where the edge network request task using a Deep Q-Network (DQN) Learning. The result shows that using machine learning, notably the DQN algorithm, can increase the number of the machine that can be provided service. Subsequently, the real-time data can achieve either the interrupt occurs at the edge node.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems,Signal Processing	Deep-Q Learning,industrial internet of things,real-time data,unmanned aerial vehicle
Estimation of Probability Density Function Using Multi-bandwidth Kernel Density Estimation for Throughput	2020	2020 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Information and Communication, ICAIIC 2020	2020 IEEE.In manufacturing and logistics, various applications exploiting IoT devices are started to be used. Although there is a demand for wireless connection between the IoT devices to networks, obstacles such as radio frequency interference, multipath-rich propagation, and movement of objects make communication unstable. The instability can cause a system failure of IoT applications. Estimation of probability density function (PDF) of throughput is an important technique for the communication failure prediction and control of data rate of wireless communication applications. Because wireless environment in factories change complicatedly, the PDF of throughput is a mixture of narrow and wide distributions. For such PDF, the conventional kernel density estimation which uses uni-bandwidth kernel can not accurately estimate the distribution. To overcome this problem, we propose a novel kernel density estimation method which uses multiple bandwidths kernels. In addition, we extend a likelihood cross validation method to the multi-bandwidth kernel density estimation to determined the suboptimum bandwidths of kernels and combining weights. To confirm the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct numerical simulation assuming image transmission for car body inspection at an automobile factory.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Information Systems and Management,Artificial Intelligence,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Information Systems,Signal Processing	multi-bandwidth kernel density estimation,throughput prediction,wireless LAN
PD steering controller utilizing the predicted position on track for autonomous vehicles driven on slippery roads	2020	Algorithms	2020 by the authors.Among the most important characteristics of autonomous vehicles are the safety and robustness in various traffic situations and road conditions. In this paper, we focus on the development and analysis of the extended version of the canonical proportional-derivative PD controllers that are known to provide a good quality of steering on non-slippery (dry) roads. However, on slippery roads, due to the poor yaw controllability of the vehicle (suffering from understeering and oversteering), the quality of control of such controllers deteriorates. The proposed predicted PD controller (PPD controller) overcomes the main drawback of PD controllers, namely, the reactiveness of their steering behavior. The latter implies that steering output is a direct result of the currently perceived lateral-and angular deviation of the vehicle from its intended, ideal trajectory, which is the center of the lane. This reactiveness, combined with the tardiness of the yaw control of the vehicle on slippery roads, results in a significant lag in the control loop that could not be compensated completely by the predictive (derivative) component of these controllers. In our approach, keeping the controller efforts at the same level as in PD controllers by avoiding (i) complex computations and (ii) adding additional variables, the PPD controller shows better quality of steering than that of the evolved (via genetic programming) models.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Numerical Analysis,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computational Mathematics	predictive model,Automated steering,Autonomous vehicles,PD controllers,Slippery road conditions
A vision-based odometer for localization of omnidirectional indoor robots	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In this paper we tackle the problem of indoor robot localization by using a vision-based approach. Specifically, we propose a visual odometer able to give back the relative pose of an omnidirectional automatic guided vehicle (AGV) that moves inside an indoor industrial environment. A monocular downward-looking camera having the optical axis nearly perpendicular to the ground floor, is used for collecting floor images. After a preliminary analysis of images aimed at detecting robust point features (keypoints) takes place, specific descriptors associated to the keypoints enable to match the detected points to their consecutive frames. A robust correspondence feature filter based on statistical and geometrical information is devised for rejecting those incorrect matchings, thus delivering better pose estimations. A camera pose compensation is further introduced for ensuring better positioning accuracy. The effectiveness of proposed methodology has been proven through several experiments, in laboratory as well as in an industrial setting. Both quantitative and qualitative evaluations have been made. Outcomes have shown that the method provides a final positioning percentage error of 0.21% on an average distance of 17.2 m. A longer run in an industrial context has provided comparable results (a percentage error of 0.94% after about 80 m). The average relative positioning error is about 3%, which is still in good agreement with current state of the art.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	4	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Affine pose estimation,Computer vision,Feature-based approach,Monocular camera,SURF,Vision-based odometer,Visual odometry
Towards formal monitoring of workpieces in agile manufacturing	2020	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	2020 IEEE.Information about the locations of objects is one of the main ingredients of Industry 4.0. With the increased use of flexible and agile manufacturing techniques, the monitoring of workpieces in a factory can become more challenging. In this paper, we present a state-machine-based approach for monitoring workpieces using sensors such as RFID readers. We present a solution where each object is represented as a deterministic state machine to monitor the object's journey throughout production via this state machine representation. Multiple objects can be monitored at the same time by running parallel event-based state machines. We present an implementation of our solution using RFID-Readers and OPC UA.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Finland	2	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agile manufacturing,Automation,Deterministic state machine,Factory of the future,Industry 4.0,Monitoring,OPC UA
3D online path planning of UAV based on improved differential evolution and model predictive control	2020	International Journal of Innovative Computing, Information and Control	2020 ICIC International.This paper presents an efficient 3D online path planning algorithm for UAV flying in partially known environment. The algorithm integrates model predictive control (MPC) and differential evolution (DE) as the planning strategy. In the initial stage, the artificial potential field (APF) model is developed to describe the mutual effect between the UAV and the surrounding environments. Afterwards, a novel objective function is proposed to address the optimization problem of multi-objective and multi-constraints, which take into account the path length, the smoothness degree of a path and the safety of a path. In addition, the multiple constraints based on the realistic scenarios are taken into account, including maximum acceleration, maximum velocity, map and threat constraints. Then, the improved differential evolution algorithm based on the theory of MPC, is developed to optimize the objective function to find the optimal path. Finally, to show the high performance of the proposed method, we compare the proposed algorithm with the existing optimization algorithms and several extended algorithms. The results reveal that the proposed algorithm not only produces an optimal plan for UAV in a local known 3D environment, but also has better performances in terms of running time and stability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Information Systems,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Artificial potential field,Differential evolution,Model predictive control,Path planning,Unmanned aerial vehicle
A distributed method to avoid higher-order deadlocks in multi-robot systems	2020	Automatica	2019 Elsevier LtdDeadlock avoidance is a crucial problem in motion control of multi-robot systems since deadlocks can crash the systems and ∕or degrade their performance. However, deadlocks sometimes are difficult to predict in advance because of the existence of higher-order deadlocks, from which a system can lead to a deadlock inevitably. In this paper, we investigate the properties of higher-order deadlocks and propose a distributed approach to their avoidance in multi-robot systems where each robot has a predetermined and closed path to execute persistent motion. After modeling the motion of robots by labeled transition systems (LTSs), we first conclude that there exist at most the (N−3)-th order deadlocks with N robots. This means that deadlocks, if any, will occur unavoidably within N−3 steps of corresponding transitions. A distributed algorithm is then proposed to avoid deadlocks in such systems. In the algorithm, each robot only needs to look ahead at most N−1 states, i.e., N−3 intermediate states and two endpoint states, to decide whether its move can cause higher-order deadlocks. To execute the algorithm, each robot needs to communicate with its neighbors. The theoretical analysis and experimental study show that the proposed algorithm is practically operative.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous mobile robots,Deadlock,Discrete-event systems,Distributed control,Robot control
A heuristic method to optimize generic signal phasing and timing plans at signalized intersections using Connected Vehicle technology	2020	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	2019 Elsevier LtdThis paper develops a flexible, real-time traffic signal control algorithm to optimize both phase durations and phase sequences at four-approach intersections with conflicting left-turns, based on information obtained from connected vehicles. Vehicle-to-infrastructure communications are assumed to provide the location of all connected vehicles near the signalized intersection at regular time intervals and this information is used to identify the presence of non-connected vehicles that are stopped at the intersection. All detected and identified vehicles are used to identify naturally occurring platoons in the traffic stream. The signal control algorithm then selects the optimal sequence that these platoons should discharge through the intersection to minimize average delay of all identified vehicles. Since all possible departure sequences for platoons of vehicles are considered, the problem is computationally difficult. Hence, several heuristic methods are proposed to determine optimal platoon departure sequences. These heuristics include an intelligent tree search and multiple types of genetic algorithms, including a newly developed genetic algorithm that perserves phase order sequence that is vital to this problem. Comparisons between these heuristics and the global optimal solution suggest that the heuristics are able to provide similar operational performance with significant reductions in total computation time required, such that the algorithm can be applied in real-time. In general, the intelligent tree search appears to outperform the genetic algorithm approaches in terms of operational performance but has computational requirements that increase exponentially with the number of platoons identified at the intersection. Meanwhile, the genetic algorithm methods tend to be more scalable but slightly less efficient. Overall, the results are promising for the application of the proposed flexible signal control algorithm at real intersections.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	Connected vehicle,Genetic algorithm,Traffic signal optimization
Development of a low cost and path-free autonomous patrol system based on stereo vision system and checking flags	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.Nowadays, security guard patrol services are becoming roboticized. However, high construction prices and complex systems make patrol robots difficult to be popularized. In this research, a simplified autonomous patrolling robot is proposed, which is fabricated by upgrading a wheeling household robot with stereo vision system (SVS), radio frequency identification (RFID) module, and laptop. The robot has four functions: independent patrolling without path planning, checking, intruder detection, and wireless backup. At first, depth information of the environment is analyzed through SVS to find a passable path for independent patrolling. Moreover, the checkpoints made with RFID tag and color pattern are placed in appropriate positions within a guard area. While a color pattern is detected by the SVS, the patrolling robot is guided to approach the pattern and check its RFID tag. For more, the human identification function of SVS is used to detect an intruder. While a skeleton information of the human is analyzed by SVS, the intruder detection function is triggered, then the robot follows the intruder and record the images of the intruder. The recorded images are transmitted to a server throughWi-Fi to realize the remote backup, and users can query the recorded images from the network. Finally, an experiment is made to test the functions of the autonomous patrolling robot successfully.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Intruder detection,Low cost,Patrolling system,SLAM,Web service,Wheeling robot
An early fault elimination method of computerized numerical control machine tools	2020	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	2020, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.Early faults of product have plagued many machine tool companies, especially middle-small enterprises limited by capital. To eliminate the early faults and improve the reliability of computerized numerical control (CNC) machine tools, we propose a systematic early fault elimination method based on the after-sale data (customer field data) of CNC machine tools. The proposed method includes four steps: fault data collection; a four-parameter non-homogenous Poisson process (NHPP) model; a mixed fault analysis method that is the combination of fault tree analysis (FTA) method and fault mode, effects, and criticality analysis (FMECA) method; and early fault elimination measures. The first step is the basis of the analysis. The second step is used to determine the early faults from the fault data. The third step is to analyze the early faults determined. Risk priority number (RPN) is calculated to assess the criticality of the fault causes determined by the FTA. The elimination measures are taken in the end. We apply our method to a machine tool company in China, and the results prove the practicality and effectiveness of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Early fault elimination,FMECA method,FTA method,NHPP model
A sparse Bayesian learning-based DOA estimation method with the Kalman filter in MIMO radar	2020	Electronics (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.The direction of arrival (DOA) estimation problem as an essential problem in the radar system is important in radar applications. In this paper, considering a multiple-input and multiple-out (MIMO) radar system, the DOA estimation problem is investigated in the scenario with fast-moving targets. The system model is first formulated, and then by exploiting both the target sparsity in the spatial domain and the temporal correlation of the moving targets, a sparse Bayesian learning (SBL)-based DOA estimation method combined with the Kalman filter (KF) is proposed. Moreover, the performances of traditional sparse-based methods are limited by the off-grid issue, and Taylor-expansion off-grid methods also have high computational complexity and limited performance. The proposed method breaks through the off-grid limit by transforming the problem in the spatial domain to that in the time domain using the movement feature. Simulation results show that the proposed method outperforms the existing methods in the DOA estimation problem for the fast-moving targets.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Direction of arrival,Fast-moving targets,Kalman filter,MIMO radar,Sparse Bayesian learning
Automatic guided waves data transmission system using an oil industry multiwire cable	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Alternative wireless data communication systems are a necessity in industries that operate in harsh environments such as the oil and gas industry. Ultrasonic guided wave propagation through solid metallic structures, such as metal barriers, rods, and multiwire cables, have been proposed for data transmission purposes. In this context, multiwire cables have been explored as a communication media for the transmission of encoded ultrasonic guided waves. This work presents the proprietary hardware design and implementation of an automatic data transmission system based on the propagation of ultrasonic guided waves using as communication channels a high-temperature and corrosion-resistant oil industry multiwire cable. A dedicated communication protocol has been implemented at physical and data link layers, which involved pulse position modulation (PPM), digital signal processing (DSP), and an integrity validation byte. The data transmission system was composed of an ultrasonic guided waves PPM encoded data transmitter, a 1K22 MP-35N multiwire cable, a hardware preamplifier, a data acquisition module, a real-time (RT) DSP LabVIEW (National Instruments, Austin, TX) based demodulator, and a human-machine interface (HMI) running on a personal computer. To evaluate the communication system, the transmitter generated 60 kHz PPM energy packets containing three different bytes and their corresponding integrity validation bytes. Experimental tests were conducted in the laboratory using 1 and 10 m length cables. Although a dispersive solid elastic media was used as a communication channel, results showed that digital data transmission rates, up to 470 bps, were effectively validated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Digital signal processing,Guided waves-based communication,Multiwire cables,Piezoceramic transducers,Pulse position modulation
Autonomous visual navigation for mobile robots: A systematic literature review	2020	ACM Computing Surveys	2020 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.Autonomous mobile robots are required to move throughout map the environment, locate themselves, and plan paths between positions. Vision stands out among the other senses for its richness and practicality. Even though there are well-established autonomous navigation solutions, as far as we can tell, no complete autonomous navigation system that is solely based on vision and that is suitable for dynamic indoor environments has fully succeeded. This article presents a systematic literature review of methods and techniques used to solve the complete autonomous navigation problem or its parts: localization, mapping, path planning, and locomotion. The focus of this review lays on vision-based methods for indoor environments and ground robots. A total of 121 studies were considered, comprising methods, conceptual models, and other literature reviews published between 2000 and 2017. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first systematic review about vision-based autonomous navigation suitable for dynamic indoor environments. It addresses navigation methods, autonomous navigation requirements, vision benefits, methods testing, and implementations validation. The results of this review show a deficiency in testing and validation of presented methods, poor requirements specification, and a lack of complete navigation systems in the literature. These results should encourage new works on computer vision techniques, requirements specification, development, integration, and systematic testing and validation of general navigation systems. In addition to these findings, we also present the complete methodology used for the systematic review, which provides a documentation of the process (allowing quality assessment and repeatability), the criteria for selecting and evaluating the studies, and a framework that can be used for future reviews in this research area.	Journal	j	re	Review	Brazil	4	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous navigation,Mobile robots,Systematic literature review,Visual navigation
A proactive material handling method for CPS enabled shop-floor	2020	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2019 Elsevier LtdCyber physical system (CPS) enables companies to keep high traceability and controllability in manufacturing for better quality and improved productivity. However, several challenges including excessively long waiting time and a serious waste of energy still exist on the shop-floor where limited buffer exists for each machine (e.g., shop-floor that manufactures large-size products). The production logistics tasks are released after work-in-processes (WIPs) are processed, and the machines will be occupied before trolleys arrival when using passive material handling strategy. To address this issue, a proactive material handling method for CPS enabled shop-floor (CPS-PMH) is proposed. Firstly, the manufacturing resources (machines and trolleys) are made smart by applying CPS technologies so that they are able to sense, act, interact and behave within a smart environment. Secondly, a shop-floor digital twin model is created, aiming to reflect their status just like real-life objects, and key production performance indicators can be analysed timely. Then, a time-weighted multiple linear regression method (TWMLR) is proposed to forecast the remaining processing time of WIPs. A proactive material handling model is designed to allocate smart trolleys optimally. Finally, a case study from Southern China is used to validate the proposed method and results show that the proposed CPS-PMH can largely reduce the total non-value-added energy consumption of manufacturing resources and optimize the routes of smart trolleys.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	22	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cyber physical system (CPS),Large-size product,Material handling,Prediction model,Remaining processing time,Shop-floor
Life cycle sustainability assessment of autonomous heavy-duty trucks	2020	Journal of Industrial Ecology	2019 by Yale UniversityConnected and automated vehicles (CAVs) are emerging technologies expected to bring important environmental, social, and economic improvements in transportation systems. Given their implications in terms of air quality and sustainable and safer movement of goods, heavy-duty trucks (HDTs), carrying the majority of U.S. freight, are considered an ideal domain for the application of CAV technology. An input–output (IO) model is developed based on the Eora database—a detailed IO database that consists of national IO tables, covering almost the entire global economy. Using the Eora-based IO model, this study quantifies and assesses the environmental, economic, and social impacts of automated diesel and battery electric HDTs based on 20 macro-level indicators. The life cycle sustainability performances of these HDTs are then compared to that of a conventional diesel HDT. The study finds an automated diesel HDT to cause 18% more fatalities than an automated electric HDT. The global warming potential (GWP) of automated diesel HDTs is estimated to be 4.7 thousand metric tons CO2-eq. higher than that of automated electric HDTs. The health impact costs resulting from an automated diesel HDT are two times higher than that of an automated electric HDT. Overall, the results also show that automation brings important improvements to the selected sustainability indicators of HDTs such as global warming potential, life cycle cost, GDP, decrease in import, and increase in income. The findings also show that there are significant trade-offs particularly between mineral and fossil resource losses and environmental gains, which are likely to complicate decision-making processes regarding the further development and commercialization of the technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Environmental Science (all),Social Sciences (all)	connected automated trucks,hybrid input–output analysis,industrial ecology,life cycle sustainability assessment (LCSA),sustainable freight transportation
Bioinspired Computational Intelligence and Transportation Systems: A Long Road Ahead	2020	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	2000-2011 IEEE.This paper capitalizes on the increasingly high relevance gained by data-intensive technologies in the development of intelligent transportation system, which calls for the progressive adoption of adaptive, self-learning methods for solving modeling, simulation, and optimization problems. In this regard, certain mechanisms and processes observed in nature, including the animal brain, have proved themselves to excel not only in terms of efficiently capturing time-evolving stimuli, but also at undertaking complex tasks by virtue of mechanisms that can be extrapolated to computer algorithms and methods. This paper comprehensively reviews the state-of-The-Art around the application of bioinspired methods to the challenges arising in the broad field of intelligent transportation system (ITS). This systematic survey is complemented by an initiatory taxonomic introduction to bioinspired computational intelligence, along with the basics of its constituent techniques. A focus is placed on which research niches are still unexplored by the community in different ITS subareas. The open issues and research directions for the practical implementation of ITS endowed with bioinspired computational intelligence are also discussed in detail.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	4	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	autonomous and cooperative driving,Bioinspired computational intelligence,driver characterization,route planning,smart mobility,traffic forecasting
A fast detection and grasping method for mobile manipulator based on improved faster R-CNN	2020	Industrial Robot	2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: This paper aims to solve the problem between detection efficiency and performance in grasp commodities rapidly. A fast detection and grasping method based on improved faster R-CNN is purposed and applied to the mobile manipulator to grab commodities on the shelf. Design/methodology/approach: To reduce the time cost of algorithm, a new structure of neural network based on faster R CNN is designed. To select the anchor box reasonably according to the data set, the data set-adaptive algorithm for choosing anchor box is presented; multiple models of ten types of daily objects are trained for the validation of the improved faster R-CNN. The proposed algorithm is deployed to the self-developed mobile manipulator, and three experiments are designed to evaluate the proposed method. Findings: The result indicates that the proposed method is successfully performed on the mobile manipulator; it not only accomplishes the detection effectively but also grasps the objects on the shelf successfully. Originality/value: The proposed method can improve the efficiency of faster R-CNN, maintain excellent performance, meet the requirement of real-time detection, and the self-developed mobile manipulator can accomplish the task of grasping objects.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGV),DACAB,Grippers,Improved faster R-CNN,Machine vision,Mobile manipulator,Object detection,Robot vision,Robotics
An integrated approach for line balancing and AGV scheduling towards smart assembly systems	2020	Assembly Automation	2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: Optimizing material handling within the factory is one of the key problems of modern assembly line systems. The purpose of this paper is to focus on simultaneously balancing a robotic assembly line and the scheduling of material handling required for the operation of such a system, a topic that has received limited attention in academia. Manufacturing industries focus on full autonomy because of the rapid advancements in different elements of Industry 4.0 such as the internet of things, big data and cloud computing. In smart assembly systems, this autonomy aims at the integration of automated material handling equipment such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs) to robotic assembly line systems to ensure a reliable and flexible production system. Design/methodology/approach: This paper tackles the problem of designing a balanced robotic assembly line and the scheduling of AGVs to feed materials to these lines such that the cycle time and total tardiness of the assembly system are minimized. Because of the combination of two well-known complex problems such as line balancing and material handling and a heuristic- and metaheuristic-based integrated decision approach is proposed. Findings: A detailed computational study demonstrates how an integrated decision approach can serve as an efficient managerial tool in designing/redesigning assembly line systems and support automated transportation infrastructure. Originality/value: This study is beneficial for production managers in understanding the main decisional steps involved in the designing/redesigning of smart assembly systems and providing guidelines in decision-making. Moreover, this study explores the material distribution scheduling problems in assembly systems, which is not yet comprehensively explored in the literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle scheduling,Heuristic,Industry 4.0,Particle swarm optimization,Robotic assembly line balancing
Achieving a sustainable shipbuilding supply chain under I4.0 perspective	2020	Journal of Cleaner Production	2019 Elsevier LtdIndustry 4.0 (I4.0) considers a number of changes in enterprises, including business models, to achieve the Smart Factory concept. This implies a complete communication network between different companies, factories, suppliers, resources, etc …, maximize in real time to achieve the highest efficiency of all parties involved. The goal is to improve the performance and sustainability of shipbuilding industry through the supply chain establishing a model that defines how the supply chain should be under the perspective of Industry 4.0. Thus, this article aims to connect each of the key enabling I4.0 technologies with the most significant supply chain paradigms: Lean, Agile, Resilience and Green to define what the Shipbuilding Supply Chain should be. This study shows the Green Supply Chain Paradigm connects the social aspects required at the performance I4.0 model. Likewise, Lean represents the most important paradigm, encompassing the Resilience one, besides considering Agile as an intrinsic property of the shipbuilding. At this form, identifying the key factors in the conceptual model, it is possible to conclude that the Shipbuilding Supply Chain should be Green and Lean.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	11	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Agile,Green,Industry 4.0,Lean,Resilient,Shipbuilding,Supply chain
Waste smoke recovery based on time window path optimization of multi-Agv system	2020	IOP Conference Series: Earth and Environmental Science	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.In this paper, a floor fork laser guided transport vehicle is used to recover waste smoke. The advantages are obvious, small and flexible, safe and reliable, and it is widely used in working places with narrow space and high level difference. In the multi-AGV system, each AGV coordinated with each other to complete the waste smoke recovery. When multiple AGVs are running at the same time, it is necessary to consider path planning issues to avoid conflicting paths. On the one hand, the operation efficiency is affected, and on the other hand, the AGV system is paralyzed. Multiple AVGs run in the system at the same time and perform multiple handling tasks at the same time. Coordination is required to avoid or preempt the area first, avoid path conflicts, and collaborate to achieve efficient distribution.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Environmental Science (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	None
Optimization of Waste Smoke Recovery Scheduling Strategy Based on Multi AGV	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	2020 IOP Publishing Ltd.AGV is an important material handling equipment for flexible, lean and intelligent production of smart factory. Because of the high cost of AGV car and the congestion of vehicles in the system, this chapter studies the waste smoke recovery path planning and material handling task scheduling strategy of multi AGV system to improve the waste smoke recovery efficiency of AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Research on path planning of locally added path factor dijkstra algorithm for multiple AGV systems	2020	IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering	Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.Aiming at the problem of relative encounter path conflict in multi-AGV systems under special working conditions, a path planning method is proposed to limit the running direction of AGV by adding path factor to Dijkstra algorithm. This method can realize simple traffic rule formulation. Effectively reduce the conflict of opposite encounter paths and achieve the purpose of orderly operation of multiple AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Fuzzy AHP-GRA approach to evaluating energy sources: a case of Turkey	2020	International Journal of Energy Sector Management	2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: Since the demand for energy has dramatically increased in the countries which have fast-growing population and economy, they have faced with a critical problem of how to evaluate a set of potential energy sources (i.e. nuclear, natural gas, bio, geothermal, hydro, wind and solar) and choose the ultimate energy source for their needs. On the other hand, this critical problem turns into a multiple-criteria decision-making (MCDM) in the presence of a set of energy source alternatives and evaluation criteria. In literature, there are many MCDM methods introduced to solve for different kinds of problems. The purpose of this paper is to present an integrated approach for evaluating energy sources using fuzzy AHP and GRA, with a case for Turkey. Design/methodology/approach: In this paper, the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and grey relational analysis (GRA) methods are used because of their advantages for similar problems. On the other hand, due to the fact that the conventional AHP by a nine-point scale and GRA method using a scale with crisp values can be unable to handle to capture the right judgments of a decision-maker(s), to reflect the vagueness and uncertainty on the judgments of a decision-maker, the fuzzy logic is integrated with the AHP and GRA. Findings: The contributions of the paper to the literature are given in two dimensions as follows: it presents an integrated approach for complex decision processes with subjective data or vague information; the proposed approach, the fuzzy AHP-GRA method for energy source selection, is unique for the related problem in literature. The results of the proposed model from the case of Turkey will help practitioners and experts of how to apply it to the similar problems in the field of energy management. Research limitations/implications: In short, in this paper, an integrated approach is proposed through the fuzzy AHP and the fuzzy GRA methods. As the fuzzy AHP is used to determine the weights of evaluation criteria, the fuzzy GRA is used to rank energy source alternatives. Practical implications: In addition, a case study for Turkey is presented to show the applicability of the proposed approach for potential practitioners who are authority in the field of energy in public and private sectors. Social implications: On the other hand, the proposed approach, the fuzzy AHP-GRA for energy source selection can also be an intelligent tool for public and private energy companies in Turkey, as well as others in the world. Originality/value: On the other hand, in this paper, to the best of the authors’ knowledge, the study contributes to the literature that the first time, they use the fuzzy alpha-cut AHP and GRA in fuzzy environment for energy source evaluation problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Energy (all),Strategy and Management	Analytic hierarchy process,Energy source evaluation,Fuzzy logic,Grey relational analysis,Multiple-criteria decision-making
Scheduling of a job-shop problem with limited output buffers	2020	Engineering Optimization	2019,  2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This article addresses a job-shop problem with limited output buffers (JS-LOB) with the objective of minimizing the process makespan. An integer nonlinear mathematical programming model is proposed to describe this problem. Based on the model, a two-stage algorithm consisting of obtaining feasible solutions and a local search is proposed to solve the JS-LOB problem. The local search has two operators: the first is a neighbourhood structure based on a disjunctive graph model, and the second is similar to crossover in the genetic algorithm to avoid falling into local optima. Computational results are presented for a set of benchmark tests. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm and indicate whether the processing time of the job conforms to a uniform distribution. When the proportion between the capacity of the buffer and the number of jobs is larger than 20%, the influence of the buffer becomes very small.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	disjunctive graph model,Job-shop scheduling,limited output buffer,uniform distribution
Implementing autonomous driving behaviors using a message driven petri net framework	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.Most autonomous car control frameworks are based on a middleware layer with several independent modules that are connected by an inter-process communication mechanism. These modules implement basic actions and report events about their state by subscribing and publishing messages. Here, we propose an executive module that coordinates the activity of these modules. This executive module uses hierarchical interpreted binary Petri nets (PNs) to define the behavior expected from the car in different scenarios according to the traffic rules. The module commands actions by sending messages to other modules and evolves its internal state according to the events (messages) received. A programming environment named RoboGraph (RG) is introduced with this architecture. RG includes a graphical interface that allows the edition, execution, tracing, and maintenance of the PNs. For the execution, a dispatcher loads these PNs and executes the different behaviors. The RG monitor that shows the state of all the running nets has proven to be very useful for debugging and tracing purposes. The whole system has been applied to an autonomous car designed for elderly or disabled people.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous driving,Autonomous driving behaviors,Decision-making system,Petri nets,Vehicle control framework
Resource management in decentralized industrial Automated Guided Vehicle systems	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2019 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersThis paper proposes an advanced decentralized method where an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) can optimally insert charging stations into an already assigned optimal tour of task locations. In today's industrial AGV systems, advanced algorithms and techniques are used to control the whole fleet of AGVs robustly and efficiently. While in academia, much research is conducted towards every aspect of AGV control. However, resource management or battery management is still one aspect which is usually omitted in research. In current industrial AGV systems, AGVs operate until their resource level drops below a certain threshold. Subsequently, they head to a charging station to charge fully. This programmed behaviour may have a negative impact on the manufacturing systems performance. AGVs lose time charging at inconvenient moments while this time loss could be avoided. Using the approach, an AGV can choose independently when it will visit a charging station and how long it will charge there. A general constrained optimization algorithm will be used to solve the problem and the current industrial resource management will be used as a benchmark. We use a simple extension of the Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) representation to model our approach. The paper follows a decentral approach which is in the interest of the authors. The result of the proposal is a compact and practical method which can be used in today's operative central or decentral controlled AGV systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Constrained optimization,Decentralization,Resource management,Traveling Salesman Problem
Design and fabrication of a novel three wheel robot with a SLE based lifting mechanism and line tracking capability	2020	14th National Conference on Machines and Mechanisms, NaCoMM 2009	2009 14th National Conference on Machines and Mechanisms, NaCoMM 2009. All rights reserved.The present paper deals with the design and development of a modular three wheel robot capable of autonomously navigating a structured environment by means of tracking a curved line on the floor. Furthermore, it is equipped with a deployable scissor lift with an end effecter plate thus providing applicative modularity to the robot. The main application is envisaged to serve as an automatic guided vehicle in industries such as automotive and construction where cost effectiveness is an essential criterion for automation and mobility is a highly desirable functionality. Mechanical design is carried out using stress analysis with the help of the finite element software package ANSYS and velocity response curves are generated for the highly non-linear motion of the scissor lift. Finally an algorithm is developed for high speed line tracking using LED and phototransistor pairs and results are presented in terms of experimental data as well as simulated responses.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Mechanical Engineering	None
A conflict-free routing method for automated guided vehicles using reinforcement learning	2020	2020 International Symposium on Flexible Automation, ISFA 2020	Copyright  2020 ASMEIn a modern large-scale fabrication, hundreds of vehicles are used for transportation. Since traffic conditions are changing rapidly, the routing of automated guided vehicles (AGV) needs to be changed according to the change in traffic conditions. We propose a conflict-free routing method for AGVs using reinforcement learning in dynamic transportation. An advantage of the proposed method is that a change in the state can be obtained as an evaluation function. Therefore, the action can be selected according to the states. A deadlock avoidance method in bidirectional transport systems is developed using reinforcement learning. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated by comparing the performance with the conventional Q learning algorithm from computational results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
Design and implementation of automatic following technology for mobile devices	2020	Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering, LNICST	ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering 2020.Along with the flourishing development of Internet of Things, vehicles which assist move goods are developed as well, for example, automatic guided vehicle applied in manufacturing plants. Vehicles vary with pattern of goods to be moved. If it moves along magnetic tapes, it would lose its flexibility in moving directions. To make vehicles more dynamic and convenient, this study designs and implements automatic following technology of vehicles. Through relative position between vehicles and objects to be followed positioned by satellite and laser radar installed on vehicles which can detect relative distance, vehicles are able to automatically follow objects to be followed.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Computer Networks and Communications	Automatic following technology,Mobile devices,Position information
Research on Two-Stage Path Planning Algorithms for Storage Multi-AGV	2020	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.In order to solve the problem of path conflict of multiple AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) in warehousing environment during handling shelves, in this paper, a two-stage path planning algorithm is proposed. In the first stage, on the premise of ignoring the conflicts between robots, the optimal path of each AGV is obtained by using A* algorithm. In this paper, an improved A* algorithm with directional search is proposed, which can effectively reduce the search of unnecessary nodes in the path finding process. In the second stage, conflict is checked by time window, when collision conflicts occur in multi-robot system. When a post-conflict situation occurs, excessive energy consumption is caused by a AGV waiting for another AGV to pass, in order to solve the energy consumption caused by waiting, a path planning method of coupling conflict car is proposed to realize dynamic path planning of multi-AGV. The simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can effectively reduce the number of searching nodes and waiting times in the process of path finding and it can also improve the overall efficiency of the system under the condition of ensuring the optimal or sub-optimal path.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	AGV,CBS algorithm,Improved A* algorithm,Path planning
Productivity enhancement by using programmable logic controller-based automated guided vehicles for material handling	2020	International Journal of Mechatronics and Automation	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The programmable logic controller (PLC) based and magnetic tape guided automatic guided vehicles were designed and implemented in a production environment where significant material handling is involved. The work is focused on transporting the components of transmission plant of a small car from the machining line (consisting of multitude of machine tools) to the assembly line. The new automated material handling system was designed to replace the existing manual material handling system. The PLC controller deals with the movement of the vehicle in forward and reverse path with the use of four different sensors. Magnetic tape-based guiding lines that are relatively inexpensive, and less-complex are implemented for the movement of automated guided vehicle (AGV) in a specified path. Infrared sensor system is integrated to the AGV for effective obstacle detection during the material movement. Auto-charging of the batteries of the AGV without needing them to halt specifically for charging is implemented. The results showed that lithium-ion batteries are more suitable compared to the led-acid batteries for the present type of AGVs and their charging strategy. The overall AGV system showed promise and proved to be more productive and reliable compared to the previously existing manual material handling system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computational Mechanics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Computational Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Auto charging technique.,Automated guided vehicle,Jishuken,PLC programming
Research on intelligent logistics AGV control system based on PLC	2020	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the abstract is permitted for personal use only.With manpower sorting system in view of the traditional logistics delivery, shipping and modern logistics system of vehicle transport task allocation in unreasonable situation, this article has carried on the AGV control system based on PLC intelligent logistics research, USES the PLC controller as a smart car (Automated Guided Vehicles, AGV) control module of Siemens industrial control software STEP7 as a platform, for the research of the system hardware design and software design, for domestic logistics enterprises with comprehensive logistics warehouse, vehicle transportation path is more complicated, In this paper, a system optimization scheme based on Floyd shortest path algorithm is proposed. Experiments verify that managers can control vehicles in real-Time and master the necessary information and position of vehicles. The application of the improved Floyd shortest path algorithm in this system improves the operational efficiency of AGV path planning and reduces the task time.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Floyd. AGV,Intelligent logistics,S7-300. PLC
Real-time application of swarm and evolutionary algorithms for line follower automated guided vehicles: a comprehensive study	2020	Evolutionary Intelligence	2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.One of the most economical forms of automated guided vehicles (AGV) is a vision-based line follower. A line follower uses machine vision to extract the path shape from the captured image and follows it. Among many methods for path detection, some studies suggested using the real-time application of meta-heuristic population-based algorithms for visual line follower AGV. Generally, Swarm Intelligence and Evolutionary Algorithms are not well suited for real-time applications as they need generations to evolve. For this reason, a comprehensive study is presented to find the best solutions to this particular application. Artificial Bee Colony, Genetic Algorithm, Harmony Search, Imperialist Competitive Algorithm, and Particle Swarm Optimization were studied with three proposed objective functions that could assist path shape detection. The fastest and most reliable solution is optimized and tested on a real AGV platform. The AGV designed for this research has an independent onboard Raspberry Pi 3 with an ARM processor and it is capable of traversing the track fast and reliably. Furthermore, the proposed system does not require edge detection or down-sampling on captured images. Additionally, our newly developed direction inferring technique, the Triangle Closest Midpoint, enables the AGV to find its path even with faulty or incomplete input. As a result, a novel real-time meta-heuristic line follower AGV is presented in this research.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Mathematics (miscellaneous),Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	Automated guided vehicle,Evolutionary algorithm,Line follower,Machine vision,Swarm intelligence
Evaluation of tool selection rules in the flexible manufacturing system	2020	International Journal of Industrial Engineering and Production Research	Iran University of Science and Technology 2020The selection of an appropriate cutting tool for the production of different jobs in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) can play a pivotal role in the efficient utilization of the FMS. The selection procedure of a cutting tool for different production operations becomes more significant with the availability of similar types of tools in the FMS. In order to select and allocate appropriate cutting tools for various production operations in the FMS, the tool selection rules are commonly used. The application of tool selection rules is also observed to be beneficial when a system demands two or more tools for the production operations at different work centers at the same time in the FMS. In this paper, investigations are carried out to evaluate the performance of different tool selection rules in the FMS. Moreover, some new tool selection rules are introduced whose significance is reported here. The performance of the tool selection rules is evaluated by simulation with respect to different performance parameters in the FMS, namely makespan, mean work center utilization (%), and mean automatic tool transporter (ATT) utilization (%).	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Strategy and Management,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Autonomous tool transporter,Flexible manufacturing system,Rules,Simulation,Tool selection
Multi-objective invasive weeds optimisation algorithm for solving simultaneous scheduling of machines and multi-mode automated guided vehicles	2020	European Journal of Industrial Engineering	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.In this paper, a novel model is presented for machines and automated guided vehicles' simultaneous scheduling, which addresses an extension of the blocking job shop scheduling problem, considering the transferring of jobs between different machines using a limited number of multi-mode automated guided vehicles. Since the model is strictly NP-hard, and because objectives contradict each other, a meta-heuristic algorithm called 'multi-objective invasive weeds optimisation algorithm' with a new chromosome structure which guarantees the feasibility of solutions is developed to solve the proposed problem. Two other meta-heuristic algorithms namely 'non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm' and 'multi-objective particle swarm optimisation algorithm' are applied to validate the solutions obtained by the developed multi-objective invasive weeds optimisation algorithm. A certain method was applied to select the algorithm with the best performance. The result of ranking the algorithms indicated that the developed multi-objective invasive weeds optimisation algorithm had the best performance in terms of solving the mentioned problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Scheduling of automated guided vehicles and machines in flexible manufacturing systems: A simulation study	2020	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) have widely expanded in industry sectors all over the world. Scheduling is one of the problems that face the life cycle of FMSs. This paper introduces the simultaneous scheduling problem of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and machines in FMSs. The study is based on discrete event simulation (DES) to solve that problem using benchmark data used by previous studies. The objective of this study is to determine the starting and completion times of each job to minimise the makespan. The results validate the robustness of the simulation model, especially for large-scale problems. Furthermore, they are compared against the other approaches and show consistency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVs,Automated guided vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system,FMSs,Scheduling,Simulation
Load-In-Load-Out AGV Route Planning in Automatic Container Terminal	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Efficient automatic guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling is the key to increase the throughput of automated container terminals. Traditional transport strategies cannot guarantee that AGVs are fully loaded during their traveling between the dock and the container yard, which leads to the insufficient utilization of AGVs. A load-in-load-out AGV route planning mode provides two-way loading between the dock and the container yard and thus improves the efficiency of container terminals. In this paper, a load-in-load-out AGV route planning model is designed with the help of a buffer zone where an AGV can carry at most two containers. A simulated annealing algorithm is used to solve it. Comparisons with the popular generic algorithm and particle swarm algorithm are made. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can effectively solve the problem and realize the bi-directional loading of AGVs, which is of great significance to improve the efficiency of the production of automated container terminals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	AGV scheduling,automated container port,Load-in-load-out,simulated annealing algorithm
Adaptive network analytics for managing complex shop-floor logistics systems	2020	CIRP Annals	2020 CIRPThe paper suggests a novel workflow to solving adaptively the automated guided vehicle (AGV) fleet management problem with the key objective to serve production flawlessly. Departing from a material flow network model it is shown how an analysis using recent notions and methods of network science can detect the hidden structure of the overall problem. Once uncovered, this modularity-based structuring is exploited when balancing the expected load of vehicles and dynamically deciding their final dispatching. The paper presents stages of the workflow and the merits of its application on a series of comparative simulation studies taken from industrial experience.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dispatching,Logistics,Planning
Path Planning for Intelligent Parking System Based on Improved Ant Colony Optimization	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Based on automated guided vehicle (AGV), the intelligent parking system provides a novel solution to the difficulty of parking in large cities. The automation of parking/pick-up in the system hinges on the path planning efficiency of the AGV. Considering the numerous disconnected paths in intelligent parking systems, this paper introduces the fallback strategy to improve ant colony optimization (ACO) for path planning in AGV-based intelligent parking system. Meanwhile, the valuation function was adopted to optimize the calculation process of the heuristic information, and the reward/penalty mechanism was employed to the pheromone update strategy. In this way, the improved ACO could plan the optimal path for the AGV from the starting point to the destination, without sacrificing the search efficiency. Next, the optimal combination of ACO parameters was identified through repeated simulations. Finally, a typical parking lot was abstracted into a topological map, and used to compare the path planning results between the improved ACO and the classic ACO. The comparison confirms the effectiveness of the improved ACO in path planning for AGV-based intelligent parking system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	ant colony optimization (ACO),automated guided vehicle (AGV),Intelligent parking,path planning
Problems on one way road networks	2020	Journal of Graph Algorithms and Applications	2020, Brown University. All rights reserved.A One-Way Road Network is an ordered pair OW RN = (Wx, Wy) comprising of a set Wx of m directed horizontal roads along with another set Wy of n directed vertical roads. An OW RN can also be viewed as a directed grid graph GG = (V, E), where V corresponds to intersections between every pair of horizontal and vertical roads, and there is a directed edge between every pair of consecutive vertices in V in the same direction corresponding to that road. A vehicle c is defined as a 3-tuple (t, s, P), where c starts moving at time t and moves with a constant speed s from its start vertex to destination vertex along pre-specified directed path P, unless a collision occurs. A collision between a pair of vehicles ci and cj(i ≠ j) occurs if they reach a vertex (Formula Presented) (a junction in OW RN) orthogonally at the same time. A traffic configuration on an OW RN is a 2-tuple T C = (GG, C), where C is a set of vehicles, each travelling on a pre-specified path on GG. A collision-free T C is a traffic configuration without any collision. We prove that finding a maximum cardinality subset (Formula Presented), such that T C = (GG, Cmax) is collision-free, is NP-hard. We also show that GG can be preprocessed into a data-structure in O(n + m) time and space, such that the length of the shortest path between any pair of vertices in GG can be computed in O(1) time and the shortest path can be computed in O(p) time, where p is the number of vertices in the path.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all),Computer Science Applications,Geometry and Topology,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Directed graphs,Independent sets,Shortest path,Traffic configuration
An automated guided vehicle for flexible and interactive task execution in hospital scenarios	2020	CEUR Workshop Proceedings	Copyright  2020 for this paper by its authors. Use permitted under Creative Commons License Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0).We present the control architecture of a modular robotic system designed for hospital logistics. The robotics system is an automated guided vehicle that can autonomously perform tasks like carrying and delivering objects, medicines or devices, while interacting with humans in the hospital environment. Specifically, the robotic platform is designed to dock and move passive vehicles (like carts, containers, etc.), which dynamically change the robot shape and function during the task execution. We describe the overall control architecture focusing on the executive and the planning systems. We discuss the system at work in different scenarios considering both autonomous and interactive tasks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Computer Science (all)	AI and Robotics,Automated Guided Vehicles,Human-Robot Interaction,Robot Healthcare,Service Robotics
Service robot introduction to a restaurant enhances both labor productivity and service quality	2020	Procedia CIRP	2020 The Authors.This study introduces service robots to a restaurant company to reduce work hours and to improve service quality. The industry must enhance productivity because it is the lowest in the service industry, but service quality is a crucially important factor for added value. An automated guided vehicle (AGV) system for restaurant stores was developed and used in a Japanese cuisine restaurant. Service operations were changed. Work hour reduction was confirmed. Sales per labor hour were calculated to confirm productivity enhancement. Furthermore, service staff working time and place are recorded by a Pedestrian Dead-Reckoning System to analyze operations and to assume service quality changes. Results show that AGV introduction reduces work hours, and that it enhances labor productivity. Furthermore, each service group emphasizes their main task to enhance service quality at lunch time. Each group undertakes multitasking to enhance labor productivity by AGV introduction.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Restaurant productivity,Service engineering,Service robot,Service system
Development of relay protection device production on line control system based on CPS	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Science Press 2020.Smart grid relay protection device is the key equipment to ensure the security and stability of power grid operation, and it is the basis to realize the secure and stable supply of energy and the sustainable, healthy development of national economy. At present, the production of relay protection device is discrete island mode which slows down the production process, the automation degree of device assembly and testing process is not high, the production process is opaque, which reduce the output of the product. This paper designs an automatic production line control system which is based on model of Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), and meets the requirements of production process parameters, and realizes the automatic production of equipment assembly, testing, logistics etc. This system uses auto machines replacing human labor and designs logic timing control, and uses active Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tags to track device and detect relevant status. In this line system, each process station adopts modular design idea and uses PLC for independent control and data acquisition. Furthermore, the system has been integrated and tested in conjunction with Manufacturing Execution System (MES), the dispatching system of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), device product testing system. The production line based on CPS model is of great significance for improving shop floor’s environment, saving labor costs, and improving the quality and production efficiency of relay protection products.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cyber-Physical Systems, CPS,Decision control,Relay protection
Positioning and Trajectory Tracking for Caterpillar Vehicles in Unknown Environment	2020	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2020, ICROS, KIEE and Springer.This paper proposes positioning and trajectory tracking for Caterpillar Vehicles (CVs) in unknown environments. To do these tasks, the following are performed. Firstly, a system modeling of the Caterpillar Vehicle is presented. Secondly, solving the complicated tracking control problem in unknown environments is a challenging mission. Therefore, to guarantee the Caterpillar Vehicle system to be strong robustness against external disturbances in the unknown environments, a MIMO robust servo controller for tracking the desired trajectory is designed by using a Linear Shift Invariant Differential (LSID) operator. The CVs are able to accomplish various tasks in dangerous places where workers cannot enter. Thirdly, the positioning of the CV can be obtained using a Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) method. This paper develops perfectly the SLAM algorithm for positioning of the CV based on laser sensor Lidar. The main advantage of this method is that it does not need to use more landmarks. Landmarks can be obtained from the unknown environment. Thus, the CV can work even in unknown environments and unsafe places. Finally, to verify the effectiveness of the proposed MIMO robust servo controller and the SLAM positioning algorithm, the experimental results are presented. The experimental results demonstrate the adequate tracking performance of the proposed MIMO robust servo controller in the unknown environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	CV,EKF,LSID operator,MIMO,robust servo controller,SLAM
The Multi-objective Design Optimization of Automated Guided Vehicles Car Structure using Genetic Algorithms	2020	Proceedings of 2020 IEEE 11th International Conference on Mechanical and Intelligent Manufacturing Technologies, ICMIMT 2020	2020 IEEE.This paper aims to the new design method of automated guided vehicles (AGV) car structure. To obtain the optimum design, the multi-objective genetic algorithm (Moga) such as NSGA-II combined with Finite Element method (FEM) was developed to analyze the structure and to search the minimum mass and structural stress as two objective functions subject to two structural constraints, including with structural buckling and defection. Finally, the results of nondominated solutions were represented because of the trade-off between the structural mass and stress. This paper shows that it is possible to use NSGA-II combined with FEM to solve the optimum design of the AGV car structure as a multi-objective optimization problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Artificial Intelligence,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Ceramics and Composites,Metals and Alloys	AGV car,Genetic Algorithms,Multi-objective design optimization,Structural optimization
A CEGA-Based Optimization Approach for Integrated Designing of a Unidirectional Guide-Path Network and Scheduling of AGVs	2020	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2020 Haining Xiao et al.In the current industrial fields, automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely employed to constitute the flexible manufacturing system (FMS), owing to their great advantages of routing flexibility and high efficiency. However, one main challenge lies in the coupling process of the design problem of the unidirectional guide-path network (UGN) and the task scheduling problem of AGVs. To reduce the complexity, most pertinent literatures only handle these problems one by one, based on the stepwise design methods, thereby neglecting the constraint conditions and the optimization objectives caused by the FMS environment. The motivation of the paper is to bring the coupling factors into the integrated design and solution process. Firstly, an integrated design model of designing UGN and scheduling AGVs simultaneously is proposed, with the objective of minimizing the makespan (i.e., the maximum completion time of all handling tasks), in the consideration of the practical constraints, e.g., the job handling and processing sequence constraints and the AGV number constraint. Secondly, a dual-population collaborative evolutionary genetic algorithm (CEGA) is developed to solve the problems of designing and scheduling in a parallel way. The solutions of the integrated model, i.e., the potential strongly connected UGN and the feasible processing and handling sequence, are, respectively, coded as two different subpopulations with independent and concurrent evolution processes. The neighbourhood search operation, the niche technique, and the elitism strategy are combined to improve the convergence speed and maintain the population diversity. The experimental results show that the integrated design model can formulate the problem more accurately, and the CEGA algorithm is computationally efficient with high solution quality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Design of virtual diagnostic sensors for an automated guided vehicle	2020	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.This chapter describes the development and application of an innovative virtual sensor. The application is explained following the example of an automated guided vehicle. The explanation covers the mathematical model, the experimental verification and the experimental results.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Germany	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Indoor measurements with commercial 60 GHz WLAN components	2020	WSA 2020 - 24th International ITG Workshop on Smart Antennas	WSA 2020.The first wave of WLAN products compatible to the IEEE 802.11ad standard promise to enable extreme wireless throughput of up to 1 Gb/s, making the 60 GHz spectrum available for consumers. Concerning applicability of those devices, questions on actual physical layer performance in real-world scenarios arise. Among others, maximum achievable throughput, coverage, and standard compatibility can be examined. In this paper, we present measurement results investigating physical-layer performance measures of off-the-shelf 60 GHz wireless LAN (WLAN) hardware. In an indoor environment at an intersection of corridors, we consider a measurement scenario consisting of three access-points and a mobile station mounted on top of an automated guided vehicle (AGV), which allows to perform automated measurements within a predefined area. We verify our setup by comparing actual measurements of station (RSSI) and round-trip time (RTT) (i.e. distance between devices) with reference data. Results show, that coverage even under challenging non line-of-sight (NLOS) conditions can be achieved in the investigated scenario. The highest modulation and coding scheme (MCS), corresponding to a physical layer (PHY) bit-rate of 2310 Mb/s, can be achieved in approx. 80 % of locations. Measurement results of RTT accuracy, show that timing measurements are prone to misalignment of devices, but can achieve an accuracy with a standard deviation below 20 mm, when aligned properly. Further, user localization based on trilateration using three access-points can achieve accuracy below 1 m.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Instrumentation	None
Tightly ins/uwb combined indoor agv positioning in los/nlos environment	2020	Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering, LNICST	ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering 2020.In view of the defects and shortcomings of traditional Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) robots in the localization mode and working scene, this paper studies the tightly-coupled integrated localization strategy based on inertial navigation system (INS) with ultra wide band (UWB). This paper presents an interactive multi-model (IMM) to solve the influence of non-line-of-sight (NLOS) on positioning accuracy. In IMM framework, two parallel Kalman filter (KF) models are used to filter the measured distance simultaneously, and then IMM distance is obtained by weighted fusion of two KF filtering results. This paper adopts the tightly-coupled combined method, and performs indoor positioning by extending Kalman filter (EKF). Experiments show that the method can effectively suppress the influence of NLOS error and improve the localization accuracy.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications	Extending kalman filter (EKF),Kalman filter (KF),Tightly-coupled
Multi-AGVs Pathfinding Based on Improved Jump Point Search in Logistic Center	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In recent years, automated guided vehicle (AGV) is becoming increasingly important for logistic center, which usually has tens of thousands of express packages to sort and transport every day. In order to achieve higher transportation and sorting throughput, we need to plan a feasible path for every AGV, so that sorting tasks can be finished with high performance. In this paper, we therefore study a lifelong version of the MAPF problem, called the multi-agent pickup and delivery (MAPD) problem. In the MAPD problem, one agent has to first move to a given pickup location and then to a given delivery location while avoiding collisions with other agents. We present an algorithm named Improved Jump Point Search which contains two stages. Offline phase computes all jump points and online phase plans conflict-free path for every AGV. Furthermore, we propose a strategy called Congestion Control which can guide AGVs in local congestion situations and reduce overlapping between paths. Compared with existing work like Cooperative A* and Jump Point Search, experimental results demonstrate that our algorithm has a higher throughput and fewer waiting steps.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Jump point search,Multi-AGVs,Path planning
Benchmarking low-cost inertial measurement units for indoor localisation and navigation of AGVs	2020	Procedia CIRP	2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.In the last decade, the landscape of distribution and warehousing has drastically changed and is increasingly dominated by automated guided vehicles (AGVs) transporting palletised goods. The benefits that AGVs brought to the factory floor among which the decreasing labour costs, increasing safety, accuracy and productivity were also noticed by other sectors such as manufacturing, retail, e-commerce and, even military and healthcare. Nevertheless, the high initial investment and maintenance costs of these systems still remain bottlenecks for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), slowing down their transition towards Industry 4.0. This demands for cost-effective AGVs equipped with low-cost exteroceptive and proprioceptive sensors for indoor navigation and localisation in highly dynamic environments. Therefore, this work presents the benchmarking of three low-cost and one medium-cost inertial measurement units (IMUs) characterised by an oft-recurring static analysis extended with a dynamic analysis. The former is based on the Overlapping Allan Variance (OAVAR) method and compares various sensor metrics such as white noise, bias offset and bias instability. The latter compares step and frequency response parameters of the IMUs, while being subjected to frequency ranges similar to those observed during AGV operation. In addition, these low and medium-cost IMUs are mounted on a mobile platform and applied in an indoor use case with a view to implement simultaneous localisation and mapping (SLAM) for AGVs in production sites. The influence of these IMUs on SLAM is investigated based on absolute and relative map metrics. Finally, it can be stated that with regard to AGV operation, the low-cost IMUs perform equally well compared to the medium-cost IMU.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Absolute,Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU),Inertial Navigation System (INS),Overlapping Allan Variance (OAVAR),Relative map metrics,Simultaneous Localisation And Mapping (SLAM),Static and dynamic characterisation
Cognitive and artificial intelligence system for logistics industry	2020	International Journal of Innovative Computing and Applications	2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Artificial intelligence is an important branch of cognitive science. Artificial intelligence has been applied to medical, education, logistics and other industries, which has broad prospects for development. Hotel logistics industry uses artificial intelligence technology to complete intelligent search, face recognition, combined with large data calculation and planning reasonable path in warehousing. Taking China's hotel logistics industry as the research object, this paper analyses the application of artificial intelligence technology in the logistics industry. In the warehousing process, artificial intelligence technologies including compile storage code, automatic picking with automated guided vehicle, warehouse robot to improve work efficiency. Logistics distribution links use artificial intelligence technology to plan the best path, improve the recognition rate of express waybill that save a lot of labour. Artificial intelligence technology allocates logistics resources, optimises logistics links, and improves logistics efficiency and other measures to promote the development of logistics informatisation and automation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Hardware and Architecture,Software,Theoretical Computer Science	AI,Artificial intelligence,Cognitive technology,Hotel logistics industry
Vision-based path detection of an automated guided vehicle using flower pollination algorithm	2020	Ain Shams Engineering Journal	2020 THE AUTHORSThe automated guided vehicle (AGV) with sensor recognition method is having shortcomings such as high cost and noise. In this regard, the flower pollination algorithm (FPA) is applied in the path detection system of an AGV, in combination with computer vision. The path detection system starts with image acquisition using an onboard camera. The captured image is then preprocessed to obtain simple contrast of the path. Subsequently, the FPA is used to find a set of solution points fall inside the path zone. A regression model is formed as path guidance for AGV to travel accordingly. The performance of FPA is analyzed via simulation and real-world experiment using a robotic platform and tested on commonly seen line patterns in the industrial environment. The effectiveness of FPA in path detection is also compared with particle swarm optimization. The obtained results demonstrate the promising feasibility of the proposed FPA-based path detection system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Flower pollination algorithm,Line detection,Line follower,Machine vision
Dynamic Resource Reservation Based Collision and Deadlock Prevention for Multi-AGVs	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely used for material handling in warehouses and automated production lines due to their high efficiency and low cost. However, AGVs usually interact with each other because of the restricted capacity of the layout. Although many algorithms have been proposed to address the problem, most of them are inefficient for collision and deadlock avoidance in dynamic environments. This paper proposes a dynamic resource reservation (DRR) based method supporting time-efficient scheduling and collision avoidance of multiple AGVs. In this method, the layout is divided into square blocks with the same size that are abstracted as points in the undirected graph. In order to solve the collision and deadlock problem dynamically, the shared resource points of each vehicle are extracted from their guide paths in real time. Unlike the traditional approaches most of which adopt a static point occupation policy, DRR exploits dynamical reservations of shared resource points to change AGV movement states for avoiding collisions and deadlocks, resulting in better time efficiency. We jointly implement the algorithm on both central and local controllers. Extensive simulation results demonstrate the feasibility and efficiency of the proposed collision and deadlock prevention method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicles,deadlock and collision prevention,resource reservation,shared resource points
Multi-type resources collaborative scheduling in automated warehouse with fuzzy processing time	2020	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2020-IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.The efficient operation of Intelligent Warehousing System does not rely on individual resource scheduling in stages but multi-type resources collaborative scheduling. In this paper, a collaborative scheduling model for stackers, automated guided vehicles and picking workstations in outbound process is abstracted into a hybrid flow-shop scheduling problem within an automated warehouse scene. Considering the impacts of uncertain factors related to scheduling, the objective function of this model is minimizing the makespan based on the triangular fuzzy processing time. A genetic algorithm is designed to obtain feasible solution of this model with the form of vector coding and the approach of ranking fuzzy numbers. Example analysis shows that the validity of the model and algorithm is verified. Within different resource allocation schemes, their evaluating indexes are significantly different, which are the likely completion time of system operation, the capability coordination degree and the initial investment. Furthermore, the increase of picking workstations is contributed much more to reducing the likely completion time and to improving the capability coordination degree than that of automated guided vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	Automated warehouse,capability coordination degree,collaborative scheduling,fuzzy processing time,genetic algorithm
Wearable camera-based human absolute localization in large warehouses	2020	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2020 SPIE.In a robotised warehouse, as in any place where robots move autonomously, a major issue is the localization or detection of human operators during their intervention in the work area of the robots. This paper introduces a wearable human localization system for large warehouses, which utilize preinstalled infrastructure used for localization of automated guided vehicles (AGVs). A monocular down-looking camera is detecting ground nodes, identifying them and computing the absolute position of the human to allow safe cooperation and coexistence of humans and AGVs in the same workspace. A virtual safety area around the human operator is set up and any AGV in this area is immediately stopped. In order to avoid triggering an emergency stop because of the short distance between robots and human operators, the trajectories of the robots have to be modified so that they do not interfere with the human. The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate an absolute visual localization method working in the challenging environment of an automated warehouse with low intensity of light, massively changing environment and using solely monocular camera placed on the human body.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Camera-based Localization,Human Localization,Warehouse Systems
An Effective Discrete Artificial Bee Colony Algorithm for Scheduling an Automatic-Guided-Vehicle in a Linear Manufacturing Workshop	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This paper deals with a new automatic guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling problem from the material handling process in a linear manufacturing workshop. The problem is to determine a sequence of Cells for AGV to travel to minimize the standard deviation of the waiting time of the Cells and the total travel distance of AGV. For this purpose, we first propose an integer linear programming model based on a comprehensive investigation. Then, we present an improved nearest-neighbor-based heuristic so as to fast generate a good solution in view of the problem-specific characteristics. Next, we propose an effective discrete artificial bee colony algorithm with some novel and advanced techniques including a heuristic-based initialization, six neighborhood structures and a new evolution strategy in the onlooker bee phase. Finally, the proposed algorithms are empirically evaluated based on several typical instances from the real-world linear manufacturing workshop. A comprehensive and thorough experiment shows that the presented algorithm produces superior results which are also demonstrated to be statistically significant than the existing algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,discrete artificial bee colony algorithm,heuristic,linear manufacturing workshop,scheduling
Multi-objective optimization of job shops with automated guided vehicles: A non-dominated sorting cuckoo search algorithm	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part O: Journal of Risk and Reliability	IMechE 2020.The reliability of machinery and automated guided vehicle has been one of the most important challenges to enhance production efficiency in several manufacturing systems. Reliability improvement would result in a simultaneous reduction of both production times and transportation costs of the materials, especially in automated guided vehicles. This article aims to conduct a practical multi-objective reliability optimization model for both automated guided vehicles and the machinery involved in a job-shop manufacturing system, where different machines and the storage area through some parallel automated guided vehicles handle materials, parts, and other production needs. While similar machines in each shop are limited to failures based on either an Exponential or a Weibull distribution via a constant rate, the machines in different shops fail based on different failure rates. Meanwhile, as the model does not contain any closed-form equation to measure the machine reliability in the case of Weibull failure, a simulation approach is employed to estimate the shop reliability to be further maximized using the proposed model. Besides, the automated guided vehicles are restricted to failures according to an Exponential distribution. Furthermore, choosing the best locations of the shops is proposed among some potential places. The proposed NP-Hard problem is then solved by designing a novel non-dominated sorting cuckoo search algorithm. Furthermore, a multi-objective teaching-learning-based optimization, as well as a multi-objective invasive weed optimization are designed to validate the results obtained. Ultimately, a novel AHP-TOPSIS method is carried out to rank the algorithms in terms of six performance metrics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	AHP-TOPSIS,Automated guided vehicle,cuckoo search algorithm,reliability optimization,Weibull failure rate
A Multi-AGV Optimal Scheduling Algorithm Based on Particle Swarm Optimization	2020	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.With the increasing use of AGV in industrial automation system, it is necessary to study reasonable task allocation plan and optimized scheduling of AGV to ensure efficient transportation. This paper proposes a multi-AGV optimal scheduling algorithm based on particle swarm optimization in intelligent warehousing system. Based on the analysis of the operating mechanism of the AGV equipment and the scheduling requirements of the warehouse environment, a mathematical model is established to optimize the scheduling strategy. The minimum value of the objective function of the optimization problem is obtained by using the particle swarm optimization algorithm, that is, the time for the multi-AGV to complete the transportation task in the fixed cycle is the shortest. Combining the characteristics of this problem, the particle swarm optimization algorithm is able to enhance the ability of global search and increase the possibility of finding the optimal scheduling strategy. The simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can shorten the AGV waiting time and improve the system operation efficiency, which provides an optimized and practical way for multi-AGV scheduling in warehouse system.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Automatic guided vehicle,Intelligent warehousing,Optimal scheduling,Particle swarm optimization
Toward high degree flexible routing in collision-free FMSs through automated guided vehicles’ dynamic strategy: A simulation metamodel	2020	ISA Transactions	2019 ISAThe present study proposes a simulation-based model of high degree flexible routing to prevent collisions and deadlocks in flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). High degree flexible routing concurrently involves classical routing strategies (specifies the destination and static/dynamic routing between origin and destination) with routing flexibility (considers alternatives to select as destination). A new approach named Tandem-Queue-Link with a look-ahead (TQL-A) is proposed in which the look-ahead mechanism supports deadlock prevention. The TQL-A performs a collision-free status for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) routing with flexible dynamic strategy. The main contribution of the present study is to implement the routing flexible levels (RFLs) by dynamic flexible routing (DFR) as a high degree flexible routing strategy. The most efficient parameters of this highly complex FMS are designed using a multi-objective nonlinear programming model extracted from simulation metamodels based on different hypotheses. Results support some of the considered hypotheses and show the complicated relationship between different values of FMS design parameters and different levels of routing flexibility. Metamodel validity through a typical case study defines that the higher values of velocity and acceleration/deceleration can compensate the level of routing flexibility but other parameters that are influenced by the active parameter (i.e. those related to loading/unloading time) have not any sensible influence on the output.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	AGV,Collision-free,Dynamic flexible routing,Routing flexible levels,Simulation metamodels
Design and development of intelligent handling system for components in small and medium scale industries	2020	Materials Today: Proceedings	2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.Methodical material handling is essential in any production industry to minimize congestion and nonproductive time of machines due to non-availability or accumulation of materials at various workstations. The material handling system must be defined and composed to accomplish the customer requirements. This calls for adapting automation in material movement devices. Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) suit when different materials or components are being relocated across various workstations and at entry and at dispatch points. Recent advances in AGV technology have offered enhancements in vehicle guidance and navigation, vehicle intelligence and control and overall safety. This paper focuses on development of an AGV for handling variety of components in small and medium scale industries with application of artificial intelligence to train it to handle the predictable situations and circumstances in the environment with an appropriate case study.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Materials Science (all)	Artificial intelligence (ai),Automated guided vehicle (agv),Image processing,Material handling,Small and medium enterprise (sme)
Application of Renewable Solar Energy with Autonomous Vehicles: A Review	2020	Lecture Notes in Civil Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.In the last two decades, automation and artificial intelligence improve accuracy as well as the quality of product and reduced processing time due to enormous advancement in the technology of robotics. At the present time, the most crucial factors in the modern world are scarcity of energy resources for global demand. Due to environmental issues and legislative straining, electrification is a glaring inclination to renovate performance and sustainability of the transportation system. Solar photovoltaic technology is an important research area to convert solar energy into useful electrical power. So far, robot extracts electrical energy stored in the batteries to run its mechanical, electrical and electronic devices to perform several tasks for industrial as well as commercial work. The robot can operate in a hazardous environment for a long duration of time without human assistant with high accuracy.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	0	Civil and Structural Engineering	Autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs),Hybrid vehicles (HVs),Mars exploration rovers (MER),Photovoltaic (PV)
FLEXIBLE ASSEMBLY SYSTEM FOR UNMANNED FACTORY.	2020	Program Assem	The concept and features of a flexible automatic assembly system for different products are described. The assembly system consists of programmable assembly cells with industrial robots, special stations, a storage for parts, and automated guided vehicles for flexible interlinking.	Book	b	bk	Book	Germany	1	Engineering (all)	None
Analysis and Design of Cost-effective WPT Systems with Dual Independently Regulatable Outputs for Automatic Guided Vehicles	2020	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics	IEEERecently, wireless power transfer (WPT) charging systems attract extensive attention for overcoming the drawbacks of the traditional plugging charging systems, making it becomes a promising candidate for automatic guided vehicles (AGVs). As AGVs&#x2018; ap-plications, it is quite essential to lower the cost and save space. In order to supply power for both the driving system and control system simultaneously, a dual independently regulatable outputs (DIRO) WPT system without DC-DC converters is presented. Only two diodes and two MOSFETs are employed for the rectifier circuit on the secondary side. A 500W prototype is built to verify the feasibility of the proposed system. Experimental results show when a load varies and its output current is regulated with open-loop control, the maximum output current fluctuation of the other load is only &#x00B1;0.688%, verifying the dual outputs are independently regulatable. With closed-loop control, the output voltages can be regulated to the desired ones and remain constant when the loads alter or misalignments happen. The overall efficiency ranges from 86.22% to 90.93%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automatic guided vehicles (AGVs),Batteries,Control systems,DC-DC power converters,dual independently regulatable outputs (DIRO),MOSFET,Pulse width modulation,Receivers,Voltage control,Wireless power transfer (WPT)
Sensor-network-based navigation of delivery robot for baggage handling in international airport	2020	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2020.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have been regarded as a promising means for the future delivery industry by many logistic companies. Several AGV-based delivery systems have been proposed, but they generally have drawbacks in delivering and locating baggage by magnet line, such as the high maintenance cost, and it is hard to change the trajectory of AGV. This article considers using multi-AGVs as delivery robots to coordinate and sort baggage in the large international airport. This system has the merit of enlarging the accuracy of baggage sorting and delivering. Due to the inaccurate transportation efficiency, a time-dependent stochastic baggage delivery system is proposed and a stochastic model is constructed to characterize the running priority and optimal path planning for multi-AGVs according to the flight information. In the proposed system, ultra-wideband technology is applied to realize precisely positioning and navigation for multi-AGVs in the baggage distribution center. Furthermore, the optimal path planning algorithm based on time-window rules and rapidly exploring random tree algorithm is considered to avoid collision and maneuverability constraints and to determine whether the running path for each AGV is feasible and optimal. Computer simulations are conducted to demonstrate the performance of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	automated guided vehicle,baggage handling system,delivery robot,path planning,Stochastic time-dependent network
Automated guided vehicles in modular integrated construction: potentials and future directions	2020	Construction Innovation	2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: This paper aims to examine the potentials of using automated guided vehicle (AGV) technology in modular integrated construction (MiC) to realise logistics automation in module manufacturing and transport. Design/methodology/approach: This paper adopts a scenario approach through three phases (i.e. scenario preparation, development and transfer), with six steps performed iteratively. The scenarios were systematically developed using a six-aspect socio-technical framework. Data were collected through a comprehensive literature review, site visits and interviews with relevant stakeholders and professionals. Implications regarding strength, weakness, opportunities and challenges and future research directions are provided. Findings: The developed scenarios of “smart manufacturing” and “last-mile delivery” demonstrated how AGVs could be used to enhance efficiency and productivity in module manufacturing and transport. The synergies between AGVs and emerging information technologies should pave a good foundation for realising logistics automation in MiC. Future research should address: how to define the tasks of AGVs, how will the use of AGVs impact MiC practices, how to design AGV-integrated module manufacturing/transport systems and how to integrate people factors into the use of AGVs in MiC. Practical implications: This paper reveals the socio-technical benefits and challenges of using AGVs in MiC. Originality/value: This study extends the understanding of using logistics automation in MiC as emerging research directions, with the intention of directing scholars’ and practitioners’ interest into future exploration. It is the first attempt in its kind. Its findings could be extended to constitute a comprehensive development roadmap and prospects of automation in modular construction.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all),Civil and Structural Engineering,Architecture,Building and Construction	Automated guided vehicle,Modular construction,Modular integrated construction,Offsite construction,Offsite manufacturing
Energy-efficient multi-objective flexible manufacturing scheduling	2020	Journal of Cleaner Production	2020 Elsevier LtdThis paper presents a novel scheduling of a resource-constrained Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) with consideration of the following sub-problems: (i) machine loading and unloading, (ii) manufacturing operation scheduling, (iii) machine assignment, and (iv) Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) scheduling. In the proposed model, both the AGV and machinery are considered as the required resources. Energy efficiency of AGVs has been studied in order to improve environmental sustainability in terms of a linear function, which is based on load and distance, accordingly. Because of the NP-hard characteristics of the problem, a modified multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MMOPSO) has been developed for solving the model and compared with the classic version of the multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) algorithm in terms of five performance metrics. Finally, the results are evaluated by the application of a multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) algorithm according to which the MMOPSO outperforms the MOPSO.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS),Multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO),Scheduling
A MIMO robust servo controller design method for omnidirectional automated guided vehicles using polynomial differential operator	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.This paper proposes a MIMO robust servo controller design method for a three wheeled Omnidirectional Automated Guided Vehicles (OAGVs) with a disturbance to track desired references using a polynomial differential operator. The process for designing the proposed controller can be described as follows: Firstly, modeling of the MIMO three-wheeled OAGV are presented. Secondly, a new extended system is obtained by applying the polynomial differential operator to the state space model and the output velocity error vector. Thirdly, the proposed controller for the given plant is designed by using the pole assignment method. By applying an inverse polynomial differential operator, a servo compensator is obtained. Finally, in order to verify the effectiveness of the proposed controller, the numerical simulation results are shown. The simulation results show that the proposed controller has good tracking performance under a step type of disturbance and the complicated higher order reference signals such as ramp and parabola. These simulation results are compared with those of the adaptive controller proposed by Bui, T. L. in 2013. The proposed controller shows the better tracking performance than the adaptive controller.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	MIMO,OAGV,Polynomial differential operator,Three-wheeled
Automated guided vehicle systems, state-of-the-art control algorithms and techniques	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2019 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersAutomated guided vehicles (AGVs) form a large and important part of the logistic transport systems in today's industry. They are used on a large scale, especially in Europe, for over a decade. Current employed AGV systems and current systems offered by global manufacturers almost all operate under a form of centralized control: one central controller controls the whole fleet of AGVs. The authors do see a trend towards decentralized systems where AGVs make individual decisions favoring flexibility, robustness, and scalability of transportation. Promoted by the paradigm shift of Industry 4.0 and future requirements, more research is conducted towards the decentralization of AGV-systems in academia while global leading manufacturers start to take an active interest. That said, this implementation seems still in infancy. Currently, literature is dominated by central as well as by decentral control techniques and algorithms. For researchers in the field and for AGV developers, it is hard to find structure in the growing amount of algorithms for various types of applications. This paper is, to this purpose, meant to provide a good overview of all AGV-related control algorithms and techniques. Not only those that were used in the early stages of AGVs, but also the algorithms and techniques used in the most recent AGV-systems, as well as the algorithms and techniques with high potential.	Journal	j	re	Review	Belgium	10	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV-systems,Centralized,Control Techniques,Decentralized,Potential future techniques,State-of-the-art
Platooning of Automated Ground Vehicles to Connect Port and Hinterland: A Multi-objective Optimization Approach	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Automated ground vehicles (AGVs) are essential parts of container operations at many ports. Forming platoons—as conceptually established in trucking—may allow these vehicles to directly cater demand points such as dry ports in the hinterland. In this work, we aim to assess such AGV platoons in terms of operational efficiency and costs, considering the case of the Port of Rotterdam. We propose a multi-objective mixed-integer programming model that minimizes dwell and idle times, on the one hand, and the total cost of the system involving transportation, labor, and platoon formation costs, on the other hand. To achieve Pareto optimal solutions that capture the trade-offs between minimizing cost and time, we apply an augmented epsilon constraint method. The results indicate that all the containers are delivered by AGVs. This not only shortens the dwell time of the containers by decreasing loading/unloading processes and eliminating stacking but also leads to considerable cost savings.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automated ground vehicles,Container terminals,Emission analysis,Loading/unloading operations,Platooning
Planning approach for quayside dimensioning of automated traffic areas and impact on equipment investment	2020	Operations Research/ Computer Science Interfaces Series	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In this chapter, the author first provides an overview of the quayside activities of a modern seaport container terminal. On this basis, he compares the space requirements of two different operations systems for horizontal container transport and derives reasonable planning assumptions for dimensioning their terminal layout: The focus is, on the one hand, on automated guided vehicle systems which perform quayside container transport, e.g., at several terminals on the Maasvlakte (Rotterdam) and, on the other hand, on automated straddle carrier systems being in operation, e.g., at the Brisbane Container Terminal on Fishermans Island or the TraPac Container Terminal in Los Angeles. Both system alternatives are investigated in combination with semi-automated cranes at quay wall and automated (rail-mounted) yard cranes working perpendicular to quay. Noting that in practice, only pure automated SC systems can be met until today taking both the quayside container transport and the stacking operations within the yard. Main areas for analysing planning assumptions are the quay crane portal and backreach as well as the traffic area in front of the yard blocks. Based on the findings gained by the analysis, for both systems, the author provides a viable quayside layout and an investment comparison of the equipment required for operating a mainliner berth.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Germany	0	Computer Science (all),Management Science and Operations Research	None
A Collision and Deadlock Prevention Method with Traffic Sequence Optimization Strategy for UGN based AGVS	2020	IEEE Access	CCBYDue to the advantages of high efficiency and flexibility, the Automatic Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) has been more and more widely used in many industries. However, one of the main challenges in AGVS control is how to prevent collision and deadlock between vehicles. Although many collision and deadlock prevention algorithms have been proposed, they are inefficient for the AGVS based on a unidirectional guide-path network (UGN). In order to solve this problem, this paper proposes a collision and deadlock prevention method with a traffic sequence optimization strategy for the UGN-based AGVS. First, a vehicle coordination method based on the semaphore theory and Internet of Things (IoT) positioning technology is proposed to prevent collisions and intersection congestion deadlocks. Then, to avoid cycle deadlocks, a cycle deadlock search and avoid algorithm based on the digraph theory is developed. After that a bidding mechanism-based strategy is developed to optimize the vehicle traffic sequence in each path intersection. Finally, extensive simulation tests are conducted to verify the performance of the proposed methods and strategy. Simulation results show that, compared to the zone controlled (ZC) methods, the average travel time of the proposed methods is reduced by 6.2%&#x2013;29.6%, and the average throughput is increased by 3.5%&#x2013;27.4%. Also, the bidding mechanism-based traffic sequence optimization strategy can not only increase the average throughput of the processing subsystem but also reduce the congestion and deadlock risk of the logistics transportation subsystem. The proposed method is suitable for an UGN-based AGVS in the manufacturing application environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle system,collision and deadlock prevention,traffic sequence optimization,unidirectional guide-path network
A bio-inspired scheduling approach for machines and automated guided vehicles in flexible manufacturing system using hormone secretion principle	2020	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2020.The product quality and production efficiency of a flexible manufacturing system have improved effectively by introducing the computer management and the material transportation system. The flexible manufacturing system performance greatly depends on the performance of the material transportation system. As a mobile robot controlled by a central controller, an automated guided vehicle has a strong ability for material transportation. This article studies a dynamic scheduling problem in a shop floor, where machines and automated guided vehicles run at a specified speed and specifies a mathematical model for the dynamic scheduling problem with the goal of makespan minimization. Meanwhile, inspired by the hormone secretion principle of the endocrine system, a bio-inspired scheduling optimization approach is developed to solve the dynamic scheduling problem in the flexible manufacturing system. To verify its practical application, the bio-inspired scheduling optimization approach and other scheduling approaches are tested, and the results illustrate that the bio-inspired scheduling optimization approach has better scheduling performance as well as optimizes the quality of integrated and real-time scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	automated guided vehicle,Bio-inspired scheduling approach,dynamic scheduling,hormone secretion principle,real-time coordination mechanism
Global Logistics in the Era of Industry 4.0	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.This study aims at determining the impact and level of implementation of technology drivers such as automatic identification technology, communication technology, and information technology to Nigerian logistics firm. A structured questionnaire was used to collect necessary data from respondents. The research hypothesis was tested using the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient to justify results of the survey. A total of 90 logistics companies were selected in Lagos Nigeria to represent the 50% of the population which is urbanized. The result from the Pearson correlation coefficient shows that there was a strong negative correlation between implementation of technologies and Nigeria logistics chain. The result also revealed that implementation levels of Barcode, Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), Geographical Positioning System (GPS), Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), and Distribution Requirement Planning (DRP) are very high whereas Radio Frequency Identification (RFID), Voice Recognition Technology (VRT), Very Small Aperture Terminal (VSAT), Geographical Information System (GIS), Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS), and Automated Inventory Tracking System (AITS) are very low in Nigerian logistics firm. The main barriers to full implementation of the technology tools to Nigerian logistics firm are lack of awareness on IT tools, poor logistics standard, cost of implementation of IT infrastructure and government policies. From the findings of the survey, logistics firm in Nigeria should fully implement technology tools in their logistics operations.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Communication technology,Identification technology,Information technology,Logistics,Pearson correlation
Multi-AGVs scheduling and path planning algorithm in automated sorting warehouse 自动化分拣仓库中多AGV调度与路径规划算法	2020	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	2020, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.The automated sorting warehouses are operated by multiple AGVs simultaneously, which can quickly sort a large number of packages. How to determine the handling package sequence for AGVs and plan the conflict-free path is the key to the sorting operation. In order to improve sorting efficiency, aiming at minimizing the maximum handling completion time, firstly, the priority of the conflicting AGVs is defined and a path planning algorithm for generating a conflict-free path is proposed. Furthermore, considering the AGV scheduling and path planning comprehensively, an improved differential evolution algorithm is proposed, the algorithm generates the initial population based on the opposition-based learning, uses adaptive mutation and crossover probabilities to evolve individuals, a dynamic differential evolution strategy is designed to improve the convergence speed, the exchange neighborhood and the insertion neighborhood based on the key AGV are designed for local search. The effectiveness of the algorithm is verified by data experiments, and the key parameters are analyzed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Automated sorting warehouse,Differential evolution algorithm,Path planning,Scheduling
Integrated scheduling in automated container terminals considering AGV conflict-free routing	2020	Transportation Letters	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In automated container terminals, effectively scheduling quay cranes (QCs), automated guided vehicles (AGVs), automated stacking cranes (ASCs) and AGV routing are two important problems. This paper studies the combinatorial optimization of two problems in the synchronous loading and unloading operation mode of the automated container terminal. First, a bi-level programming model for integrated scheduling problems is established with the goal of minimizing the completion time of all containers. Secondly, in order to solve the model, we design two bi-level optimization algorithms based on conflict resolution strategy: bi-level adaptive genetic algorithm based on conflict resolution strategy (CRS-BAGA) and bi-level genetic algorithm based on conflict resolution strategy (CRS-BGA). Finally, the effectiveness of the two optimization algorithms is verified by numerical experiments. Experimental results show that the proposed optimization algorithms are effective. They can coordinate the scheduling of three equipments and solve the conflict congestion problem of AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Transportation	Automated container terminal,combinatorial optimization,genetic algorithm,integrated scheduling,synchronous loading and unloading
An end-to-end reinforcement learning method for automated guided vehicle path planning	2020	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2020 SPIEBased on the Internet of Things, intelligent logistics warehouses are flourishing. As an automatic transport vehicle, AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) plays an important role in improving the efficiency of production logistics system. Aiming at the dynamic change and local unknown characteristics of the intelligent warehouse environment, our method enables AGV to have a certain degree of self-learning ability to cope with these problems. The traditional path planning algorithm is difficult to operate in unknown environment without prior map knowledge. To solve this, we propose an end-to-end AGV path planning method to make AGV obtain the optimal action from the original visual image and LIDAR information. In addition, a deep reinforcement learning method is employed to train AGV, combining prioritized experience replay mechanism and double deep Q network with the dueling architecture, to make AGV has a certain generalization ability for unknown environment and adaptability for a dynamic environment by making the AGV perform continuous trial and error in different simulated maps during the training process and testing the trained AGV in unfamiliar and unknown environments. For the design of the simulated map, we build it according to the layout of the smart warehouse and the characteristics of obstacles. Simulation experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV path planning,Deep reinforcement learning,Dynamic environment,End-to-end,Generalization ability,Prioritized experience replay
Performance analysis of a flexible flow shop with random and state-dependent batch transport	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In many manufacturing contexts, performance modelling of an integrated production and material handling system is a complex problem. Existing research lacks an in-depth consideration of the integration of these two areas. A flexible flow shop with random and state-dependent batch transport, where the batch size depends on the number of jobs in the buffers and the capacity of automated guided vehicles, is considered and modelled as an open queueing network with blocking. A decomposition method of state space is proposed for computing system performance measures. The accuracy and efficiency of the proposed method are demonstrated by comparing the results with simulations from numerical experiments. Meanwhile, the properties of the system, especially for material handling processes, are investigated and analyzed according to the experiments. The results of this paper can be used as a basis for system design, analysis, and resource planning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicle,batch transport,flexible flow shop,performance analysis,queueing networks
Lane line recognition based on improved 2D-gamma function and variable threshold Canny algorithm under complex environment	2020	Measurement and Control (United Kingdom)	The Author(s) 2020.The visual guidance of AGV (automated guided vehicle) has gradually become one of the most important perception methods. Aiming at the problem that it is difficult to extract lane line accurately when AGV is running in complex working environment (such as uneven illumination, overexposure, lane line is not obvious, etc.), a scheme of lane line recognition under complex environment is proposed. Firstly, the variable scale image correction is carried out for the uneven illumination area in ROI (region of interest), and the threshold of Canny algorithm is adjusted adaptively according to the luminance of ROI region by Fuzzy-Canny algorithm; Secondly, the edge points matching the lane width feature are extracted by the way of aerial view. Finally, the curve fitting method based on RANSAC (Random Sample Consensus) is used to fit a curve with the lowest error rate and then get the lane center curve. The experimental results show that the processing algorithm used in this paper is feasible and effective, has strong robustness and fast computing performance, and can meet the requirements of intelligent AGV in various complex environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Instrumentation,Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	2D-Gamma function,automated guided vehicle,Fuzzy-Canny algorithm,lane line detection,lane width characteristics
Development of automated guided vehicles for a smart factory: A project-based learning experience	2020	International Symposium on Project Approaches in Engineering Education	2020 University of Minho. All rights reserved.Manufacturers are facing a challenge from customer demands of product variety in several small batch sizes that desperately need a flexible material handling system. This challenge stimulated the idea of developing a flexible material handling system to support student learning in an Erasmus+ Curriculum Development of Master's Degree Program in Industrial Engineering for Thailand Sustainable Smart Industry (MSIE4.0) funded by the European Commission. It also became a Master thesis on managing a fleet of automated guided vehicles (AGVs). This paper discusses the learning experience gained over the project timeline. Several activities have been done both academic and non-academic throughout this journey of project-based learning, and from identifying the problem statement to the delivery of five in-house AGVs and their management system. Prior to the design of the five AGVs, a small prototype was built and a network was tested for proof of concept. Furthermore, a set of experiments were conducted to ensure repeatability and reproducibility can be achieved. Many more activities including making a bill of materials and contact vendors were done once it was time for full-scale development. Challenges encountered along the journey and our way of overcoming these challenges are also discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Engineering (all),Education	AGVs,Material handling systems,PBL,Smart factory,Thesis
An Indoor Low-Cost and High-Accuracy Localization Approach for AGVs	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Demanding for warehousing automation and intelligence is critical with the rapid development of information and big data teleology. In most storehouses, cargos are mainly carried by Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) or even manpower. Most AGVs follow predefined paths that are normally paved by some marks detected by AGVs. It largely limits the application of AGVs. Some AGVs relies on highly accurate Light Laser Detection and Ranging (LiDAR) devices for navigation. The paper presents a low-cost localization approach for indoor AGVs with the localization accuracy up to centimetres. The proposed method not only allows an AGV to move precisely without any predefined paths, but also reduces the cost largely. The Ultra Wide Band (UWB) technology is used in our approach. In the paper, a gradient decent method cooperated with a least square method is developed to deal with the nonlinearity of UWB ranging data. An optimal localization result is achieved within a small amount of iterations. The positioning results are also compared to a high-accuracy Real-Time Kinematic (RTK) satellite system. Meanwhile, the approach is able to diagnose the original UWB data and will discard any data corrupted by non-ignorable noises. Thus, the robustness is guaranteed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	high-accuracy positioning,mobile robot,nonlinearity,Robot localization,RTK
Path planning for automated guided vehicle systems with time constraints using timed Petri nets	2020	Measurement and Control (United Kingdom)	The Author(s) 2020.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are extensively used in many applications such as intelligent transportation, logistics, and industrial factories. In this paper, we address the path planning problem for an AGV system (i.e. a team of identical AGVs) with logic and time constraints using Petri nets. We propose a method to model an AGV system and its static environment by timed Petri nets. Combining the structural characteristics of Petri nets and integer linear programming technique, a path planning method is developed to ensure that all task regions are visited by AGVs in time and forbidden regions are always avoided. Finally, simulation studies are presented to show the effectiveness of the proposed path planning methodology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Instrumentation,Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	automated guided vehicle,Discrete event system,path planning,Petri net,time constraint
Conflict-free dynamic route multi-agv using dijkstra Floyd-warshall hybrid algorithm with time windows	2020	International Journal of Electrical and Computer Engineering	Copyright  2020 Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science. All rights reserved.Autonomous Guided Vehicle is a mobile robot that can move autonomously on a route or lane in an indoor or outdoor environment while performing a series of tasks. Determination of the shortest route on an autonomous guided vehicle is one of the optimization problems in handling conflict-free routes that have an influence on the distribution of goods in the manufacturing industry's warehouse. Pickup and delivery processes in the distribution on AGV goods such as scheduling, shipping, and determining the route of vehicle with short mileage characteristics, is very possible to do simulations with three AGV units. There is a windows time limit on workstations that limits shipping. The problem of determining the route in this study is considered necessary as a multi-vehicle route problem with a time window. This study aims to describe the combination of algorithms written based on dynamic programming to overcome the problem of conflict-free AGV routes using time windows. The combined approach of the Dijkstra and Floyd-Warshall algorithm results in the optimization of the closest distance in overcoming conflict-free routes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Indonesia	0	Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Conflict-free route,Dynamic programming,Hybrid algorithm,Multi-AGV,Time windows
Human activity recognition-based path planning for autonomous vehicles	2020	Signal, Image and Video Processing	2020, Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.Human activity recognition (HAR) is a wide research topic in a field of computer science. Improving HAR can lead to massive breakthrough in humanoid robotics, robots used in medicine and in the field of autonomous vehicles. The system that is able to recognise human and its activity without any errors and anomalies would lead to safer and more empathetic autonomous systems. During this research work, multiple neural networks models, with different complexity, are being investigated. Each model is re-trained on the proposed unique data set, gathered on automated guided vehicle (AGV) with the latest and the modest sensors used commonly on autonomous vehicles. The best model is picked out based on the final accuracy for action recognition. Best models pipeline is fused with YOLOv3, to enhance the human detection. In addition to pipeline improvement, multiple action direction estimation methods are proposed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Estonia	0	Signal Processing,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Human action detection,Human detection,Neural networks,Object detection,Path planning,Self-driving car
A Novel Parallel Ant Colony Optimization Algorithm for Warehouse Path Planning	2020	Journal of Control Science and Engineering	2020 Junqi Yu et al.In order to improve the working efficiency of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and the processing efficiency of fulfilling orders in intelligent warehouses, a novel parallel ant colony optimization algorithm for warehouse path planning is proposed. Through the interaction of pheromones among multiple subcolonies, the coevolution of multiple subcolonies is realized and the operational capability of the algorithm is improved. Then, a multiobjective function with the object of the shortest path and the minimum number of turns of the AGV is established. And the path satisfying this objective function is obtained by the proposed algorithm. In addition, the path is further smoothed by reducing the number of intermediate nodes. The results show that the stability and convergence rate of the algorithm are faster and more stable, compared to other algorithms, in generating paths for different complexity maps. The smoothing treatment of the path significantly reduces the number of turns and the path length in the AGV driving process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
AGV or Lift-AGV? Performance trade-offs and design insights for container terminals with robotized transport vehicle technology	2020	IISE Transactions	Copyright  2020 “IISE”.New container terminals are embracing robotized transport vehicles such as lift-automated guided vehicles (LAGVs) and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) to enhance the terminal throughput capacity. Although LAGVs have a high container handling time, they require less coordination with other terminal equipment in comparison with AGVs. In contrast, AGVs are hard-coupled resources, require less container handling times, but operate with high coordination delays in comparison with LAGVs. The effect of such operational trade-offs on terminal performance under various design parameter settings, such as yard block layout and a number of resources, is not well understood and needs to be evaluated at the terminal design phase. To analyze these trade-offs, we develop stylized semi-open queuing network models, which consist of two-phase servers and finite capacity queues. We develop a novel network decomposition method for solving the proposed queuing models. The accuracy of the solution method is validated using detailed simulation models. Using the analytical models, we study the performance trade-offs between the transport vehicle choices: LAGVs and AGVs. Our results show that the throughput capacity of the terminal in the container unloading process increases by up to 16% if LAGVs are chosen as transport vehicles instead of AGVs. However, at certain parameter settings, specifically, when the arrival rate of containers is low, the throughput time performance of the terminal is higher (up to 8%) with AGVs than with LAGVs. We also derive insights on the yard block layout and the technology choice for quay cranes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	blocking,container terminal,Logistics,semi-open queues,transport vehicles,two-phase servers
Orchestrator Controlled Navigation of Mobile Robots in a Static Environment	2020	Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.The paper presents an orchestrated controlled model for automated guided vehicle (AGV) like mobile robots (RBs) to perform a transportation task in environment such as a warehouse or a factory. The AGV uses graph-based approach for path planning. It uses a proposed navigation algorithm for following the path trajectory. It also avoids a collision during transportation between start and end points. The proposed model also prevents the AGV from a deadlock situation. The performance of model has been validated experimentally.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	AGV,Navigation of mobile robots,Networked robot,Orchestrated control,Warehousing
Learning to cooperate: Application of deep reinforcement learning for online AGV path finding	2020	Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS	2020 International Foundation for Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems (IFAAMAS). All rights reserved.Multi-agent path finding (MAPF), naturally exists in applications like picking-up and dropping-off parcels by automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in the warehouse. Existing algorithms, like conflict-based search (CBS), windowed hierarchical cooperative A* (WHCA), and other A* variants, are widely used to find the shortest paths in different manners. However, in real-world environments, MAPF cases are dynamically generated and need to be solved in real time. In this work, a decentralized multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) framework with multi-step ahead tree search (MATS) strategy is proposed to make efficient decisions. Through performing experiments on a 30 × 30 grid world and a real-world warehouse case, our proposed MARL policy is proved to be capable of: 1) scaling to a large number of agents in real-world environment with online response time within acceptable levels; 2) outperforming existing algorithms with shorter path length and solution time, as the number of agents increases.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Artificial Intelligence,Software,Control and Systems Engineering	Multi-agent path finding,Multi-agent reinforcement learning
FLS-Based Collision Avoidance Cyber Physical System for Warehouse Robots using FPGA	2020	Proceedings - 2019 6th International Conference on Dependable Systems and Their Applications, DSA 2019	2020 IEEE.The overperforming enormous number of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) that have been adopted in warehouses recently proved their capabilities of speeding up the parcel exchange process in comparing with human capabilities. In order to increase the overall performance of these AGVs, we introduced an Artificial Intelligence (AI) based processing unit for the purpose of enhancing the collaborative diagnostics and decision making in such applications by exchanging feedback data frames to the center hub. The proposed AI-based controller is based on a multi-core Fuzzy Logic System (FLS) is to differentiate the level of collision probability in a Cyber Physical System (CPS) using asymmetric data bus width architecture. The proposed systolic FLS architecture in this paper has been designed using VHDL to be interfaced with a three TFmini Plus Lidar Sensors and three MaxSonar ultrasonic sensors using the Intel Altera OpenVINO FPGA board. The proposed systolic FLS processing unit achieved a processing computational speed of about 14.36 GOPS at maximum operating frequency of 270.86 MHz while consuming about 58.56 mW as a core dynamic thermal power dissipation and around 28.38 mW as a 1/0 thermal power dissipation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Kuwait	2	Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications,Information Systems,Information Systems and Management,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality	automated guided vehicles,autonomous mobile robots,cyber physical system,FPGA,fuzzy logic system
Transfer-robot task scheduling in job shop	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper studies a simultaneous scheduling of production and material transfer in a job shop environment. The simultaneous scheduling approach has been recently adopted by warehouse operations, wherein transbots pick up jobs and deliver to pick-machines for processing that requires a simultaneous scheduling of jobs, transbots, and machines. However, both a large proportion of literature and real-world scheduling systems consider only one side of the problem. In our study, machines and transbot are both considered as constraining resources. The contributions of this paper are twofold. First, we propose a novel application of constraint programming for the job shop scheduling problem (JSP) with transbots, significantly outperforming all other benchmark approaches in the literature and proving optimality of the well-known benchmark instances, for the first time. Second, we propose a medium-scale benchmark instance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	constraint programming,job shop,Robot task scheduling,simultaneous scheduling
Pickup and delivery problem with recharging for material handling systems utilising autonomous mobile robots	2020	European Journal of Operational Research	2020 Elsevier B.V.Whereas automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have traditionally been used for material handling, the utilisation of autonomous mobile robots (AMRs) is growing quickly owing to their scalability, versatility, and lower costs. In this paper, we address the pickup and delivery problem with consideration of the characteristics of AMRs in manufacturing environments. To solve the problem, we first propose a new mathematical formulation with consideration of both partial and full recharging strategies for minimisation of the total tardiness of transportation requests. We then propose two constructive heuristic algorithms with high computation speed, which are called the Transportation-Request-Initiated Grouping Algorithm (TRIGA) and the Vehicle-Initiated Grouping Algorithm (VIGA). Additionally, we develop a memetic algorithm (MA) that incorporates a genetic algorithm into local-search techniques for finding near-optimal solutions within a reasonable time. We evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithms in comparison with two dispatching rules, genetic algorithm, and neighbourhood search through simulation experiments with three sets of problem instances under different battery levels. The simulation results indicate that the proposed algorithms outperform the others with regard to the average total tardiness and the relative deviation index.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Autonomous mobile robots,Material handling,Memetic algorithm,Mixed-integer linear programming,Pickup and delivery problem
Modular mobile manipulators coalition formation through distributed transportation tasks allocation	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	IMechE 2020.The use of mobile manipulators for transportation tasks has provided solutions to several flexibility problems in manufacturing systems. Mobile manipulators are mobile entities equipped with robotic arm for loading and unloading of parts and an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) for their transport. In order to increase further the flexibility of these systems, the mobile manipulators could be modular, where their two entities are able to work together or separately. The assignment of transportation operations to different smart entities working together is a complex problem, which has not been addressed sufficiently in the literature. This paper proposes a two-stage decision approach for transportation task assignment, which is based on auction mechanism and a coalition formation process modeled with integer linear programming. A real use case has been implemented to test the efficiency of the proposed method. The proposed approach gives promising results that are discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	auction,coalition formation,integer linear programming,modular mobile manipulators,Task assignment,transportation tasks
Robotic mobile fulfilment systems considering customer classes	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper studies a Robotic Mobile Fulfilment System (RMFS), featured by a number of robots lifting and transporting movables storage shelves from storage grids to order pickers. In such systems, online retailers often classify their customers by two major classes ‘expedited shipping’ and ‘standard shipping’. We build high-dimension Markov models to describe this system with customer classes, calculate the throughput of this system given the number of robots and provide design rules to determine the optimal number of robots and their capacities considering the trade-off between capacities of picker stations and robots. We verify the analytic results of Markov models with simulations. We further consider multiple-picker RMFS and study its optimal design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	facility planning and design,order picking,robotic mobile fulfilment system,supply chain delivery,Warehouse management
Introduction	2020	Springer Tracts in Advanced Robotics	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.This chapter gives a general introduction to the autonomous off-road vehicle guidance research that took place over the years. It describes where the vehicle guidance research started long time ago leading up to recent uptake of the technology by commercial entities. It also gives a qualitative explanation of various vehicle guidance scenarios describing the entire spectrum of ground contact situations. Towards the end of the chapter the remaining chapters of the book are briefly mentioned including the appendixes.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Australia	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	None
Multi-AGV Collision Avoidance Path Optimization for Unmanned Warehouse Based on Improved Ant Colony Algorithm	2020	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.In this paper, the problem of collision avoidance path optimization for multi-AGV systems in unmanned warehouses is studied. A multi-AGV collision avoidance path optimization strategy based on elastic time window and improved ant colony algorithm is proposed. In this paper, the traditional ant colony algorithm is improved by heuristic information and pheromone update strategy to improve the execution speed and optimization ability of the algorithm. The priority scheduling of AGV tasks and the improvement of conflict resolution strategies are proposed to solve the different path conflicts between multiple AGVs. Based on the environment of the e-commerce logistics unmanned warehouse, the MATLAB simulation software is used to model and analyze the multi-AGV collision avoidance path planning. The experimental results show that the multi-AGV collision avoidance path planning can be realized based on the elastic time window and the improved ant colony algorithm, and the optimal collision avoidance path can be found in a short time.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Ant colony algorithm,Elastic time window,Multi-AGV system,Unmanned warehouse
Construction Design of AGV Caller System	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd 2020.To realize the call request from the shop station to the AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle), the caller came into being. However, the existing wireless physical caller is mostly based on a microcontroller and hardly extended. Thus, it is unable to reflect the information between the station and the AGV. A set of caller and CCS (Control Center System) software to realize basic call function was designed in this paper. Moreover, the caller can display task status, queue situation, vehicle status fed back and CCS have the function of location management. In the experiment, a workshop caller system was constructed proposed by this paper to verify the validity and stability. The result of the experiment shows that the flexible of AGV caller system has been great enhance compared with traditional caller system. Finally, the validity and stability of the AGV caller system are verified by experiments.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Caller,CCS,Task
Modeling the Delivery Routes Carried out by Automated Guided Vehicles when Using the Specific Mathematical Optimization Method	2020	Open Engineering	2020 O. Stopka, published by De Gruyter 2020.Distribution tasks or transportation problems when using Operations Research methods are mostly addressed by vehicle routing problem methods dealing with an issue of supplying to several nodes, wherein the route begins in a point of origin and, after accomplishing deliveries to individual nodes, vehicle returns to an initial point. Each node can be operated only once, the order of nodes is not determined; however, the major objective is to find the shortest route possible. The aim of this research study is to formulate options to model delivery routes executed by automated guided vehicles in an extensive logistics areal by applying the specific mathematical optimization method. After description of several fundamental aspects and attributes related to automated guided vehicles, distribution tasks and vehicle routing problems which are discussed in introductory chapters, the most important parts containing the specification of Greedy algorithm, as a very useful optimization method for the given purpose, as well as the very models of cargo delivery by automated guided vehicles without / with initial distance optimization are presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	0	Environmental Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all),Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicle,delivery route,distribution task,Greedy algorithm,mathematical optimization
Scheduling of Flexible Manufacturing System by Hybridizing Petri Net with Improved Scatter Search Algorithm	2020	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.The Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs) are highly advanced and integrated with manufacturing systems to produce products. It consists of two or more robots with machining cells and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) that will function under computer control. This paper highlights the importance of using loop layout and planning in FMS by decreasing the backtracking distance and distance traveled by Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV). A hybrid metaheuristic algorithm is used in this paper and it is called as Improved Scatter Search Algorithm (ISSA). The FMS Scheduling is a complex phenomenon due to the huge variability in the working parameters. Problems related to scheduling for general cases are characterized as NP-hard. From the given size of the problem, the computation time required to obtain the optimal schedule mostly will produce exponential results. In this research paper, the dispatching rules are merged with PNs and also PNs with hybrid Improved Scatter Search algorithm for FMSs performance measure. These traditional hybrid techniques were used for comparing and verifying simulation results. Finally, the test problems were chosen from the review paper for better comparison and PN hybrids with Improved Scatter Search algorithm provide better result in terms of machine utilization, AGV idle time and makespan considering with and without breakdown condition when it is compared with dispatching rules and Petri net with dispatching rule techniques.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Dispatching rules,Flexible manufacturing system,Improved scatter search,Petri net,Scatter search,Scheduling
Research on Hybrid Quantum Genetic Algorithm Based on Cross-Docking Delivery Vehicle Scheduling	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Quantum genetic algorithm (QGA) is a new algorithm to solve the optimal problem by applying classical quantum theory to genetic algorithm and introducing quantum states into the traditional bit model. Cross-docking delivery vehicle scheduling is a classical combinatorial optimization problem. Based on QGA, in order to improve the speed and efficiency of logistics distribution process, this paper studies a hybrid QGA framework, proposes a new idea to solve the distribution optimization scheme in traditional logistics scheduling, and studies new strategies of quantum updating and probability adjustment, so as to make the method more suitable for the actual problems of logistics distribution.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Combinatorial optimization,Hybrid quantum genetic algorithm,Vehicle scheduling
Comparison of fleet size determination models for horizontal transportation of shipping containers using automated straddle carriers	2020	Operations Research/ Computer Science Interfaces Series	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Planning of horizontal transport is a significant problem with material impact on the development budget and productivity of a container terminal. This contribution uses Queuing Theory, Petri Networks and Discrete Event Simulation to address the fleet size determination problem for tactical planning. Considering the different information and modelling effort required for the three methods, it is recommended that Queuing Theory be applied in the preliminary planning stage as it is conservative, while Discrete Event Simulation which can yield significantly more cost-efficient results is applied for the detailed planning stage. Further development would be still required towards an easily applicable tool based on Petri Nets for practitioners to use in current planning problems, but the methodology itself can provide reasonable yet conservative results at a preliminary planning stage.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	United Kingdom	0	Computer Science (all),Management Science and Operations Research	None
Implementing an AGV system to transport finished goods to the warehouse	2020	Advances in Science, Technology and Engineering Systems	2020 ASTES Publishers. All rights reserved.This work describes a case study carried out in an automotive company. The main objective was to increase the productivity of the last workstation of an assembly line by implementing an AGV System to transport finished goods to the warehouse. A comprehensive analysis of Value Added and Non-Value Added activities were performed to understand the current state of the workstation. By using the Spaghetti Diagram, the worker's movements were mapped and quantified. To eliminate motion and material transport and therefore increase productivity, an AGV system was implemented. To design this particular system, it was necessary to determine the required number of AGVs and their capacity, picking and delivery locations and the flow path. Activities such as transporting the containers and moving around to pick up the same containers were eliminated, thus contributing to a better ergonomics and an increase in safety. The Cycle Time was also reduced and therefore productivity was increased.	Journal	j	re	Review	Portugal	0	Engineering (miscellaneous),Physics and Astronomy (miscellaneous),Management of Technology and Innovation	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Automotive industry,Productivity,Waste
Specification, Synthesis and Validation of Strategies for Collaborative Embedded Systems	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.A collaborative embedded system is an autonomous component of a cyber-physical system which cooperates with other such systems in order to accomplish a common goal. In this paper, we report on approaches for the validation of such collaborative embedded systems. We describe specification methods for hierarchies of goals and targets. Using model checking of alternating signal temporal logic, we show how to construct strategies for the satisfaction of goals and targets. For runtime validation of safety properties, we give a robust monitoring procedure which can flag potential problems in advance. Our two examples are car platooning and automated guided vehicles in industrial production. In the car platooning example, autonomous vehicles collaborate to enable high-speed driving at short distances. The fleet of transport robots collaborates in loading and unloading of production machines.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Privacy-Preserving Human-Machine Co-existence on Smart Factory Shop Floors	2020	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.Smart factories are characterized by the presence of both human actors and Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) for the transport of materials. To avoid collisions between workers and AGVs, the latter must be aware of the workers’ location on the shop floor. Wearable devices like smart watches are a viable solution to determine and wirelessly transmit workers’ current location. However, when these locations are sent at regular intervals, workers’ locations and trajectories can be tracked, thus potentially reducing the acceptance of these devices by workers and staff councils. Deliberately obfuscating location information (spatial cloaking) is a widely applied solution to minimize the resulting location privacy implications. However, a number of configuration parameters need to be determined for the safe, yet privacy-preserving, operation of spatial cloaking. We comprehensively analyze the parameter space and derive suitable settings to make smart factories safe and cater to an adequate privacy protection workers.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Privacy protection,Smart factory,Spatial cloaking
Agent-based, hybrid control architecture for optimized and flexible production scheduling and control in remanufacturing	2020	Journal of Remanufacturing	2020, Springer Nature B.V.Introduction: Motivated by high ecological and economical potentials and driven by new laws, remanufacturing is receiving increasing attention as a process that puts used products into “as good as new or better” condition. Within this process, there are many challenges, which are unseen in manufacturing, such as the uncertainties resulting from unknown conditions of the used products. This places special demands on the control of the remanufacturing system (RS). Methodology: To handle these uncertainties an agent-based hybrid control architecture comprising centralized and decentralized components is presented. In the former, the scheduling takes place including the consideration of the use of automated guided vehicles (AGV) to realize flexible material handling within the RS. The scheduling of machines and AGVs is thereby considered simultaneously and not separately, as it is the case in currently available control systems. For the optimization of the simultaneous scheduling Constraint Programming (CP) is used. In the decentralized component, all participants within the RS will be networked as a cyber-physical system and controlled by respective agents. These agents can communicate with each other in order to find solutions. The architecture is implemented as a multi-agent system. Results: Simulation results, using benchmark instances, show that simultaneous scheduling results in a 19.7% reduction of the makespan. Furthermore, the CP-based approach delivers the best results, compared to other approaches for simultaneous scheduling, which are also achieved in a significantly shorter computing time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Waste Management and Disposal,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Automated guided vehicles,Constraint programming,Cyber-physical systems,Flexible remanufacturing systems,Industry 4.0,Multi-agent systems,Production planning and control,Simultaneous scheduling
Interval trajectory tracking of automatic guided vehicles via model predictive control method 基于模型预测的自动导引车区间轨迹跟踪控制	2020	Kongzhi Lilun Yu Yingyong/Control Theory and Applications	2020, Editorial Department of Control Theory & Applications South China University of Technology. All right reserved.This paper is concerned with the interval trajectory tracking problem for an automatic guided vehicle (AGV). The size and the shape of the AGV are modeled as known reginal boundary in order to prevent AGV from deviating from the desired road range and colliding with each other. A trajectory tracking control method via model predictive control method for the AGV is then designed under the known regional boundary. First, the vehicle kinematics model is linearized to obtain the vehicle dynamics linear model. Second, the model predictive control method is used, and the error between the predicted path and the expected path is utilized to obtain the control sequence that minimizes the performance index. Finally, the trajectory tracking controller is simulated on the MATLAB software. The experimental results show that the AGV can track the reference trajectory stably, and the distance deviation and angular deviation are within the given feasible considered range. It is proved that the proposed trajectory tracking algorithm based on the model predictive control method has good tracking performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Model predictive control,Tracking control
Real-time order dispatching for a fleet of autonomous mobile robots using multi-agent reinforcement learning	2020	CIRP Annals	2020 CIRPAutonomous mobile robots (AMRs) are increasingly being used to enable efficient material flow in dynamic production environments. Dispatching transport orders in such environments is difficult due to the complexity arising from the rapid changes in the environment as well as due to a tight coupling between dispatching, path planning, and route execution. For order dispatching, an approach is proposed that uses multi-agent reinforcement learning, where AMR agents learn to bid on orders based on their individual observations. The approach is investigated in a robot simulation environment. The results show a more efficient order allocation compared to commonly used dispatching rules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovenia	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Distributed control,Logistics,Machine learning
The unequal area facility layout problem with shortest single-loop AGV path: how material handling method matters	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.This paper studies an unequal area layout problem whose objective is to find a flexible bay layout with the best shortest single loop. The problem can be used for production systems in which material handling is carried out by automated guided vehicles (AGVs) that move along a single-loop path. The designed layout is robust against future changes in material flows, which are caused by different factors such as demand fluctuations, technology advancement, and new product introduction. It is first proved that there exists a feasible single loop for any bay layout, which indicates the problem is well-defined and always has a feasible solution. Then, a powerful hybrid algorithm based on Memetic and Simulated Annealing is developed. The algorithm is tested on many randomly generated instances and well-known instances from the literature. The numerical experiment shows that the proposed heuristic is both efficient and effective. The new layout-design approach significantly improves the loop-length when compared with the traditional approach in which the layout is first determined based on rectilinear distances, and then the best single loop is found. Our study highlights the importance of adequately incorporating the material handling system into the layout design phase.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automated guided vehicle (AGV),facilities planning,flexible bay layout,loop-based path,material handling
A case study on AGV’s alternatives selection problem	2020	International Journal of Information Technology (Singapore)	2018, Bharati Vidyapeeth's Institute of Computer Applications and Management.Current trend for Factory Automation is to design a variety of products to meet the changing demands of the customers. Automated material handling is an integral part of any automated manufacturing system. Automated Guided Vehicle (AGVs) is emerging as intelligent Material Handling Equipments (MHE) that is capable of adjusting to the changing scenario of manufacturing systems. AGVs are battery-powered, automated vehicles with capabilities to tag along programmed motions and orientation. AGVs selection has always been a challenging task owing to several constraints of manufacturing systems. Different MCDM (Multiple Criteria Decision Making) approaches have been employed by researchers for selection of MHE problem. This work is an attempt to choose amongst the AGVs alternatives and analyze their performance using certain MCDM approaches such as AHP, DEMATEL, TOPSIS, Fuzzy AHP, Fuzzy DEMATEL and Fuzzy TOPSIS. In the present work, data has been taken from Maniya and Bhatt [27] and the problem has been evaluated using four integrated approaches for analysis of AGV’s selection problem. It was found that Fuzzy AHP-Fuzzy TOPSIS and Fuzzy DEMATEL—Fuzzy TOPSIS technique gave better results for the instant case as they were devoid of vagueness error caused due to uncertainty in the decision making of experts. Authors have applied four approaches out of which DEMATEL-TOPSIS and Fuzzy DEMATEL-Fuzzy TOPSIS approaches has yet not been applied in AGVs selection problem, thus justifying original work and their appropriateness for the problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Analytical hierarchical process (AHP),Automated guided vehicle,Decision making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL),Fuzzy AHP,Fuzzy DEMATEL,Fuzzy TOPSIS,Multiple criteria analysis,Technique for order preference by similarity to ideal solution (TOPSIS)
Design and development of automated guided vehicles for active learning in material handling management for smart manufacturing operation	2020	International Symposium on Project Approaches in Engineering Education	2020 University of Minho. All rights reserved.Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) have become a preferred material handling system commonly seen for logistics in a manufacturing facility in the modern days when flexibility is critical in smart manufacturing for offering a variety of low volume products to serve individual demands. Accessibility to AGVs, however, is very limited in school due to their commercially high costs, complexity, and restrictions imposed by the manufacturers in alterations. This paper presents the design and development of a fleet of in-house AGVs to support the active learning of students with hands-on experience in the material handling management in smart manufacturing. The AGVs were designed and built in a modular manner with open-source, off the shelf parts that can be swapped, altered, and changed as necessary to allow access to almost all aspects of the AGV, such as access to inertial measurements of bearing, velocity and acceleration, motor readings of speed and power consumption, live camera feed for image processing, various proximity readings, magnetic line following output and many more features in order to give sufficient resources for the students to experiment on. They also allow students to execute their algorithms on the AGVs to get hands-on experience in AGV fleet management and navigation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Engineering (all),Education	AGVs,Hands-on experience,Material Handling Management,Smart manufacturing
Development of a novel mobile robotic system for large-scale manufacturing	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	IMechE 2020.The high demand of efficient large-scale machining operations by concurrently decreasing operating time and costs has led to an increasing usage of mobile robotic systems. This paper introduces a mobile robotic system which is consisted of a hybrid robot named TriMule on an automated guided vehicle, and a fringe-projection-based measurement system. TriMule exhibits desirable performance in terms of rigidity, accuracy, work envelop and reconfigurability. It is therefore suitable to be built on an autonomous platform for multi-station manufacturing in situ. In order to increase the absolute accuracy of the mobile robotic system, the fringe-projection-based measurement system obtains high accuracy and high density cloud to measure the position and orientation of the robot and workpiece in relation to each other. This system is suitable for large-scale manufacturing in situ, drilling, riveting and high-speed milling for example.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	5-DOF hybrid robot,large-scale manufacturing,mobile robotic systems,pose estimation,Vision-based measurement system
KLT Bin Detection and Pose Estimation in an Industrial Environment	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In order for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV’s) to handle KLT bins (Kleinladungsträger, Small Load Carrier) in a flexible way, a robust bin detection algorithm has to be developed. This paper presents a solution to the KLT bin detection and pose estimation task. The Mask R-CNN network is used to detect a KLT bin on color images, while a simple plane fitting approach is used to estimate its 5DoF position. This combination gives promising results in a typical use case scenario when the KLT bin is aligned with the camera view.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Industry 4.0,Instance segmentation,KLT bin picking,Object detection,Plane fitting,Pose estimation
Joint configuration and scheduling optimization of a dual-trolley quay crane and automatic guided vehicles with consideration of vessel stability	2020	Sustainability (Switzerland)	2019 The Author(s).This study proposes a formulation to optimize operational efficiency of a dual-trolley quay crane and automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) to reduce energy consumption at an automated container terminal. A two-phase model is used to minimize energy consumption during loading and discharging operations, as well as maximize the utilization rate of the AGVs, with consideration of relevant constraints such as the capacity of buffers for the quay crane (QC) and yard, the stability of vessel, the maximum endurance of an AGV, and the available laytime for handling. We propose a constrained partial enumeration strategy to construct quay crane schedules and a genetic algorithm to solve the AGV scheduling problem. Finally, Yangshan Phase IV automated container terminal's data is used to verify the validity and applicability of the proposed model. The results of the tests provide evidence that the proposed method can improve energy efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	AGV scheduling,Available laytime,Dual-trolley quay crane,Energy consumption,Vessel stability
State-specific and supraordinal components of facial response to pain	2020	IEEE Transactions on Affective Computing	IEEEPain inadequate treatment is frequent in modern society, with major medical, ethical, and financial implications. In many healthcare environments, pain is quantified prevalently through subjective measures, such as self-reports from patients or health care providers&#x0027; personal experience. Recently, automatic diagnostic tools have been developed to detect and quantify pain more "objectively" from facial expressions. However, it is still unclear if these approaches can distinguish pain from other aversive (but painless) states. In the present study, we analyzed the facial responses from a database of video-recorded facial reactions evoked by comparably-upleasant painful and disgusting stimuli. We modeled this information as function of subjective unpleasantness, as well as the specific state evoked by the stimuli (pain vs. disgust). Results show that a machine learning algorithm could predict subjective pain unpleasantness from facial information, but mistakenly detected unpleasant disgust, especially in those models relying in great extent on the brow lowerer. Importantly, pain and disgust could be disentangled using an ad hoc algorithm that rely on combined information from the eyes and the mouth. Overall, the facial expression of pain contains both specific and unpleasantness-related information shared with disgust. Automatic diagnostic tools should be guided to account for this confounding effect.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	2	Software,Human-Computer Interaction	Diagnosis or Assessment,Emotion in human-computer interaction,Face,Gold,Health care,Nonverbal signals,Olfactory,Pain,Synthesis of affective behavior,Temperature measurement,Tools
An automated guided logistics robot for pallet transportation	2020	Assembly Automation	2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: This study aims to present an automated guided logistics robot mainly designed for pallet transportation. Logistics robot is compactly designed. It could pick up the pallet precisely and transport the pallet up to 1,000 kg automatically in the warehouse. It could move freely in all directions without turning the chassis. It could work without any additional infrastructure based on laser navigation system proposed in this work. Design/methodology/approach: Logistics robot should be able to move underneath and lift up the pallet accurately. Logistics robot mainly consists of two sub-robots, like two forks of the forklift. Each sub-robot has front and rear driving units. A new compact driving unit is compactly designed as a key component to ensure access to the narrow free entry of the pallet. Besides synchronous motions in all directions, the two sub-robots should also perform synchronous lifting up and laying down the pallet. Logistics robot uses a front laser to detect obstacles and locate itself using on-board navigation system. A rear laser is used to recognize and guide the sub-robots to pick up the pallet precisely within ± 5mm/1o in x-/yaw direction. Path planning algorithm under different constraints is proposed for logistics robot to obey the traffic rules of pallet logistics. Findings: Compared with the traditional forklift vehicles, logistics robot has the advantages of more compact structure and higher expandability. It can realize the omnidirectional movement flexibly without turning the chassis and take zero-radius turn by controlling compact driving units synchronously. Logistics robot can move collision-free into any pallet that has not been precisely placed. It can plan the paths for returning to charge station and charge automatically. So it can work uninterruptedly for 7 × 24 h. Path planning algorithm proposed can avoid traffic congestion and improve the passability of the narrow roads to improve logistics efficiencies. Logistics robot is quite suitable for the standardized logistics factory with small working space. Originality/value: This is a new innovation for pallet transportation vehicle to improve logistics automation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided,Driving unit,Global localization,Logistics robot,Pallet transportation,Path planning
Autonomous Robot Navigation for Automotive Assembly Task: An Industry Use-Case	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Automobile industry faces one of the most flexible productivity caused by the number of customized models variants due to the buyers needs. This fact requires the production system to introduce flexible, adaptable and cooperative with humans solutions. In the present work, a panel that should be mounted inside a van is addressed. For that purpose, a mobile manipulator is suggested that could share the same space with workers helping each other. This paper presents the navigation system for the robot that enters the van from the rear door after a ramp, operates and exits. The localization system is based on 3DOF methodologies that allow the robot to operate autonomously. Real tests scenarios prove the precision and repeatability of the navigation system outside, inside and during the ramp access of the van.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous robot,Human cooperation,Navigation
Seabed coverage path re-routing for an autonomous surface vehicle	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.An Autonomous Surface Vehicle (ASV) equipped with a sonar sensor is used to survey seabed. As a ASV sails an offshore region guided by a coverage path, the unit collects sonar data utilized to map the seabed of the region. However, a sonar sensor occasionally fails to provide data with an adequate quality for the mapping. This calls the necessity of re-routing compared to the original path assigned to an operating ASV, as the ASV needs to re-visit the areas where the sensor data is inadequate. Motivated by the fact, we address the issues in the ASV re-routing from scheduling perspective and propose an approach to solve the problem.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Autonomous Surface Vehicle (ASV),Coverage path planning,Re-routing,Seabed mapping
Simulation-based analysis of AGV workload used on aircraft manufacturing system: A theoretical approach	2020	Acta Scientiarum - Technology	2020, Eduem - Editora da Universidade Estadual de Maringa. All rights reserved.Competitiveness in the aircraft manufacturing industry requires continuous improvement and modernization of its manufacturing processes, in order to keep the companies competitive in the market. In this context, the use of advanced manufacturing technologies and systems has been incessantly pursued to achieve productivity gains, sustainability and reduction of production costs, as well as being important in the individuals’ quality of life. Autonomous robotic systems such as Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) have been used on shop floor to assist the aggregation of these competitive advantages to the business. Coupled to the use of these vehicles, other technologies such as the internet, digital factory and cloud-computing have been integrated into manufacturing in direction of the so-called advanced manufacturing, or Industry 4.0. Thus, this work aims to apply the concepts of digital factory in an example of aircraft manufacturing system, to analyze the efficiency and workload of the AGVs that transport materials from the warehouse to the assembly stations. Based on a theoretical approach by discrete-event simulation method and guided by the principles of Industry 4.0, analysis related to needed amount of AGVs, cycle times, deliveries and downtime of the vehicles were performed for different situations. Thus, it searches for better results in terms of productivity and decision-making support regarding adding-value related to materials transporting and information over long distances, delays, waiting and unnecessary movement of workers, in order to obtain improvement and profits for the aircraft manufacturing system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Computer Science (all),Chemistry (all),Mathematics (all),Engineering (all),Physics and Astronomy (all),Earth and Planetary Sciences (all)	AGV,Aircraft manufacturing,Industrial process,Industry 4.0,Simulation
A High-Precision Collaborative Control Algorithm for Multi-Agent System Based on Enhanced Depth Image Fusion Positioning	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The collaborative control of the multi-agent system (MAS) marks the trend of intelligent transportation system (ITS). However, the collaborative control of MAS with flexible sampling periods remains a challenge, because under-driven systems are prone to random delays, data loss and sensor failures in semi-unstructured environment. Against the background of the semi-unstructured environment in a Dutch greenhouse, this paper puts forward a universal collaborative motion control algorithm for the MAS of automated guided vehicles (AGVs), in the light of the first-order dynamics of the system. The proposed algorithm is called continuous-step-rotate-run (CSRR). Besides, the enhanced depth image fusion positioning (EDIFP) scheme was designed to mitigate the disturbances on the control algorithm, arising from flexible sampling periods and data loss. To verify its effectiveness, the CSRR control algorithm was tested on an MAS of three under-driven BigPan AGVs. The results demonstrate that our algorithm can collaboratively control the AGVs in an effective and stable manner. The simple algorithm offers a desirable solution to the collaborative control of various MASs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	automated guided vehicle (AGV),collaborative control,enhanced depth image fusion positioning (EDIFP),Multi-agent system (MAS)
Stochastic modeling of parallel process flows in intra-logistics systems: Applications in container terminals and compact storage systems	2020	European Journal of Operational Research	2020 Elsevier B.V.Many intra-logistics systems, such as automated container terminals, distribution warehouses, and cross-docks, observe parallel process flows, which involve simultaneous (parallel) operations of independent resources while processing a job. When independent resources work simultaneously to process a common job, the effective service requirement of the job is difficult to estimate. For modeling simplicity, researchers tend to assume sequential operations of the resources. In this paper, we propose an efficient modeling approach for parallel process flows using two-phase servers. We develop a closed queuing network model to estimate system performance measures. Existing solution methods can evaluate the performance of closed queuing networks that consist of two-phase servers with exponential service times only. To solve closed queuing networks with general two-phase servers, we propose new solution methods: an approximate mean value analysis and a network aggregation dis-aggregation approach. We derive insights on the accuracy of the solution methods from numerical experiments. Although both solution methods are quite accurate in estimating performance measures, the network aggregation dis-aggregation approach consistently performs best. We illustrate the proposed modeling approach for two intra-logistic systems: a container terminal with automated guided vehicles and a shuttle-based compact storage system. Results show that approximating the simultaneous operations as sequential operations underestimates the container terminal throughput on average by 28% and at maximum up to 47%. Similarly, considering sequential operations of the resources in the compact storage system results in an underestimation of the throughput capacity up to 9%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Compact storage,Container terminals,Logistics,Parallel processes,Queuing
Internal logistics flow simulation: A case study in automotive industry	2020	Journal of Simulation	2019,  Operational Research Society 2019.This work focuses on internal logistics (IL), which is defined as the flows of materials inside the same business or the same plant. We centre on the IL activities of a car-assembling company. The main objective is to propose simulation models’ concepts that evaluate assembling lines under the IL point of view. We present a real case study based on SEAT S.A., a company in the Volkswagen group. We developed a Discrete-Event Simulation model through the Plant Simulation software. The company set the main Key Performance Indicators, which are related to the logistics flows’ performance (LFP) and an assembly lines’ aisles utilisation. The results expose which aisles are overused, the disturbs among the logistics flows, and the LFP, regarding the total of backorders, the trips duration, and the routes’ length in terms of distances and time. Moreover, we offer aset of best practices for further applications in that field.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation	automotive Industry,discrete-Event Simulation,Logistics
Trajectory Planning with Lamé-Curve Blending for Motor-Saturation Avoidance upon Mobile-Robot Turning	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.In order to avoid motor saturation in turning maneuvers, an iterative Lamé-trajectory planning scheme is proposed to generate a smooth curvature-bounded transition trajectory for a differential-driving wheeled mobile robot (DWMR) switching from one straight path to another. The scheme consists of Lamé-curve blending, inverse-kinematics computation, peak-torque positioning and torque-saturation avoidance. Firstly, a Lamé-curve blending procedure based on affine transformations, is formulated to generate a smooth G^{2} -continuous transition trajectory for connecting two straight paths. Secondly, the platform twist is calculated according to the curvature of the Lamé-curve trajectory, then transformed into the actuated-joint rates by means of the inverse-kinematics model. Thirdly, a peak-torque positioning technique is developed to estimate the peak torques of the driving wheels when the DWMR tracks the trajectory, by combining the computed-torque method and the inverse-dynamics model. Finally, an iterative r -step saturation-avoidance prediction planning strategy is devised to suppress the peak motor torques, by means of two torque limitation schemes via adjusting trajectory curvature and robot speed. The simulation results show that, compared with the conventional planning techniques for circular arcs, our trajectory planning scheme can generate a smooth saturation-free transition trajectory with feasible curvature and traveling speed. The scheme is significantly beneficial for trajectory tracking under finite actuation torque in turning maneuvers, thereby preventing any possible path deviation caused by insufficient torque.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	curve blending,Mobile robot,motor saturation,torque computation,trajectory planning
Kinematic modeling of a combined system of multiple mecanum-wheeled robots with velocity compensation	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In industry, combination configurations composed of multiple Mecanum-wheeled mobile robots are adopted to transport large-scale objects. In this paper, a kinematic model with velocity compensation of the combined mobile system is created, aimed to provide a theoretical kinematic basis for accurate motion control. Motion simulations of a single four-Mecanum-wheeled virtual robot prototype on RecurDyn and motion tests of a robot physical prototype are carried out, and the motions of a variety of combined mobile configurations are also simulated. Motion simulation and test results prove that the kinematic models of single-and multiple-robot combination systems are correct, and the inverse kinematic correction model with velocity compensation matrix is feasible. Through simulations or experiments, the velocity compensation coefficients of the robots can be measured and the velocity compensation matrix can be created. This modified inverse kinematic model can effectively reduce the errors of robot motion caused by wheel slippage and improve the motion accuracy of the mobile robot system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cooperative motion,Kinematic model,Mecanum-wheeled robot,Robot combination system,Velocity compensation
Impact of a photodiode's angular characteristics on RSS-Based VLP accuracy	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Photodiode (PD)-based Visible Light Positioning (VLP)-based localisation systems seem propitious for the low-cost tracking and route-configurable navigation of automated guided vehicles, found in warehouse settings. Delivering the required high accuracy, currently necessitates measuring and fitting the received power - distance relation. This paper shows that accurately modelling the PD receiver's angular characteristics obsoletes this calibrating fit, while still providing accurate positioning estimates. A new responsivity model Square (SQ) is proposed, which is a function of the square of the incidence angle rather than its cosine. Both its aptitude in matching real-life propagation and its associated localisation accuracy are verified using two extensive measurement sets, each detailing the propagation of a PD moving across a 2D plane 3 m below a 4-LED plane. SQ is compared to the responsivity and calibration fit models available in the literature. In conjunction with model-based fingerprinting positioning, SQ outscores the Lambertian and generalised Lambertian model in terms of the 90th percentile root-mean-square error (rMSE) p90 by 45.36 cm (83.1%) and 0.84 cm (8.4%) respectively for the non-Lambertian-like receiver. SQ exhibits an equivalent performance as the generalised Lambertian model for the Lambertian-like photodiode. Accounting for the appropriate receiver model can also boost trilateration's rMSE. A 50th percentile rMSE reduction of respectively 1.87 cm and 2.66 cm is found in the setup.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	2	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Localisation,photodiode,propagation modelling,received signal strength (RSS),receiver,visible light positioning (VLP)
Linking performance data and geospatial information of manufacturing assets through standard representations	2020	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	Copyright  2020 ASMEInteroperability across emerging visualization modalities, including augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR), remains a challenge with respect to industrial applications. One critical issue relates to the lack of standard approaches for coordinating geospatial representations that are required to facilitate AR/VR scenes with domain-specific information in the form of time-series data, solid models, among other data types. In this paper, we focus on the linking of manufacturing asset data via the MTConnect standard with geospatial data via the IndoorGML standard. To this end, we demonstrate the utility of this integration through two visualization-based prototype implementations, including one focused on (i) monitoring production facilities to improve situational awareness and (ii) evaluating and delivering suggested navigation paths in production facilities. We then comment on implications of such standards-driven approaches for related domains, including AR prototype development and automatic guided vehicles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation	Augmented reality,Geospatial modeling,Smart manufacturing,Standards
Receding-horizon vision guidance with smooth trajectory blending in the field of view of mobile robots	2020	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors.Applying computer vision to mobile robot navigation has been studied for over two decades. One of the most challenging problems for a vision-based mobile robot involves accurately and stably tracking a guide path in the robot limited field of view under high-speed manoeuvres. Pure pursuit controllers are a prevalent class of path tracking algorithms for mobile robots, while their performance is rather limited to relatively low speeds. In order to cope with the demands of high-speed manoeuvres, a multi-loop receding-horizon control framework, including path tracking, robot control, and drive control, is proposed in this paper. This is done within the vision guidance of differential-driving wheeled mobile robots (DWMRs). Lamé curves are used to synthesize a trajectory with G2-continuity in the field of view of the mobile robot for path tracking, from its current posture towards the guide path. The platform twist-point velocity and angular velocity-is calculated according to the curvature of the Lamé-curve trajectory, then transformed into actuated joint rates by means of the inverse-kinematics model; finally, the motor torques needed by the driving wheels are obtained based on the inverse-dynamics model. The whole multi-loop control process, initiated from Lamé-curve blending to computational torque control, is conducted iteratively by means of receding-horizon guidance to robustly drive the mobile robot manoeuvring close to the guide path. The results of numerical simulation show the effectiveness of our approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Materials Science (all),Instrumentation,Engineering (all),Process Chemistry and Technology,Computer Science Applications,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Curve blending,Mobile robot,Path tracking,Receding horizon,Vision guidance
Low Cost PLC uninterrupted power supply for use on AGVs with a removable battery banks	2020	2020 International SAUPEC/RobMech/PRASA Conference, SAUPEC/RobMech/PRASA 2020	2020 IEEE.When it comes to electrical AGVs, downtime due to charging batteries is a significant hurdle. This is often dealt with in numerous ways; including opportunistic charging, mobile charging, quick charging, etc. This paper will focus on the difficulties of using exchangeable 'power units', which entails making the entire battery system (including the battery management system) removable from the host machine. This eliminates downtime, due to charging, as the entire power plant is replaced with a 'fresh' one. The depleted power unit can then be recharged at a sustainable (from a battery lifespan perspective) rate. The major disadvantage of this strategy is that with the power plant removed from the AGV, all control systems are unpowered thus deactivated. Hence the focus of this paper on creating a 'control system UPS' to keep the control systems powered even when the main power unit is down and thus solving one of the major problems with a removable battery system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	0	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,Automatic Guided Vehicle,Battery,DC UPS,Lead Acid,Uninterrupted Power Supply,UPS
Application of hybrid GA-PSO based on intelligent control fuzzy system in the integrated scheduling in automated container terminal	2020	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2020 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.With the development of the large ship, automated container terminals (ACTs) have serious energy consumption and carbon emission problems, reducing the loading and unloading time of ships can ease energy consumption, improve the working efficiency and service level of automated terminals. This paper studies the integrated scheduling problem of the gantry cranes (QCs), automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and automated rail-mounted gantry (ARMG) in automated terminal. According to the loading and unloading operation mode, we build the mixed integer programming model with the goal of minimizing the ship loading and unloading time, and through various algorithms of heuristic and hybrid improved to solve this problem, it proves the effectiveness of the model to obtain optimized scheduling scheme by numerical experiments, and comparing the different performance of algorithms, the results show that the hybrid GA-PSO algorithm with adaptive auto tuning is superior to other algorithms in terms of solution time and quality, which can effectively solve the problem of integrated scheduling to save the energy of automated container terminal.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	Automated container terminal,intelligent control fuzzy system,intelligent optimization,loading and unloading operation
Defence base operated mecanum wheel robot using night vision camera	2020	Journal of Advanced Research in Dynamical and Control Systems	2020, Institute of Advanced Scientific Research, Inc. All rights reserved.Mecanum wheels operateson Omni-directional translational motion which helps in operation of automated guided vehicles platform in more effective way. We have designed a Mechatronic system, which deals with the industrial and defense-based problems with Mecanum robot interfaced with 3600 night vision camera, 3600 easy automatic operated gun or the missile. This can be controlled through a handy-smart-phone user friendly display which is connected either with IOT or Bluetooth. Four Mecanum Wheels are with Four different stepper motors with Four motor drives which are operated by the Arduino mega board, there is a separate controlling system for the gun or the missile operation and the night vision, these are controlled by the raspberry pi. This system is a inspiration from the military systems, this system is helpful to protect in areas of the military based, forest areas, industries and many more. This system helps to spy and protect from the false traders, terrorists, naxalites and many more how cause harm to the human kind. this can detect the human interference even at night because its trained with the machine learning techniques and Artificial-intelligence in the time of wheel moment and rotation. this has the added advantage of using this in hospitals without interfacing the gun mechanism for the safety of the hospitals. MATLAB and SIMULINK is used of the stimulation for Mecanum wheel. As many Mecanum wheel needed the smoother platform for the movement yet this design stands apart and make the system to move in any landscapes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Computer-vision,Etc,Mecanum Wheel,Night vision camera,Omni-directional
Optimizing automated storage and retrieval algorithm in cold warehouse by combining dynamic routing and continuous cluster method	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.The effectiveness of a storage and retrieval system in cold warehouse is assessed based on operating cost. In this paper, the cost savings is consider base on the optimization two criteria: optimization of the travel distance and time consuming or in other words, focus on building the advantage algorithm to determining storage location and planning path. A warehouse layout is designed for 480 storage locations on 16 pallet racking, separated by 4 storage aisles and 1 pick aisle. The storage and retrieval of goods is carried out by 2 forklift trucks. The system will be deals with the problem of deadlocks and traffic jams. In order to solve this issue, each vehicle will be assigned different permissions for access to each storage location in the warehouse and the window time algorithm is applied to avoid conflicts between vehicles. On the other hand, Continuous Cluster Method will be used to decrease the travel time. The algorithm is compared to using a single vehicle for a similar storage space to see efficiency. The results show that the algorithm is optimized up to 30% compare with traditional policy.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Viet Nam	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Collision avoidance,Conflict-free shortest-time,Dynamic routing,Time-window,Warehouse management
On multi-load AGV green logistics scheduling in knitting workshop 车间多载自动导引车绿色物流调度	2020	Chongqing Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Chongqing University	2020, Editorial Board of Journal of Chongqing University, Chongqing University Journals Department. All right reserved.With the rapid development of modern manufacturing industry, enterprises are required to have higher production efficiency and lower production energy consumption, resulting in more improvement of the automation degree of intelligent production workshop. This paper mainly studied green intelligent logistics scheduling of automated guided vehicle(AGV) in job shop. AGV logistics scheduling optimization model was established to reduce the energy consumption of AGV and optimize AGV path. A genetic particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm was proposed with task sequencing as the constraint condition. Finally, the actual logistics scheduling of a knitting shop was taken as example to verify the method proposed in this paper. The calculation results show that the AGV logistics scheduling model proposed can well simulate the AGV green scheduling energy consumption, and the improved genetic particle swarm optimization algorithm presents a faster convergence speed and a better optimization ability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (miscellaneous),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,GA-PSO,Green element,Logistics scheduling
Bi-local search based variable neighborhood search for job-shop scheduling problem with transport constraints	2020	Optimization Letters	2020, The Author(s).In job-shop manufacturing systems, an efficient production schedule acts to reduce unnecessary costs and better manage resources. For the same purposes, modern manufacturing cells, in compliance with industry 4.0 concepts, use material handling systems in order to allow more control on the transport tasks. In this paper, a job-shop scheduling problem in vehicle based manufacturing facility that is mainly related to job assignment to resources is addressed. The considered job-shop production cell has two types of resources: processing resources that accomplish fabrication tasks for specific products, and transporting resources that assure parts’ transport to the processing area. A Variable Neighborhood Search algorithm is used to schedule product manufacturing and handling tasks in the aim to minimize the maximum completion time of a job set and an improved lower bound with new calculation method is presented. Experimental tests are conducted to evaluate the efficiency of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Algeria	0	Control and Optimization	Job-shop scheduling,Transport constraints,Variable neighborhood search
Mobile robots and evolutionary optimization algorithms for green supply chain management in a used-car resale company	2020	Environment, Development and Sustainability	2020, Springer Nature B.V.To ensure environment friendly products in the international supply chain scenario, an important initiative is reverse supply chain (RSC). The benefits (environmental and financial) from a RSC are influenced by disposal of reusable parts, cost factors and emissions during transportation, collection, recovery facilities, recycling, disassembly and remanufacturing. During designing a network for reverse supply chain, some objectives related to social, economic and ecological concerns are to be considered. This paper suggests two strategies for reducing the costs and emissions in a network of RSC. This research work considers design of RSC for a used-car resale company. First strategy outlines the design of a mobile robot—solar-powered automated guided vehicle (AGV) for reducing logistic cost and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The second strategy proposes a new multi-objective optimization model to reduce the costs and emissions of GHG. Strict carbon caps constraint is used as a guideline for reducing emissions. The proposed strategies are tested for a real-world problem at Maruti True Value network design in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry region of India. Two algorithms namely Elitist Nondominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm (NSGA-II) and Heterogeneous Multi-Objective Differential Evolution algorithm (HMODE) are proposed. HMODE is a new improved multi-objective optimization algorithm. To select the best optimal solution from the Pareto-optimal front, normalized weighted objective functions (NWOF) method is used. The strength or weakness of a Pareto-optimal front is evaluated by the metrics namely ratio of non-dominated individuals (RNI) and solution spread measure (SSM). Also, Algorithm Effort (AE) and Optimiser Overhead (OO) are utilized to find the computational effort of multi-objective optimization algorithms. Results proved that proposed strategies are worth enough to reduce the GHG emissions and costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Economics and Econometrics,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Green supply chain management,Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,HMODE,Low carbon logistics,Multi-objective optimization,NSGA-II,Reverse supply chain,Robot
A multistart biased random key genetic algorithm for the flexible job shop scheduling problem with transportation	2020	International Transactions in Operational Research	2020 The Authors. International Transactions in Operational Research  2020 International Federation of Operational Research SocietiesThis work addresses the flexible job shop scheduling problem with transportation (FJSPT), which can be seen as an extension of both the flexible job shop scheduling problem (FJSP) and the job shop scheduling problem with transportation (JSPT). Regarding the former case, the FJSPT additionally considers that the jobs need to be transported to the machines on which they are processed on, while in the latter, the specific machine processing each operation also needs to be decided. The FJSPT is NP-hard since it extends NP-hard problems. Good-quality solutions are efficiently found by an operation-based multistart biased random key genetic algorithm (BRKGA) coupled with greedy heuristics to select the machine processing each operation and the vehicles transporting the jobs to operations. The proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art solution approaches since it finds very good quality solutions in a short time. Such solutions are optimal for most problem instances. In addition, the approach is robust, which is a very important characteristic in practical applications. Finally, due to its modular structure, the multistart BRKGA can be easily adapted to solve other similar scheduling problems, as shown in the computational experiments reported in this paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	1	Business and International Management,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation	BRKGA,flexible job shop scheduling,genetic algorithm,joint scheduling,transportation scheduling
An Improved Shuffled Frog Leaping Algorithm for Multiload AGV Dispatching in Automated Container Terminals	2020	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2020 Xiaoyang Ma et al.Multiload AGVs, which can carry more than one container at a time, are widely used in automated container terminals. The dispatching decisions for multiload AGVs serving in automated container terminals on the target of minimum travel distance are significant in the process of container transportation in terms of improving operating efficiency. Previous work usually focused on AGVs working in a single-carrier mode, which was not only inconsistent with actual circumstances but also a waste of resources. In this paper, we establish a new mathematical model to describe multiload AGVs operating in automated container terminals, which is closer to the actual situation in real terminals. Based on this improved model, we propose a priority rule-based algorithm, termed as shuffled frog leaping algorithm with a mutant process (SFLAMUT), which can increase the diversity of the population and improve the convergence rate. Experiments were carried out based on data generated randomly according to the working properties of container terminals, and it is observed that the proposed SFLAMUT presents an effective and efficient exploration process and yields promising results in solving the proposed mathematical model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Modeling and implementation of a digital twin of material flows based on physics simulation	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersCyber-physical production systems enable adaptivity and flexibility when manufacturing customized products in small batches. Due to varying routes and a high variance of workpieces, material flows in cyber-physical production systems can get highly complex, which can lead to physically induced disturbances that can result in accidents or decreased throughput and high costs. This issue can be addressed by applying a physics engine to simulate the physical interaction between workpieces and the material handling systems during the operation. Connecting such a digital model to a real material handling system in order to derive simulation-based decision support leads to the concept of digital twins. To date, few practical implementations of digital twins in manufacturing outside the machine tool domain were reported. Therefore, this paper describes the modeling and the subsequent implementation of an integrated system that consists of a real material handling system and its digital twin, based on physics simulation. A practical use case demonstrates the versatile advantages of the implemented solution for a manufacturing system with respect to the three digital twin functions prediction, monitoring and diagnosis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cyber-physical production systems,Digital twin,Material flow,Material handling,Physics simulation
Floppy logic as a generalization of standard boolean logic	2020	Neural Network World	CTU FTS 2020The topic of this article is a floppy logic, a new multi-valued logic. Floppy logic is related to fuzzy logic and the theory of probability, but it also has interesting links to probability logic and standard Boolean logic. It provides a consistent and simple theory that is easy to apply in practice. This article examines the isomorphism theorem, which plays an important role in floppy logic. The theorem is described and proved. The most important consequences of the isomorphism theorem are: 1) All statements which are equivalent in standard Boolean logic are also equivalent in floppy logic. 2) Floppy logic has all the properties of standard Boolean logic which can be formulated as an equivalence. These include, for example, distributivity, the contradiction law, the law of excluded middle, and others. The article mainly examines floppy implication. We show that floppy implication does not satisfy Adam's Thesis and that floppy logic is not limited by Lewis' triviality result. We also present a range of inference rules which are generalizations of modus ponens and modus tollens. These rules hold in floppy logic, and of course, also apply to standard Boolean logic. All these results lead us to the notion that floppy logic is a many-valued generalization of standard Boolean logic.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Czech Republic	0	Software,Neuroscience (all),Hardware and Architecture,Artificial Intelligence	Floppy logic,Fuzzy logic,Modus ponens,Modus tollens,Multi-valued logic,Probabilistic logic,Rules of inference
Self-driving chassis for low-invest and highly flexible electric vehicle assembly	2020	Procedia Manufacturing	2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.The introduction of electric vehicle concepts with their own production line causes significant investments, which shy away car manufacturers due to the uncertain demand and the risks arising from lower technological maturity. Moreover, start-up businesses that want to produce small lot sizes of their vehicle concepts face a similar challenge: The state of the art manufacturing of cars is optimized for large quantities. The highly automated facilities cause immense investments. The need for small series production is a motivation for new production concepts that reduce massive investments and increase operational flexibility in electric vehicle's final assembly. In this paper, the disruptive concept of the self-driving chassis is presented. It replaces expensive conveyors and allows active re-sequencing of the assembly order. A battery concept guaranteeing occupational safety, requirements regarding actuators and sensors are shown. A reorganized assembly order which allows the maximization of benefits is suggested. Finally, challenging safety issues are revealed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Automation,Electric Vehicle,Flexible manufacturing system
Low-cost LiDAR application on unmanned aerial vehicle for road surface survey: Feasibility study	2020	40th Asian Conference on Remote Sensing, ACRS 2019: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;Progress of Remote Sensing Technology for Smart Future&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;quot;	2020 40th Asian Conference on Remote Sensing, ACRS 2019: "Progress of Remote Sensing Technology for Smart Future". All rights reserved.In this paper, we evaluate the performance of the outdoor low-cost LiDAR with time-of-flight type, that widely used in the robot developer communities, for the road surface survey. The point cloud data are used to construct the digital elevation model (DEM) of the road surface. DEM is used to analyze the accuracy and identification ability of the road surface defection. From the experiments in laboratory for evaluating the limitation of the sensor, we found that DEM accuracy depends on platform elevation and tilt angle. The results show that it can measure the small pits with depth less than 5 cm when the sensor platform is lower than 10 m for concrete surface. For all road surfaces, the standard deviation of elevation measurement increases linearly when measure lower than 6 m and increases rapidly for the elevation beyond 10 m. However, it increases slightly with incident angle. Moreover, the measurement failure is small at the range below 6-m elevation for all incident angles and all three surfaces (concrete, old asphalt, and uncompressed asphalt). This implies that the UAV should fly just above the overpass and use LiDAR to survey the road surface. With this height, this sensor can be done for the surface survey of 10-m width road.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Information Systems	Pavement survey,Road monitoring,Time of flight LiDAR,UAV application
Multi-robot dynamic path planning based on improved A* algorithms 基于改进A*算法的多机器人动态路径规划	2020	Gaojishu Tongxin/Chinese High Technology Letters	2020, Executive Office of the Journal. All right reserved.To solve the traffic congestion problem caused by multi-robot operation in intelligent warehousing system, a dynamic path planning algorithm for multi-robot based on reservation grids is proposed. Firstly, the collision between robots is prevented by the combination of reservation grids and directed graph; Secondly, traffic congestion maps are generated by reservation tables to show the congestion status of warehouse maps in real time; Finally, by improving the A* algorithm, a multi-robot dynamic path planning method is proposed to solve the problem of traffic congestion between robots and improve the efficiency of the system. Through simulation experiments, the proposed method is compared with the traditional method, and the validity of the multi-robot path planning method is verified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Dynamic path planning,Intelligent warehousing system,Multi-robot system,Traffic congestion map
Reverse Modeling of the Helix Roller in the Omni-Directional Wheel Based on NURBS	2020	Mechanisms and Machine Science	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.The helix roller of the omni-directional wheel was measured by the three-coordinate measuring machine and then the obtained data was preprocessed. The principle of the least squares approximating NURBS (Non-Uniform Rational B-Spline) curve fitting algorithm was analyzed and with this algorithm the contour line of the roller was reconstructed in MATLAB software, thus the outside silhouette surface was generated on the basis of the fitting curve and finally the three-dimensional solid model of helix roller was built in Pro/Engineer. The results laid a good foundation for further finite-element analysis and manufacturing.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	China	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Least squares approximation,NURBS curve fitting,Omni-directional wheel,Reconstruction,Three coordinate measuring
Legal implications of novel taxi assignment strategies	2020	Communications in Computer and Information Science	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.In the last years, many novel applications have appeared that promote the provision of services or activities in a collaborative way. Examples of such proposals are collaborative transportation services (uber, glovo, amazon flex, etc.), crowdsourcing, exchange help services among citizens, and others. The intrinsic idea behind such systems is to take advantage of existing “capacities” for providing new services or incrementing the efficiency of daily tasks of people at a low cost. Also, many researchers have focused and are analysing novel ideas and approaches in this direction. The concept of Smart Cities is a clear representation of this hype and provides a playground for novel approaches where the aim is to provide a high level of services to citizens in an optimized and thus, more efficient way. As a result of this research effort, many proposals have been and are suggested that could be deployed in the real world. However, such proposals also bring up multiple non-technical issues that need to be tackled before they can be actually implemented in practice. In this sense, in this paper we analyse legal implications of a proposal for collaborative service provision. In particular, we analyse the legal issues related to a recent work on taxi assignments with compensation from the standpoint of the Spanish legislation. From this exercise, we extract a set of topics and requirements, which need to be addressed so as to pave the way for the potential real-world deployment of such a system in a future.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Collaborative economy,Legal analysis,Spanish law,Taxi fleet management
Constructing a mental model of automation levels in the area of vehicle guidance	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.The aim of this work was to construct a mental model of automation in the area of vehicle guidance. The users’ understanding and mental model affect the safety and user experience. The qualitative method Card Sorting was applied with 25 participants. The task was to categorize cards on driving automation according to the participants’ own understanding. Analysis showed that the mental model of automation in the area of vehicle guidance is made up of three levels: the level “Information and Driver” incorporates functions, which do not influence lateral and longitudinal guidance of the vehicle. Systems that interfere or control the lateral and longitudinal guidance of the vehicle are included in the level “Assisted to Automated Driving”. The level “Autonomous Driving” specifies systems that operate the vehicle independently while no driver has to be present. Findings indicate a mismatch between the mental model of users and well-known taxonomies of automated driving.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Automated driving,Levels of automation,Mental models
Path following control of automated guide vehicle using camera sensor	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.The development of techniques for path following control of vehicles has become an important and active research topic in the face of emerging markets for advanced autonomous guided vehicles (AGVs). This paper presents a two-layer control architecture for path following of a AGV using camera sensor. The AGV is a tricycle wheeled mobile robot with three wheels, two fixed wheels and one driving steering wheel. Camera sensor is used to measure the tracking position error and heading angle error. Based on these errors, a controller that integrates two control loops, inner loop and outer loop, is designed. The outer loop control is based on fuzzy logic framework and the inner loop control is based on two conventional PID controllers. The effectiveness of the proposed control system is demonstrated through simulations and experiments.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Automated Guide Vehicle,Fuzzy,Path following,PID
Contribution of industry 4.0 technologies to mitigating pandemic contagion and proliferation	2020	Proceedings of the International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Operations Management	IEOM Society International.The novel coronavirus has caused a global pandemic of over 10 million infected cases which lead to over 500,000 deaths. The rapid transmission rate of this virus forced countries to impose nationwide lockdowns with the aim of decelerating infection rate and warding off the inevitable overloading of their healthcare systems. A few months after the lockdown, the countries are now looking into lifting lockdown measures and reopening economies. While some nations are able to exercise precautions and safety measures to reopen securely, other countries still face many challenges. In particular, developing nations can no longer be closed for business and must reopen to sustain their economy. Inevitably, this reopening, if not done securely will lead to rapid rise in the infection rates which cannot be absorbed by their healthcare systems due to shortage of medical equipment. Under these challenges, industrial, retail, logistics as well as healthcare sectors require alternate solutions that can fulfill the dual purpose of: (i) ensuring business productivity and profitability during the pandemic (ii) reducing risk of spread of contagion in their facilities by limiting human workforce. One way of ensuring production at minimal human resources is by adoption of automation and emerging technologies available under the industry 4.0 umbrella. In many ways, the pandemic has served as a catalyst to the implementation of these technologies in many sectors. To this end, this paper investigates the scope and competitive advantages of automation and robotics in controlling and mitigating contagions while ensuring that the economy remains open for business. For results, this paper provides a statistical analysis of areas where robotics have already been implemented pre-pandemic, and the advantages they have proven to bring.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Selected logistics trends in Slovak wood processing enterprises	2020	Sustainability of Forest-Based Industries in the Global Economy - Proceedings of Scientific Papers	Forest-Based Industries in the Global Economy .All right reserved.The present time necessarily requires acceptance of the ongoing Fourth Industrial Revolution. This is largely reflected in industry and every enterprises. Increased attention needs to be paid to the logistics of the wood processing industry, because implements trends in the form of new communication, information and transport technologies, methods, approaches, concepts and strategies. For this reason, enterprises of wood processing industry need to be more aware of the prevailing changes and new challenges and accordingly, determine the new direction of logistics. The main aim of the paper is to present selected logistics trends of wood processing industry on the basis of knowledge base, which consisted of study of domestic and foreign literature and to find out their application and use in Slovak wood processing enterprises.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	0	Forestry,Mechanical Engineering,Control and Optimization	Pick-by-systems,Quick response,Trends in logistics,Warehouse management system
Optimization of Magnetic Coupling for Small and Medium Power Wireless Charging System	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.Aiming at the problem that low coupling coefficient of small and medium power wireless charging system always leads to low charging efficiency, a method improving the coupling coefficient by optimizing magnetic coupling structure was proposed. 3-D finite-element analysis (FEA) has been carried out to compare and analyze the transmission performance of three commonly used magnetic coupling structures. In addition, the coil coupling effects at different lengths and widths were compared under the same coil area to achieve the best coupling performance. The equations about output power and efficiency were derived from the equivalent circuit,and the expressions about coupling coefficient were obtained by analyzing the equivalent magnetic circuit diagrams, which provide the basis for optimizing magnetic core structures. Then, a process of design and optimization of magnetic cores was presented and following the process a retro-shaped core structure was designed for rectangular coil. The simulation results show that compared with the original charging system, coupling coefficient of the wireless charging system using the optimized magnetic coupling structure is improved significantly, thus, verifying the effectiveness of the optimization methodology.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Anti-offset capability,IPT system,Magnetic coupler,SS compensation
Automated sensor-guided packaging of diamond tools	2020	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the abstract is permitted for personal use only.Automated, ultra-precise packaging strategies reduce production time and costs while increasing yield, quantity, and precision, making them one of the main research and development questions in the field of production technology. Fraunhofer IPT develops sensor-guided assembly solutions for packaging and testing of optical and non-optical components to meet the demand. In this paper, we present a prototypical process for the automated, ultra-precise passive alignment using the assembly of a diamond engraving tool as an example. The challenge is to place a diamond measuring three millimetres in its largest dimension into a groove of similar size and to position the tip of the diamond within tolerances of a few micrometres and arcminutes. This six dimensional assembly problem is tackled by feeding live camera data to an image processing algorithm and by aligning the diamond using Fraunhofer IPT's ultra-precise micromanipulator, collectively forming an automated, closed-loop assembly process. Thus, a fully automated packaging process with very high accuracy and reliability is proven to be technically possible.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated closed-loop assembly,Sensor-guided packaging,Ultra-precise passive alignment
Memetic algorithm for solving flexible flow-shop scheduling problems with dynamic transport waiting times	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2019Flexible flow-shop scheduling with dynamic transport waiting times (FFSPDW) is a typical flow shop scheduling problem in smart manufacturing system. In this problem, jobs need to be transported by transporters like AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) to next stage after processing. During transportation, waiting time dynamically occurs for both jobs and transporters, and finally contributes to makespan. The waiting times are conditioned by buffer capacity, machine allocations and production sequence. In order to minimize makespan with consideration of dynamic waiting times, we proposed a waiting time calculation approach to evaluate waiting time and makespan. This approach considers two situations: infinite buffer capacity and zero buffer capacity. Further, we developed a memetic algorithm integrated with waiting time calculation approach to solve FFSPDW. Finally, we verified the algorithm parameters via analysis of variance. Computational results show that the proposed memetic algorithm is able to reach high quality solutions with short computation time. Consequently, the proposed approach is suitable for solving industrial FFSPDW problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Dynamic waiting times,Flexible flow-shop scheduling,Integrated scheduling,Iterated greedy algorithm,Makespan
Design of AGV Positioning Navigation Control System Based on Vision and RFID	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.A design of composite navigation control system based on RFID and vision is proposed for problems, such as low positioning, poor stability, high cost, of the present AGV navigation ways. AGV recognizes the station with RFID firstly, then AGV builds an image recognition system with visual technology to achieve the accurate positioning. In this way, AGV can accomplish complex navigation tasks more accurately and efficiently. Low recognition precision of guides and noise interference can be solved with software by using gray image segmentation, image edge extraction, image denoising and linear fitting. The positioning accuracy of AGV is raised to 5 mm, meanwhile the angle precision is raised to 0.1° in application. The system not only satisfies the continuous positioning in large space, but also meets the requirement of high precision positioning, and realizes industrial automation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	AGV,Composite navigation,RFID,Vision
Optimal Lane Merging for AGV	2020	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.This paper addresses the generation of an optimal constrained trajectory for lane merging tasks. The developed algorithm ensure a safe and a less fuel consumption for autonomous driving. The security is established with the restriction of both the lateral and the longitudinal AGV’s position inside a safe zone while accomplishing a lane change to overtake an obstacle or to follow a lead vehicle. However the path’s optimality is carried out by minimizing the lateral and the longitudinal cost functions. The generated trajectory is then tracked accurately with an adaptive computed torque controller. The whole approach is then validated with numerical simulations.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Tunisia	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	Adaptive computed torque,Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Lane merging,Lateral control,Longitudinal control
A computer vision-based navigation and localization method for station-moving aircraft transport platform with dual cameras	2020	Sensors (Switzerland)	2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.In order to develop equipment adapted to the aircraft pulse final assembly line, a vision-based aircraft transport platform system is developed. This article explores a guiding method between assembly stations which is low-cost and easy to change routes by using two-dimensional code and two complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) cameras. The two cameras installed on the front and back of the platform read the two-dimensional code containing station information to guide the platform. In the process of guiding, the theoretical position and posture of the platform at each assembly station are known, but there is a difference between the actual and theoretical values due to motion errors. To reduce the influence of the deviation on the navigation route, a localization method is proposed based on the two-dimensional images captured by the cameras. Canny edge detection is applied to the processed image to obtain the position of the two-dimensional code in the image, which can measure the angle/distance deviation of the platform. Then, the computer can locate the platform precisely by the information in the two-dimensional code and the deviation measured by the image. To verify the feasibility of the proposed method, experiments have been performed on the developed platform system. The results show that the distance and angle errors of the platform are within ±10 mm and ±0.15◦ respectively.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Analytical Chemistry,Biochemistry,Atomic and Molecular Physics, and Optics,Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Aircraft final assembly,CMOS sensor,Localization method,Transport equipment,Vision navigation
Dead-Band Optimization for ZVS in Inductive Power Transfer System	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.The realization of zero-voltage switching (ZVS) of inverter can reduce the circuit switching loss. It meets the high power density requirements of the inductive power transfer (IPT). To achieve ZVS, it is necessary to consider the matching of impedance properties to dead-band. Therefore, based on the input equivalent impedance and dead-band, the conditions for achieving ZVS are studied in this paper. Firstly, the equivalent input impedance model is established based on secondary-side full compensation and the switching process is analyzed in the case of ZVS. Secondly, based on the above model, the dead-band range of ZVS is derived. Then, the influence of the primary-side compensation capacitor on the ZVS is discussed, which provides a theoretical basis for fine-tuning the compensation capacitor. Finally, the feasibility of the method is verified by simulation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dead-band optimization,Inductive power transfer,Primary compensation capacitor,ZVS
Design of low-power programmable gain amplifier with dc-offset cancellation circuit	2020	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2020.In this paper, a low-power gain control amplifier with a direct current offset cancellation circuit is proposed in order to amplify analog signals. The proposed PGA (Programmable Gain Amplifier) is less sensitive to external influences due to the inclusion of active load on differential amplifiers. The PGA connects a direct current offset cancellation circuit, based on the Miller effect, to a differential amplifier stage to reduce area and compensate for distortion or lack of linearity. This circuit is also designed to be adjustable in eight steps, from 4 dB to 60 dB, using gain controls. The proposed PGA is designed using the TSMC 0.13 μm CMOS process, and was verified by simulation in ADS (Advanced Design System) tool. Compared to conventional research results, the proposed PGA achieved a gain error of less than 0.1 dB and a lower consumption of 0.16 mW.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	0.13 μm CMOS,Dc-offset cancellation,Low-power,Programmable gain amplifier (PGA)
Introduction to Material Feeding 4.0: Strategic, Tactical, and Operational Impact	2020	IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology	2020, IFIP International Federation for Information Processing.Mass customization, the process of producing a low-volume high-variety of products, is changing production environments. In Material Feeding (MF) this means a huge increment in the number of parts, and information, that need to be managed during the different MF activities. If companies want to get high performances from their MF activities, they need to be able to manage these changes in the best manner. Industry 4.0 technologies are introducing new opportunities to help companies in the execution and control of the MF activities. It is important for companies to be able to understand how to implement these technologies in their processes and how to take these opportunities. In order to facilitate this, in this paper the concept of Material Feeding 4.0 (MF 4.0) is presented for the first time, as Material Feeding where the Industry 4.0 technologies are introduced. The impact of the identified technologies is studied at a strategic, tactical and operational level.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems and Management	Assembly system,Industry 4.0,Material Feeding,Operational,Strategic,Tactical
Omnidirectional and Efficient Wireless Power Transfer System for Logistic Robots	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The WPT system for logistic robots has the problems of large fluctuation of charging power and low efficiency due to the change of its position. Based on the principle of parity time symmetry, an omnidirectional and efficient wireless power transfer system for logistic robots is proposed. Firstly, the coupling coefficient of two planar spiral coils in different relative positions in space are studied. Then, a time-varying coupled-mode model of the WPT system based on the offset angle of the receiver coil is established, and its working principle and characteristics are analyzed. As long as the coupling coefficient satisfies certain conditions, the output power and efficiency of the system are always keeping constant. Finally, the proposed model is experimentally verified. The measured results show that the WPT system proposed can realize stable 150W power transfer with constant transmitting efficiency of more than 90% for a logistic robot within a confined three-dimensional space around the charging station, which are provided to further verify the correctness of theoretical analysis.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	coupled-mode theory,logistic robots,omnidirectional,parity time symmetry,Wireless power transfer
Novel implementation of multiple automatedground vehicles trafficreal time control algorithm forwarehouse operations: Djikstra approach	2020	Operations and Supply Chain Management	2020 Operations and Supply Chain Management Forum. All rights reserved.Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems have benefited numerous industrial warehouses in the transportation of components, parts, and raw materials. Although the AGV systems have offered great flexibility, the implementation of AGV systems imposes major challenges in the management of traffic between multiple ground vehicles inside the warehouse. An AGV traffic control system in conjunction with an anti-collision path planning algorithm presents efficiencies for transferring parts in the warehouse operations. This paper evaluates several path planning algorithms and traffic control algorithms that can be implemented with multiple ground vehicles. The application of the Dijkstra approach is proposed as the most efficient traffic control algorithm and path planning algorithm with the implementation of the anti-collision algorithm. The suggested algorithm is simulated using MATLAB software to check its rationality and performances under a real-life scenario and for comparison with the alternatives. The traffic control algorithm for multiple AGV systems has been performed in a dynamic environment and a time-based simulation and calculations have been used to optimize the velocity profile for each AGV. The finding from this paper presents timely and valuable insights into smart warehouses and logistics phenomenon, as a potential mechanism for optimizing material handling in warehouse management to be more efficient and collision-free through the use of modern technologies such as AGV systems and Industry 4.0 integration.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	0	Management Information Systems,Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	AGV system,Anti-collision algorithm,Industry 4.0,Smart logistics,Smart warehouse,Supply chain management,Traffic control,Warehouse automation
Optimization of Fleet Size and Structure While Serving Given Freight Flows	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.A transition of vehicles into private ownership has led to a decrease of effectiveness of their use. In this case fleet size and structure is often not coordinated with freight flows. That is why in order to make decisions on effective investment of funds it is necessary to apply appropriate optimization models. For this reason in the paper a new flow model for optimization of structure and vehicles use technology while serving given freight flows is proposed. The optimization model uses an investment distribution graph, where a money flow unit is compared to amount of transported freight and to possible income using a particular vehicle type. The optimization model is realized as a computer program that allows carrying out different experiments applying different initial data and helps to determine the most effective solutions in a dynamic market environment. As an example, the authors created a model for three conditional regions and three relatively interchangeable types of vehicles. Results of one of the experiments are presented in the paper.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Effective investment of funds,Fleet size,Freight flows,Optimization model,Optimization of fleet size and structure
Intelligent production logistics system based on internet of things	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.Internet of things technology is the basis of transformation and upgrading of manufacturing industry and it is also the basis of realization of intelligent manufacturing. The introduction of Internet of things technology in the production workshop can promote the transformation of manufacturing and logistics business models, as well as collaborative production scheduling and logistics scheduling. This paper discusses the goal setting of intelligent workshop production logistics system, the structure of intelligent workshop production logistics system and the key technologies to be solved in constructing intelligent workshop production logistics system. On this basis, the paper analyzes the characteristics of production logistics of tire enterprises, puts forward the train of thought of constructing intelligent production logistics system in rubber refining workshop, component workshop, molding workshop and vulcanization workshop of tire enterprises, and finally analyzes the expected effect. Intelligent workshop production logistics system can realize the integration of intelligent manufacturing and intelligent logistics, improve the production efficiency and logistics efficiency of manufacturing enterprises.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Intelligent manufacturing,Internet of things,Production logistics
Route assignment and scheduling with trajectory coordination	2020	IISE Transactions	2020, Copyright  2020 “IISE”.We study the problem of finding optimal routes and schedules for multiple vehicles traveling in a network. Vehicles may have different origins and destinations, and must coordinate their trajectories to keep a minimum distance from each other at any time. We determine a route and a schedule for each vehicle, which possibly requires vehicles to wait at some nodes. Vehicles are heterogeneous in terms of their speed on each arc, which we assume is known and constant once in motion. Applications of this problem include air and maritime routing, where vehicles maintain a steady cruising speed as well as a safety distance to avoid collision. Additional related problems arise in the transportation of hazardous materials and in military operations, where vehicles cannot be too close to each other given the risk posed to the population or the mission in case of a malicious attack. We discuss the hardness of this problem and present an exact formulation for its solution. We devise an exact solution algorithm based on a network decomposition that exploits the sparsity of the optimal solution. We illustrate the performance of our methods on real and randomly generated networks.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	network optimization,route assignment,Trajectory planning,vehicle routing and scheduling
Hybridised ant colony optimisation for convoy movement problem	2020	Annals of Operations Research	2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.The convoy movement problem (CMP) is a routing and scheduling problem for military convoys across a network where encounters of vehicles in the network are restricted and the movements of vehicles must occur within given time windows. This problem finds applications in many real-world problems such as scheduling and routing freight trains along a single line network, scheduling aircraft landings on runways, routing of automated guided vehicles in an FMS environment, handling baggage along a common automated conveyor belt system. The CMP is known to be hard computationally. Therefore, heuristic algorithms are the key to obtain quick and reliable solutions. This paper proposes a novel hybridised ant colony algorithm that combines a local search procedure with the ant colony optimisation to solve large and dense instances of the problem. We generate a new dataset which includes small to large instances with a wide range of arc densities to simulate real-world instances. We run a comprehensive computational experiment on our generated dataset to examine the efficiency of our approach. Our experiments show that our approach well handles large and dense instances with reasonably fine solutions. Furthermore, we show the importance of using a good seed solution for initialisation of the algorithm. We analyse the convergence of the algorithm for this seed solution and hybridising the ant colony algorithm with a local search procedure.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Ant colony optimisation,Combinatorial optimisation,Convoy movement problem,Hybridisation,Local search,Metaheuristics
Cloud-Based AGV Control System	2020	Lecture Notes of the Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering, LNICST	2020, ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering.With the development of artificial intelligence technology, the application of mobile robots is more and more extensive. How to solve the control problem of mobile robots in complex network environment is one of the core problems that plague the promotion and application of AGV clusters. In view of the above problems, this paper studies the control technology in the cloud big data environment, and realizes the decision, planning and control of AGV in the cloud environment. Firstly, cloud-side data sharing and cross-domain collaboration are used to realize intelligent adaptive association of heterogeneous data, then establish a collaborative hierarchical information cloud processing model, and design a new AGV sensing structure based on various devices such as laser radar and ultrasonic sensors. Finally, a set of AGV motion control methods in cloud environment is proposed. The experimental results show that the efficient coordination among network nodes in the heterogeneous AGV system in the cloud environment is stable overall and has a lower delay rate, which will greatly promote the application of AGV in various complex network environments.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Networks and Communications	AGV,Cloud environment,Control system
Single Mobile Robot Scheduling Problem: A Survey of Current Biologically Inspired Algorithms, Research Challenges and Real-World Applications	2020	Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Intelligent mobile robots belong to advanced material handling systems that are finding increasing applications in modern manufacturing environments. Due to their mobility, mobile robots can adapt to changing environments in manufacturing systems and carry out various tasks such as transportation, inspection, exploration, or manipulation. On the other hand, features such as autonomy, intelligence, flexibility, and the capability to learn allow mobile robots to be widely used for many tasks, including material handling, material transporting, or part feeding tasks. Motion planning and scheduling of an intelligent mobile robot are one of the most vital issues in the field of robotics since these factors are essential for contributing to the efficiency of the overall manufacturing system. The robot scheduling problem belongs to the class of NP-hard problems and numerous efforts have been made to develop methodologies for obtaining optimal solutions to the problem. Therefore, this paper presents a review of the literature sources and gives a comparative analysis of biologically inspired optimization algorithms used to solve this problem. Four different optimization algorithms, namely genetic algorithms (GA), particle swarm optimization algorithm (PSO), chaotic particle swarm optimization algorithm (cPSO), and whale optimization algorithm (WOA) are proposed and implemented in Matlab software package. The experimental verification is carried out by using real-world benchmark examples. The experimental results indicate that all aforementioned algorithms can be successfully used for optimization of single mobile robot scheduling problem.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Serbia	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	Biologically inspired algorithms,Intelligent manufacturing system,Single mobile robot scheduling
Understanding the final-state control from the standpoint of the model predictive control and its application to a three-dimensional trajectory control problem	2020	Microsystem Technologies	2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.In many motion control problems of mechatronic equipment, the control performance of the final-state of the control period is strictly important for positioning or settling issues. Totani and Nishimura proposed a final-state control (FSC) method using the compensation input for achieving such requirements in 1994. The FSC technique has been improved and applied to various kinds of actual mechanical motion control problems. In the same way, there is a similar method to solve these kinds of problems called model predictive control (MPC). However, the difference between FSC and MPC has not been fully clarified yet. This paper shows the relationship between the FSC and MPC methods. First, an updating-type FSC (UFSC) proposed by a part of the authors is introduced. Then, this paper analytically shows that the control input of UFSC agrees in the input of MPC under some conditions. This analysis makes clear the meaning of “updating” in the FSC technique for actual mechanical motion control applications. Moreover, this paper shows an application of the UFSC to a three-dimensional positioning problem with a fixed-wing airplane and performs numerical simulations to help the understanding the characteristics of the UFSC. Through the discussions of this paper, the characteristic of the FSC is clarified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Hardware and Architecture,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Introducing safety and security co-engineering related research orientations in the field of automotive security	2020	Periodica Polytechnica Transportation Engineering	2020 Budapest University of Technology and Economics. All rights reserved.Since modern vehicles are connected and their transport processes are strongly supported by different automated functions, malicious external interventions can impair safety integrity. Therefore, it seems to be reasonable in the future to introduce safety and security co-engineering approaches in the automotive industry. With regard to the performed evaluation, three main promising research orientations have been identified. Automotive safety and security related development of co-engineering methodology and validation framework are of key importance from the viewpoint of autonomous transportation. Accordingly, a scenario based, integrated evaluation of automotive safety and security would be closely fit to the concept of SOTIF and the SoS approach. Beyond this, the communication and network security of "vehicle to everything" channels have to also be in the focus of automotive researches. Additionally, the development of automotive anomaly detection systems, especially focusing on the complex SoS operation processes will be a highly important research orientation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	0	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Automotive safety,Automotive security,Safety co-engineering,Security co-engineering
Modelling the “Captain’s Nose”: Exploring the Shift Towards Autonomous Fishing with Social Simulation	2020	Springer Proceedings in Complexity	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.With the rapid advances in the development of autonomous vehicles, the fishing industry might be faced in the near future with a shift to (partially or fully) autonomous fishing vessels or operations. Large-scale utilization of autonomous fishing practices will lead to a reorganization of society in many respects, with critical challenges related to conservation, economy, governance, and ethics. This study focuses on some relevant topics to reflect on with social simulation approaches. These topics will have to be revisited when exploring the possible challenges and opportunities of moving from traditional to autonomous fishing activities.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Norway	0	Applied Mathematics,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Fishing industry,Human-agent interaction,Interdisciplinary approaches,Maritime robotics,Multi-agent systems,Social modelling
A comprehensive framework for the design of modular robotic mobile fulfillment systems	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This paper focuses on the design of modular Robotic Mobile Fulfillment Systems. A Robotic Mobile Fulfillment System is an automated storage and retrieval system, in which mobile robots are deployed to deliver storage shelves for picking operation. This paper proposes a modular robotic system with aisle-captive robots for small and medium-sized logistics warehouses. Then analytical models, including a bottleneck-based model and an open queueing network model, are developed to estimate system throughput and average order flow time. Last, a two-stage design framework is proposed to rapidly identify an optimal system configuration. The main contributions are that: first, the proposed modular robotic system is free of traffic congestion and blocking; second, the comprehensive framework highlights some significant guidelines for warehouse developers during the 'conceptualization' phase of system development. Simulation experiments indicate that the open queueing network model can provide accurate system performance estimation. The effectiveness of the proposed design framework is validated through practical application in real cases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Logistics warehouses,Material handling,Open queueing network,Robotic mobile fulfillment system
Automatic collecting and shooting mobile robot	2020	International Journal of Mechanical Engineering and Robotics Research	2020 Int. J. Mech. Eng. Rob. Res.Nowadays, automatic factory is the goal pursued by many industries. Therefore, transporting need is becoming more and more important. Using a mobile robot to transport between stations will substitute human to increase productivity. In this paper, an omnidirectional mobile robot has been established by aluminum extrusion and acrylic. Digital Signal Processor (DSP) is a main controller that commands the robot to move and transport. Visual identification is realized via a camera using a Single Board Computer (SBC) in a specified area and gets command to perform the task. Finally, the mobile robot can complete the related tasks autonomously. Furthermore, the modularizing robot can be easy to change the operating mode to perform various tasks conveniently.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Color recognition,Mobile robot,Positioning system,Shock absorption system
Investigation of hybrid locomotive robot for anti-personnel mine detection	2020	International Journal of Vehicle Structures and Systems	2020. MechAero Foundation for Technical Research & Education Excellence.Most of landmine detection robots proposed so far have been strongly restricted from locomotion inside the mine field because they cannot cross over the mine. So we have proposed a mine detection robot with hybrid locomotion, which can enter inside the minefield with low ground surface contact, which can cross over the mine instead of changing its path and scan landmines directly using Electro Magnetic Induction sensor. The hybrid locomotion proposed in the robot uses the frame walking technique and the conventional wheeled locomotion. The robot switches over the locomotion mechanism from wheeled to leg when mine is detected and vice versa with a lead screw mechanism. The leg locomotion is achieved by frame walking technique where the two frames translate with the help of lead screw mechanism. A purpose of adopting this combination is to evade anti-personnel landmines which are relatively smaller in comparison to their anti-tank landmine counterparts. The robot initially starts in wheeled mode and upon detection of metal, pulls in the frame walking algorithm. The robot also deploys an obstacle avoidance algorithm when working in wheel mode.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Anti-personnel landmines,Anti-tank landmine,Frame walking,Ground penetrating radar,Hybrid locomotion
Planning connections between underground logistics system and container ports	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2019 Elsevier LtdIn order to alleviate the traffic congestion inside the port cities caused by container transportation, the underground logistics system (ULS) is considered in this paper to solve the container transportation problem. By establishing port-convergence-station, the connection between the ULS and the port is realized. Specifically, the paper describes the internal layout and floor space of the port-convergence-station. Meanwhile, a robust optimization model is established to deal with the uncertainties of the carrying capacity of an ULS. Moreover, a case study based on Waigaoqiao Port Area to Logistics Park in Jiading is conducted to intuitively solve the robust optimization model to obtain the appropriate location of the port-convergence-station. And the effectiveness of establishing ULS and port-convergence-stations in the case is verified by simulation to illustrate the congestion problem in the container port area.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Container ports,Port-convergence-station,Robust optimization,Station planning,Underground logistics system
Information Modelling of the Storage-Distribution System	2020	Smart Innovation, Systems and Technologies	2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.The paper highlights the problem of modelling the storage-distribution system in which products are dispatched from the finished products warehouse directly to customers on the basis of the minimal correlated manufacturing, storing and transport costs. The pseudocode based on the specification assumptions followed by the subsequent project is emphasized as well. Various dispatching models are subject to the cost analysis. Equations of the system state are presented in order to illustrate the flow of products in the storage-distribution part of the logistics chain.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	0	Decision Sciences (all),Computer Science (all)	Distribution system,Heuristic strategies,Logistics,Logistics information system,Manufacturing process,Mathematical model,Minimal cost criterion,Simulation,Supply chain management
Proposal of Methodology to Calculate Necessary Number of Autonomous Trucks for Trolleys and Efficiency Evaluation	2020	Open Engineering	2020 J. Gnap et al., published by De Gruyter.The introduction of the paper highlights best practice in the area of deploying autonomous trucks in warehouses and the automotive industry, including the current technical possibilities of selected autonomous trucks. The next chapter presents the selected outputs of the scientific project "Center of Excellence for Intelligent Transport Systems" focused on a proposal of the methodology for calculating the necessary number of autonomous trucks and trolleys deployed in logistics warehouses. The methodology is based on the requirement that autonomous trucks do not have downtime. This represents a model solution with possible application in warehouse logistics but also in the automotive industry. The follow-up chapter proposes a methodological procedure to evaluate the efficiency of introducing autonomous trucks to pull trolleys in a logistics warehouse compared to conventional trucks operated by trained personnel. Autonomous trucks can theoretically be operated 365 days and 24 hours depending on the technology of their operation, battery charging, etc. On the other hand, there is generally a shortage of logistics personnel in the European Union as well as reliability and performance have been declining in recent years. The conclusion of the paper includes a discussion of the research results obtained and possibilities for future research.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovakia	0	Environmental Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all),Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	autonomous vehicles,efficiency,logistics,technology
Cantor set based neighbor generation method for permutation solution representation	2020	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2020 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.Metaheuristics gained world-wide popularity and researchers have been studying them vigorously in the last two decades. A relatively less explored approach in the improvement of metaheuristics is to design new neighbor generation mechanisms. Neighbor generation mechanisms are very important in the success of any single solution-based heuristic since they directly guide the search. In this study, a neighbor generation mechanism called cantor-set based (CB) method for single solution-based heuristics which use permutation solution representation is described. The inspiration for CB method stems from the recursive algorithm that constructs a cantor set which is a fractal set. Three variations of CB method are discussed (CB-1, CB-2, CB-3) considering the presented design possibilities. The computational experiments are conducted by embedding the mechanisms into the classical local search and simulated annealing algorithms, separately, to test their efficiency and effectiveness by comparing them to classical swap and insertion mechanisms. The traveling salesman problem (TSP) and quadratic assignment problem (QAP) which are very different problems that have incompatible characteristics have been chosen to test the mechanisms and sets of benchmark instances with varying sizes are chosen for the comparisons. The computational tests show that CB-2 gives very favorable results for TSP and CB-1 gives favorable results for QAP which means that CB-2 is suitable for problems that have steep landscapes and CB-1 is suitable for the problems that have flat landscapes. It is observed that CB-3 is a more generalized mechanism because it gives consistently good results for both TSP and QAP instances. The best mechanism for a given instance of the both problem types outperforms the classical neighbor generation of swap and insertion in terms of effectiveness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	cantor set,local search,Neighbor generation,quadratic assignment problem,simulated annealing,traveling salesman problem
Detection of landmarks by autonomous mobile robots using camera-based sensors in outdoor environments	2020	IEEE Sensors Journal	2020 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.. All rights reserved.This paper presents the methods of increasing the probability of landmark detection using the features of the color parameters (coordinates) of the image averaged over each column of the camera matrix pixels. The first method involves selecting a jump (dip) of color parameters distribution and averaging these parameters in the background areas using shifted similar distributions for images obtained by scanning the surrounding space. This possibility occurs if the correlation radius of the color parameters on the image is several times smaller than the horizontal size of the image. The second method uses a color parameter jump on the first modes of the Hilbert-Huang transform in the location of a landmark image.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Ukraine	0	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Color parameter,Detection of landmark,Hilbert-Huang transform,Mobile autonomous robot
An Efficient Algorithm for Minimizing Regular Criteria in the Job-Shop Scheduling Multi-resource Resource Flexibility with Linear Routes	2020	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.The level of publications of extensions derived from the Job-shop scheduling problem is really low. The Flexible Job-shop scheduling problem is the most studied and the minimization of the makespan is the dominant approach in the literature. The level of the customer service cannot be measured efficiently minimizing makespan, since it does not consider relevant aspects like the due date of jobs and the importance between customers. In this paper, we propose an efficient and fast local search general algorithm to minimize regular criteria in the Job-shop Scheduling Multi-resource Resource Flexibility with Linear Routes Problem “JSMRFLR”. JSMRFLR models situations in which an operation to be processed needs simultaneously several resources or machines, where each resource is selected from a given set of candidate resources. Our approach makes use of the disjunctive graph model to represent schedules or solutions and guide the search for an optimal solution by a fast estimation function. The transformation in the conjunctive graph is evaluated at swapping a critical arc that affects the criterion and the reassignment of and separately. The efficiency of our approach is evidenced in instances of literature for the case of makespan criterion and a reference of results is proposed by the case of the total flow time, the maximum and total tardiness.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Colombia	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Extension of the Job-Shop scheduling problem,Makespan,Maximum tardiness,Scheduling theory,Total flow time,Total tardiness and local search and linear routes
Analysis of asset location data to support decisions in production management and control	2020	Procedia CIRP	2020 The Authors.In the era of cyber-physical environments, indoor asset tracking systems enable to monitor and control production in a smarter way than ever before, as they are capable of providing data about the location of various equipment on the shop-floor in near real time. The right use of this data contributes to the improvement of production control and management processes, however, utilization of the related information often requires novel methods. In the paper, decision-making approaches are presented that rely on advanced data analytics for asset location systems. The efficiency of the results are presented through an industry related use-case.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Data analytics,Indoor positioning system,Production management
Development of algorithms for the operation of PLM-system of electronic	2020	Smart Innovation, Systems and Technologies	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd 2020.An algorithm for the functioning of the PLM-system for enterprises for the production of radio-electronic products, the proposed methodology for assessing the competitiveness and life cycle of industrial products indicated groups of indicators for the analysis and evaluation of the technical level of products. The methodology for assessing the integral index of product competitiveness is given.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	0	Decision Sciences (all),Computer Science (all)	Cyber-physical systems,Internet of things,PLM-system,Product life cycle,Smart factory
Autonomous vans - The planning process of transport tasks	2020	Open Engineering	2020 A. Nieoczym et al., published by De Gruyter 2020.Autonomous vehicles are gaining more and more followers and are becoming a reality. Although the total change of the transport system to an autonomous one still remains a big challenge, the development of navigation, control and supervision systems for vehicles gives hope for an autonomous future. The article describes the rules for choosing a route and the process of outsourcing transport tasks. The formulas for calculating the values of indicators characterizing the transport process are provided in the simple case when vehicles move along a fixed route where there are no disturbances. Additionally, the theory of Markov random systems was used to determine the system capacity, average queue length for servicing and the average number of requests.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Poland	1	Environmental Engineering,Civil and Structural Engineering,Materials Science (all),Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	autonomous vehicle,Markov queue processes,route planning,transport tasks
Crafting Interactive Narrative Games with Adversarial Planning Agents from Simulations	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.This paper describes Adversario, an implemented system for creating interactive narrative games centered around an adversarial planner directing autonomous agents to achieve goals that conflict with player goals. Through our implementation, we present a novel framework for creating interactive narrative games wherein the autonomous agents guided by the adversarial planner have rich and varied attributes derived from a complex social simulation. By doing this, we show that it is possible to craft interactive narrative games with a set of carefully curated domain actions to produce interactions in a procedurally generated world with rich characters. Our system bridges several gaps between interactive narrative game design, procedural content generation, and classical AI planning. We demonstrate this by transforming a simulation-planning based narrative generation system into a system for streamlining the process of crafting interactive narrative games involving rich procedurally generated agents.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Evaluation of PWM technologies for pesticide spray applications in a two-year old apple orchard	2020	ASABE 2020 Annual International Meeting	ASABE 2020 Annual International Meeting.Utilization of pulse width modulation (PWM) controlled nozzles may mitigate the off-target losses generated during pesticide treatments. Assays in two-year old apple trees were conducted to evaluate spray quality in a single pass of three systems retrofitted in an airblast sprayer: 1) constant-rate with PWM nozzles controlled with a manual emission system; 2) variable-rate with PWM nozzles controlled automatically with a laser-guided intelligent spray system and 3) constant-rate without PWM controls. Stainless steel screens and water sensitive papers were selected as collectors for measuring the spray deposition and coverage on twelve trees randomly selected from four downstream rows. Plastic plates placed on the ground and nylon screens mounted at five heights on seven poles were used to assess ground and airborne drifts. Data showed that a single pass for each system provided adequate leaf deposits and coverage for the first two rows, but the disabled and manual PWM modes probably incurred over-spray problems. The automatic PWM controlled variable-rate mode guaranteed the number of droplets per unit area required to control insects and diseases, and used the lower application rate with lower ground and airborne drifts than the two constant-rate modes. Results suggested that a single spray pass from each of the three systems could provide adequate spray deposits and coverage in the first two rows, reducing economic costs, but the automatic PWM control could reduce more off-target losses, contributing more efficient spray applications than both conventional and manual PWM controlled constant-rate systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Agronomy and Crop Science,Bioengineering	Air-assisted sprayer,Laser-guided sprayer,Pesticide treatments,Pulse width modulation,Spray efficiency,Variable rate application
A dynamic scheduling mechanism of part feeding for mixed-model assembly lines based on the modified neural network and knowledge base	2020	Soft Computing	2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.Inspired by the manufacturing costs proportion of part feeding in automotive mixed-model assembly lines (MMALs) being up to 20–35%, this paper takes the dynamic scheduling of part feeding for automotive MMALs as a crucial and complex problem. Therefore, a dynamic scheduling mechanism basing on the knowledge base (KB) and fruit fly optimization algorithm (FOA) with variable step sizes and logistic chaos (VSCFOA)-enhanced general regression neural network (VSCFOA-GRNN) is proposed to tackle the real-time part feeding scheduling problem of tow trains under the dynamic manufacturing system. A mathematical model is developed to illustrate the problem, where the throughput of the assembly line and the material delivery distance are determined as components of the objective function. Subsequently, samples of the MMAL are generated by the plant simulation software and used to train the VSCFOA-GRNN model off-line. Afterward, the trained model and KB are adopted in the real-time scheduling process to determine the optimal scheduling rule combination. Finally, the effectiveness, feasibility and accuracy of the novel scheduling mechanism are validated by computational results, especially in dynamic scheduling processes. It can cope well with changes in the dynamic environment, thus effectively realizing the higher productivity of assembly lines and better system performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Geometry and Topology	Dynamic scheduling,General regression neural network,Knowledge base,Mixed-model assembly lines,Part feeding,Tow train
Indoor wireless localization using consumer-grade 60 GHz equipment with machine learning for intelligent material handling	2020	Digest of Technical Papers - IEEE International Conference on Consumer Electronics	2020 IEEE.Wireless indoor localization is critical for autonomous agents in modern and future smart warehouses. Millimeter-wave (mmWave) frequencies have been investigated for high-precision localization in recent years for indoor as well as outdoor positioning. We propose machine learning (ML) techniques over a radio map to estimate the location of an autonomous material handling agent used in warehouses. Based on our experimental results we demonstrate that a Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) based positioning achieves centimeter level accuracy with Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) of 0.84m. The proposed localization technique achieves up to 80% lower positioning error compared to state-of-the-art mmWave wireless localization techniques.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Indoor localization,Machine learning,Millimeter-wave
Realization of motion planning generation for agent-based system in dynamic environment	2020	International Journal of Control and Automation	2020 SERSC.In these days, the troubles in overpopulation seem to be an urgent message. Like human, robots exist in real-world not only one but also a group of them. The control of multi-robots becomes a key factor to actuate the whole system which scheduling period must be taken place initially. In this paper, a modified scheduler scheme to manage mobile robots is proposed simultaneously. The planner algorithm dynamically generates to update global states whenever robot tracks the reference trajectory. Moreover, the traveling distance could be chosen better in concerning with the movement of other robots. To verify the proposed method, a multi-agent system was built in hardware model. The physical experiments proved that our approach is valuable, feasible and extendible in large scale system of logistics, manufacturing and factory automation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Viet Nam	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Motion planner,Multi-agent,Scheduling,Swarm robots
New approaches for solving the convoy movement problem	2020	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	2019 Elsevier LtdThe convoy movement problem (CMP) involves the routing and scheduling of a large number of vehicles and personnel across a network. A convoy is a group of (typically, army) vehicles and personnel that travel together as a group. Given the nature and context of these movements, it is necessary to avoid convoys crossing each other at a node, overtaking, or crossing each other on a road as they travel in the network from their individual origins to their destinations. The lengths and travel speeds are also major factors that determine the optimal travel paths and schedules for these convoys. In this paper, we review different variants of the CMP in the literature. We then propose a generalised problem statement for the CMP that accommodates all common variants. This generalised problem definition addresses several important side constraints that typically occur in real-world problems. We adapt and enhance existing formulations of the CMP in such a way that the generalised version can also be modelled. Further, we propose new approaches for solving large instances of the generalised CMP. Our computational experiments show that the techniques introduced in this paper substantially outperform existing approaches in the literature. We also generate a new dataset for the generalised CMP that provides a framework for the examination of various approaches for the CMP with a wider set of side constraints.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	0	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Convoy movement problem,Shortest path problem,Time-space network
Developments in advanced control system for safe and comfort lateral movement of vehicle	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd. 2020.There are so many reasons for vehicle accidents and the first reason amongst is less alertness of the driver; this may be because of driver’s fatigue or drowsiness. With the introduction of the automatic driver assistance system ADAS, there is possibility to avoid the accidental damage which is happening due to the said reason. To develop such system, two problems are required to be solved. One is prediction of the drowsiness and the other one is controlling the movement of vehicle. The theme of the paper; is to review various control algorithms used to develop shared steering control systems appropriate to implement the ADAS. For this a vehicle model is developed and described to solve the problem with model based development technique. The vehicle model developed is a two-dimensional 2D and 3D mathematical state-space model of laterally moving vehicle which is most suitable to design a shared steering control system. Finally the response of the vehicle state-space model, simulated for unit pulse input, is analyzed with MATLAB software.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	ADAS,Shared steering control system,State-space model of vehicle
Optimal stack layout configurations at automated container terminals using queuing network models	2020	Operations Research/ Computer Science Interfaces Series	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.A well-designed stack layout is crucial for container terminals to maximize both the internal efficiency and the responsiveness to customers (such as vessels, trucks, and trains). One key performance indicator influencing both efficiency and responsiveness is the container seaside lead time for unloading a container from the vessel, transporting it to the stack area and storing it in a stack block, or vice versa, loading it in a vessel. The terminal performance depends not only on operational variables such as the location of the container in the stack, but also on design decisions, such as the type and the number of stacking cranes per stack, the type and number of internal transport vehicles, the layout of the stack (parallel or perpendicular to the quay), and the dimensions of the stack. In this chapter, we present an overview of analytical models that rely on queueing network theory, for analyzing stack layout decisions in automated container terminals and summarize the design and operational insights.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	India	0	Computer Science (all),Management Science and Operations Research	None
Measuring sequence stability in automotive production lines	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.We consider the question of how stability in automotive manufacturing systems should be analysed. This topic is motivated by the need of original equipment manufacturers to evaluate the performance of their production system to ensure efficiency and long-term competitiveness. In order to deal with the increasing complexity of the manufacturing process, original equipment manufacturers need to focus on efficiency in the manufacturing process and supply chain. Since stability is one determining factor of efficiency they need to implement indicators to quantify and visualise stability. While the overall target for the long-, mid- and short-term planning processes remain the same, the application of and specifications for performance measures differ. We present, analyse and evaluate different indicators and reveal their capability to represent the status of stabilised production facilities. We also describe the challenges that arise when implementing these performance measures in real-world production facilities and give recommendations on how to manage these challenges. We provide a framework to assign indicators to planning problems. The transparency provided by accurately chosen indicators fosters understanding of the overall performance of the system and enhances the management of stabilised production.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	0	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	automotive industry,flow lines,mixed-model assembly lines,operational feedback,Performance measures,stabilised production system
Smart control of the assembly process with a fuzzy control system in the context of Industry 4.0	2020	Advanced Engineering Informatics	2019 Elsevier LtdAssembly line balancing is important for the efficiency of the assembly process, however, a wide range of disruptions can break the current workload balance. Some researchers explored the task assignment plan for the assembly line balancing problem with the assumption that the assembly process is smooth with no disruption. Other researchers considered the impacts of disruptions, but they only explored the task re-assignment solutions for the assembly line re-balancing problem with the assumption that the re-balancing decision has been made already. There is limited literature exploring on-line adjustment solutions (layout adjustment and production rate adjustment) for an assembly line in a dynamic environment. This is because real-time monitoring of an assembly process was impossible in the past, and it is difficult to incorporate uncertainty factors into the balancing process because of the randomness and non-linearity of these factors. However, Industry 4.0 breaks the information barriers between different parts of an assembly line, since smart, connected products, which are enabled by advanced information and communication technology, can intelligently interact and communicate with each other and collect, process and produce information. Smart control of an assembly line becomes possible with the large amounts of real-time production data in the era of Industry 4.0, but there is little literature considering this new context. In this study, a fuzzy control system is developed to analyze the real-time information of an assembly line, with two types of fuzzy controllers in the fuzzy system. Type 1 fuzzy controller is used to determine whether the assembly line should be re-balanced to satisfy the demand, and type 2 fuzzy controller is used to adjust the production rate of each workstation in time to eliminate blockage and starvation, and increase the utilization of machines. Compared with three assembly lines without the proposed fuzzy control system, the assembly line with the fuzzy control system performs better, in terms of blockage ratio, starvation ratio and buffer level. Additionally, with the improvement of information transparency, the performance of an assembly line will be better. The research findings shed light on the smart control of the assembly process, and provide insights into the impacts of Industry 4.0 on assembly line balancing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	4	Information Systems,Artificial Intelligence	Assembly line balancing,Fuzzy control system,Industry 4.0,Re-balancing
Toward Automated Virtual Assembly for Prefabricated Construction: Construction Sequencing through Simulated BIM	2020	Construction Research Congress 2020: Project Management and Controls, Materials, and Contracts - Selected Papers from the Construction Research Congress 2020	2020 American Society of Civil Engineers.To adhere to the stringent time and budget requirements of construction projects, contractors are utilizing prefabricated construction methods to expedite the construction process. Prefabricated construction methods require an adequate schedule and understanding by the contractors and constructors to be successful. The specificity of prefabricated construction often leads to inefficient scheduling and costly rework time. The designer, contractor, and constructors must have a strong understanding of the assembly process to experience the full benefits of the method. At the root of understanding the assembly process is visualizing how the process is intended to be performed. Currently, a virtual construction model is used to explain and better visualize the construction process. However, creating a virtual construction model is currently time consuming and requires experienced personnel. The proposed simulation of the virtual assembly will increase the automation of virtual construction modeling by implementing the data available in a building information modeling (BIM) model. This paper presents various factors [i.e., formalization of construction sequence based on the level of development (LOD)] that needs to be addressed for the development of automated virtual assembly. Two case studies are presented to demonstrate these factors.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Puerto Rico	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction	None
Optimization of storage location assignment in automated warehouse	2020	Microprocessors and Microsystems	2020To effectively manage the automated warehouse, aiming at the optimization of goods location assignment, an optimization function for the assignment of storage location was established with the shelf stability and access efficiency as the goal according to the principle of storage space allocation. To optimize the picking location of the roadway stacker when exiting the warehouse, a mathematical function model was established by analyzing the picking strategy of the warehouse delivery operation. The research results showed that the optimization of the cargo space and the optimization of the stacker crane operation route can improve the overall operating efficiency. It is concluded that the model can reduce the cost of goods handling and storage, the time lost in the storage process and handling process, thereby decreasing logistics costs and increasing revenue.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	Automated warehouse,Location optimization,Picking route,Scheduling strategy
Design of a low-power 77 ghz voltage-controlled oscillator	2020	Journal of Institute of Control, Robotics and Systems	ICROS 2020.This paper proposes a low-power 77 GHz CMOS VCO (Voltage-Controlled Oscillator) for the automotive collision avoidance radar. The VCO is implemented using 65 nm RF CMOS technology, and it is powered by a 1.2 V supply with a bias voltage of 0.8 V. This circuit also uses a fully-differential scheme to reduce RF noise, harmonic distortions, and unnecessary ripple variations, as well as to improve the linearity of the VCO. Compared to conventional methods, the proposed VCO achieved a lower power dissipation of 6.031 mW and a very small chip area of 0.09 mm2.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Applied Mathematics	77-GHz,Automotive collision avoidance radar,Low-power,RF CMOS,Voltage-controlled oscillator (VCO)
Analysis of Downtime Transient Impact for Energy Efficient Manufacturing Systems	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.In this paper, we investigate how a scheduled downtime would affect the manufacturing system throughput. The impact of a scheduled downtime on manufacturing system future behavior is analyzed based on the system physical constraints. We proposed the concept of downtime recovery time to describe the characteristics of this downtime future production impact, and to identify the future time span within which the system production will be affected by the scheduled downtime. In addition, evaluation methods are developed to predict the downtime production impact in both deterministic and stochastic scenarios. The evaluation results can be utilized in the design of production control policies to strategically schedule downtime actions to effectively improve system energy efficiency while achieving a desirable productivity.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	downtime recovery time,energy efficiency,Manufacturing system real-time performance,scheduled downtime impact
Autonomous smart robot for path predicting and finding in maze based on fuzzy and neuro-Fuzzy approaches	2020	Asian Journal of Control	2020 Chinese Automatic Control Society and John Wiley & Sons Australia, LtdThe navigation of autonomous mobile robots has in recent times gained interest from many researchers in different areas such as the industrial, agricultural, and military sectors. This paper aims at carefully investigating two advanced types of approaches for guiding a non-holonomic mobile robot to navigate in an environment area cluttered with static obstacles. Firstly, a Fuzzy logic controller (FLC) was designed, using trapezoidal shape Membership functions (MF's). Secondly, an Adaptive neuro fuzzy inference system (ANFIS) controller was used to optimize the results obtained from trapezoidal fuzzy controller. To validate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed models, V-REP and MATLAB software are used. A comparative evaluation is, then, done on the basis of speed. The simulations results showed that the mobile robot could navigate successfully into maze environment with both proposed approaches but ANFIS controller provided better results in comparison to fuzzy controller.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Tunisia	0	Control and Systems Engineering	anfis,autonomous,fuzzy logic,maze,mobile robot,obstacle avoidance
Integrated navigation models of a mobile fodder-pushing robot based on a standardized cow husbandry environment	2020	Transactions of the ASABE	2020 American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers. All rights reserved.As part of welfare feeding, standardized feeding is commonly used for cows in confined operations. Due to the strict facility requirements, smart mobile robots have been specifically developed to address these semi-enclosed environments. Their navigation is based on electromagnetic sensors with magnetic tapes, which does not easily allow route changes and other abilities afforded by the newer integrated sensors and Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) guidance packages available on large agricultural machinery in outdoor environments. This article proposes a system of integrated navigation using multiple sensors, which was used for a two-wheel-drive robot operating in the standardized environment of a cow husbandry facility. The developed system combined incremental encoders, ultrasonic sensors, and a gyroscope to determine parameters such as course angle and covered distance. A fuzzy self-adaption Kalman filter was applied to integrate these parameters and estimate the robot pose, so that the robot could achieve real-time course adjustment during operation. Experimental trials indicated that the real-world route was highly consistent with the set route. Moreover, the cross-track error was ≤0.10 m at a travel velocity of 0.2 m s-1, indicating that perturbances due to feeding cows and fodder resistance had little interference on the movement of the robot, and the models were robust and accurate. This novel integrated sensing system with a fuzzy self-adaption Kalman filter and derived models was able to guide real-time robot operations in a modern cow husbandry environment without the need for magnetic tapes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Forestry,Food Science,Biomedical Engineering,Agronomy and Crop Science,Soil Science	Integrated navigation,Kalman filter,Motion models,Pose estimate,Welfare feeding
AN OPTIMIZATION ALGORITHM for SUPPLY-DEMAND MATCHING and PRODUCTION SCHEDULING in FLEXIBLE WORKSHOPS BASED on DYNAMIC NETWORK	2020	Academic Journal of Manufacturing Engineering	2020 Editura Politechnica. All rights reserved.The scheduling problem of workshops has an impact on the production efficiency of the enterprises and their long-term economic development. In order to optimize the supply-demand balance and the production scheduling of flexible workshops, this paper applies dynamic network to analyze the problem of production scheduling in workshops, and proposes an optimization algorithm for supply-demand matching and production scheduling, then it verifies the feasibility of the optimization algorithm via an empirical analysis of an actual factory workshop. The research results show that using multi-dynamic network technology to model the workshops enables the production system to adjust itself according to the market changes in a timely manner, and it can improve the adaptability of the system; moreover, the empirical analysis also shows that the proposed dynamic network optimization algorithm can adjust the scheduling of workshops; even in more complicated cases, it can still make proper adjustments and improve the production efficiency. This study lays a theoretical foundation for the scheduling optimization and production deployment of flexible workshops.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dynamic network,Flexible workshops,Production scheduling,Scheduling optimization algorithm
UAVs Fleet Mission Planning Subject to Weather Fore-Cast and Energy Consumption Constraints	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.The problems of mission planning for UAVs fleets are subject of intensive research. Their roots go back to the well-known extensions of VRP addressing the routing and scheduling of UAVs to deliver goods from a depot to customer locations. Rising expectations following the new outdoor applications besides seamless flow routing constraints forces to consider other aspects such as the weather forecast and energy consumption. In that context, this research concerns a declarative framework enabling to state a model aimed at the analysis of the relationships between the structure of a given UAVs driven supply network and its behavior resulting in a sequence of submissions following a required delivery. Because of the Diophantine character of the considered model the main question concerns its solvability. The provided illustrative example shows an approach leading to sufficient conditions guaranteeing solutions existence and as a consequence providing requirements for a solvable class of UAV driven mission planning problems.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Denmark	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Delivery service,UAV fleet mission planning,UAV routing and scheduling
Total Harmonic Distortion and Output Current Optimization Method of Inductive Power Transfer System for Power Loss Reduction	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Inductive power transfer (IPT) system is widely used in material handling. A typical structure of the system takes an H-bridge inverter with an inductor-capacitor-inductor (LCL) resonant filter to realize a constant track current supplying changeless energy to the second side. However, the output voltage total harmonic distortion (THD) of the inverter increases, which causes the increase of output current circulation, when using voltage width control method to eliminate source voltage fluctuating. Therefore, a two-stage converter is proposed to optimize the output current circulation. The two-stage IPT system is composed of a boost converter cascaded with an H-bridge resonant inverter. The boost converter is employed to provide a higher and stable DC bus voltage. The H-bridge resonant inverter operates in a fixed width with a constant switching frequency. With the proposed topology, the THD of the high frequency voltage maintains the minimum value to realize minimum output current circulation in the LCL filter. The soft switching is realized to reduce the losses. Furthermore, expressions of coil and track model are presented by combining the theoretical analysis and finite element analysis (FEA). The experimental results show that over 76.6% efficiency is demonstrated in conditions of an 800 W load at the 14% source voltage fluctuation and the maximum efficiency was 78.6 %. The range of efficiency variation was 2% compared to a full-bridge system with voltage pluse-width control of which was 4.6%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	finite element analysis (FEA),Inductive power transfer (IPT),material handling,soft switching,THD optimization
Increasing flexibility and productivity in Industry 4.0 production networks with autonomous mobile robots and smart intralogistics	2020	Annals of Operations Research	2020, The Author(s).Manufacturing flexibility improves a firm’s ability to react in timely manner to customer demands and to increase production system productivity without incurring excessive costs and expending an excessive amount of resources. The emerging technologies in the Industry 4.0 era, such as cloud operations or industrial Artificial Intelligence, allow for new flexible production systems. We develop and test an analytical model for a throughput analysis and use it to reveal the conditions under which the autonomous mobile robots (AMR)-based flexible production networks are more advantageous as compared to the traditional production lines. Using a circular loop among workstations and inter-operational buffers, our model allows congestion to be avoided by utilizing multiple crosses and analyzing both the flow and the load/unload phases. The sensitivity analysis shows that the cost of the AMRs and the number of shifts are the key factors in improving flexibility and productivity. The outcomes of this research promote a deeper understanding of the role of AMRs in Industry 4.0-based production networks and can be utilized by production planners to determine optimal configurations and the associated performance impact of the AMR-based production networks in as compared to the traditionally balanced lines. This study supports the decision-makers in how the AMR in production systems in process industry can improve manufacturing performance in terms of productivity, flexibility, and costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	25	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Artificial Intelligence,Autonomous mobile robots,Cloud manufacturing,Flexibility,Industry 4.0,Performance,Production line,Production network
Damage analysis of nano-flexible solid wood composite environmental protection floor on basketball players during training	2020	International Journal of Nanotechnology	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.In this research, we investigate and understand the training injuries of basketball players, analyse the factors that cause training injuries, and use polyethylene wood plastic composite single-lap glued joints as the research object. Through different surface treatment methods, bonding processes, and a glueing study on agent performance, bonding strength, stress distribution, and durable failure behaviour of bonding, design single-lap bonding joints, and finally realise seamless connection and bonding joint design of polyethylene wood plastic composites by bonding technology. The rationality of the injury prevention training system was established and applied in basketball, which verified the effectiveness and scientific accuracy of the injury prevention training system. The purpose of this paper is to construct and verify a basketball player training injury system. Based on the existing training system, on the floor made of polyethylene wood plastic composite materials, through practice to effectively design a training program to prevent sports injuries and reduce the incidence of injuries. Lowered to a controllable range, it proves that nano-flexible solid wood composite environmentally friendly flooring can be applied to basketball, which can extend the athlete's sports career to the greatest extent and is committed to improving the athlete's ultimate sports performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Bioengineering,Condensed Matter Physics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Materials Chemistry	Basketball player,Environmental protection floor,Nano-flexible solid wood,NAnocomposite,Training injury
Vehicle recognition model for complex scenarios based on human memory mechanism	2020	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2020 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.The prevailing vehicle recognition technology is adversely affected by the environment such as complex traffic scenarios and weather conditions. This paper proposes a robust vehicle recognition model based on human memory mechanism named Memory-based Vehicle Recognition Model (MVRM). Motivated by the success of memory and attention mechanism, we explore some features of human visual attention model. Fusing short term and long-term memory modules together yield deeper architectures recognizing increasing complex environmental scenarios. Firstly, a rare motion feature has been introduced to measure the visual salience, which improves the accuracy of the visual attention mechanism. Second, a model of vehicle salient region recognition has been established. The results of experiments show that the dynamic vehicle recognition rate of MVRM is 77.10%, while its false recognition rate has only a nominal value of ∼4.5%. Furthermore, the model offers good recognition of vehicle targets under complex environment conditions related to weather and road traffic.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	cognitive,complex environment,human memory,Vehicle recognition
A mobile robot gripper for cooperative 3D printing	2020	Solid Freeform Fabrication 2017: Proceedings of the 28th Annual International Solid Freeform Fabrication Symposium - An Additive Manufacturing Conference, SFF 2017	Copyright  SFF 2017.All rights reserved.Cooperative 3D printing is an emerging technology that aims to overcome several limitations of contemporary 3D printing (e.g., print size, cost, complexity) by allowing multiple mobile 3D printers (or printhead-carrying mobile robots) to work simultaneously on a single print job. In particular, one challenge of 3D printing is the inability to incorporate pre-manufactured components in a structure without human intervention. In this paper, we present a mobile robot gripper that can work with other mobile 3D printers to pick and place pre-manufactured components into a 3D printed structure during the printing process. First, we designed a simple gripper using a rack and pinion actuator that can be driven by a single stepper motor like a regular extrusion printhead. Next, a mobile robot gripper is developed with the designed gripper mechanism. Finally, we tested the mobile robot gripper for picking and placing objects using G-code commands. Results show the mobile robot gripper can successfully pick and place pre-manufactured components into a 3D printed structure. This development will potentially enable autonomous hybrid manufacturing that combines 3D printing and traditional manufacturing to improve the quality and capability for manufacturing complex products.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Surfaces, Coatings and Films,Surfaces and Interfaces	Additive manufacturing,Cooperative 3D printing,Hybrid production,Robot gripper
Cloud-Based Cyber-Physical Robotic Mobile Fulfillment Systems: A Case Study of Collision Avoidance	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The rapid development and implementation of the Internet of Things (IoT) and Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) in the engineering and manufacturing field have embraced a virtual identity to ensure nearly real-time adjustment. Warehouses are challenged to reassess its order fulfillment operations while simultaneously being provided with the opportunity to develop its own cloud-based CPS with the aid of IoT devices. Robotic Mobile Fulfillment System (RMFS) is a system controlling mobile robots, mobile storage rack, putaway and picking workstations, charging stations, and wireless communication infrastructure in the context of robotic-assisted warehouse. This paper addresses the value creation utilizing cloud-based CPS in RMFS. By providing an analysis of cloud services and IoT enhancement, theoretical concepts from the literatures are consolidated to solve the research que-stions on how RMFS offering better order fulfillment can gain benefits in terms of operational efficiency and system reliability. The paper also proposes a cloud-based CPS architecture, providing a comprehensive understanding on conflict avoidance strategy in the multi-layers multi-deeps warehouse layout. This research presents six conflict classifications in RMFS and provides a case study in the real-life context. Dock grid conflict is a new type of conflict appearing in multi-deeps RMFS. A scenario analysis with real customer orders is applied to present the collision detection and solution.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	collision avoidance,Cyber-physical systems,Internet of Things,Robotic mobile fulfillment system
Inventory Replenishment Strategy Proposals Using a Software Tool Tecnomatix Plant Simulation	2020	EAI/Springer Innovations in Communication and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.The impact of Industry 4.0 on the supply chain is primarily in the context of information flows. Their added value is primarily transparency, real-time data access and flexibility, which greatly increases the potential for optimizing the value chain of the enterprise. A new input procurement concept is being developed in combination with capacity management to ensure flexible order dimensioning. Integrated procurement logistics aims to produce product need forecasts in a timely, long-term and medium-term planning horizon. Methods and techniques of predicting future consumption are constantly evolving and try to predict the course of future consumption as accurately as possible. The use of simulation tools in the process of creating the company’s supply strategy is an important step in the context of digitization and is of great importance in testing variants without interfering with real processes. The paper focuses on the use of the Tecnomatix Plant Simulation as a simulation tool to develop a supply strategy for demand-driven consumption. The simulation tool allows modelling and simulation of system behaviour under predefined conditions and testing of possible variant solutions.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Slovakia	0	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Health Informatics	Modelling,Replenishment,Simulation,Strategy,Tx plant simulation
A Detailed Reliability Study of the Motor System in Pure Electric Vans by the Approach of Fault Tree Analysis	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Attributing to the unique feature of zero carbon emission, electric vehicles (EVs) are attracting increasing interest in recent years, but their reliability, particularly the reliability of their critical components, is still a matter of concern today. In order to address this issue, much effort has been made before to assess the reliability of drive motor in the EVs. However, drive motor and motor controller are logically integrated and requested to work as one system in the EVs. In contrast to the individual reliability analysis of them, the combined assessment of the two parts can provide a more reliable prediction to the reliability of the entire motor system. Moreover, both drive motor and motor controller are composed of multiple components. The structure, type, and characteristics of these components may affect the reliability of the motor system as well. But these issues have not been considered in the previous research. In order to fill this gap of knowledge, the reliability of the entire motor system of pure electric vans that includes both drive motor and motor controller is investigated in this paper. In the research, the theoretical failure rates of subassemblies and components in drive motor and motor controller are predicted first. Then based on the failure rate prediction results, the reliability of the entire motor system (comprising both drive motor and motor controller) is assessed. Based on the assessment results, some interesting conclusions with respect to the most vulnerable subassemblies and components in the entire motor system and the potential disadvantage of existing reliability research are finally obtained. It is deemed that these new findings will be of great significance to the future reliability design and maintenance of pure electric vans.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	electric vehicles,fault tree analysis,motor controller,motor system,Reliability
Open interfaces for connecting automated guided vehicles to a fleet management system	2020	Procedia Manufacturing	2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/) Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the International Conference on Industry 4.0 and Smart Manufacturing.The recent digitalization of manufacturing companies, driven by "Industry 4.0" guidelines, introduces a series of challenges and opportunities both for enterprise and research environments. In this perspective, a debated subject is the interfacing of hardware, because logistic challenges and production assets are moving towards the adoption of Internet-of-Things-based Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), whose flexibility allows to rethink control architectures that are traditionally based on ISA 95 and IEC 62264 formalized hierarchies. More versatile architectures also pave the way to the so-called horizontal integration. This work focuses on intra-logistics, aiming at defining a simple architecture enabling CPS assets' monitoring and control. This allows the development of an open platform that enables an easy and simultaneous connection of multi-vendor hardware, overcoming the current legacy systems' gap of requiring a significant effort to do so. The architecture is then substantiated by the development of a component interfacing Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) and managing their navigation thanks to a Fleet Management System (FMS), which is back fed by the same AGVs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Here,Separated by semicolons
An Automatic Machine Vision-Guided System for the Propagation of Potato Test-Tube Plantlets	2020	Journal of Robotics	2020 Xu Shengyong et al.In manually propagating potato test-Tube plantlets (PTTPs), the plantlet is usually grasped and cut at the node point between the cotyledon and stem, which is hardly located and is easily damaged by the gripper. Using an agricultural intelligent robot to replace manual operation will greatly improve the efficiency and quality of the propagation of PTTPs. An automatic machine vision-guided system for the propagation of PTTPs was developed and tested. In this paper, the workflow of the visual system was designed and the image acquisition device was made. Furthermore, the image processing algorithm was then integrated with the image acquisition device in order to construct an automatic PTTP propagation vision system. An image processing system for locating a node point was employed to determine a suitable operation point on the stem. A binocular stereo vision algorithm was applied to compute the 3D coordinates of node points. Finally, the kinematics equation of the three-Axis parallel manipulator was established, and the three-dimensional coordinates of the nodes were transformed into the corresponding parameters X, Y, and Z of the three driving sliders of the manipulator. The experimental results indicated that the automatic vision system had a success rate of 98.4%, 0.68 s time consumed per 3 plants, and approximate 1 mm location error in locating the plantlets in an appropriate position for the medial expansion period (22 days).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	None
Formal Distributed Protocol Development for Reservation of Railway Sections	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.The decentralisation of railway signalling systems has the potential to increase railway network capacity, availability and reduce maintenance costs. Given the safety-critical nature of railway signalling and the complexity of novel distributed signalling solutions, their safety should be guaranteed by using thorough system validation methods. In this paper, we present a rigorous formal development and verification of a distributed protocol for reservation of railway sections, which we believe could deliver benefits of a decentralised signalling while ensuring safety and liveness properties. For the formal distributed protocol development and verification, we devised a multifaceted framework, which aims to reduce modelling and verification effort, while still providing complementary techniques to study protocol from all relevant perspectives.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Distributed resource allocation,Event-B,Formal verification,Performance analysis,PRISM model checker,Railway signalling
An Integrated Approach to Assertion-Based Random Testing in Prolog	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.We present an approach for assertion-based random testing of Prolog programs that is tightly integrated within an overall assertion-based program development scheme. Our starting point is the Ciao model, a framework that unifies unit testing and run-time verification, as well as static verification and static debugging, using a common assertion language. Properties which cannot be verified statically are checked dynamically. In this context, the idea of generating random test values from assertion preconditions emerges naturally since these preconditions are conjunctions of literals, and the corresponding predicates can in principle be used as generators. Our tool generates valid inputs from the properties that appear in the assertions shared with other parts of the model, and the run time-check instrumentation of the Ciao framework is used to perform a wide variety of checks. This integration also facilitates the combination with static analysis. The generation process is based on running standard predicates under non-standard (random) search rules. Generation can be fully automatic but can also be guided or defined specifically by the user. We propose methods for supporting (C)LP-specific properties, including combinations of shape-based (regular) types and variable sharing and instantiation, and we also provide some ideas for shrinking for these properties. We also provide a case study applying the tool to the verification and checking of the code of some of the abstract domains used by the Ciao system.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Combining metaheuristic search and simulation to deal with capacitated aisles in facility layout	2020	Neurocomputing	2020 Elsevier B.V.The layout of machines in a manufacturing system has a significant impact on production time and cost. The aim of a good layout is generally determining the machines’ position on the shop floor to minimize transportation time and cost. However, not only machines’ positions but also aisle affect transportation cost and time. The aisles are paths that transporters go through them to move the materials between machines. The capacity of the aisles is limited to a specific number of transporters and this may cause transporters to wait before being allowed to pass an aisle. Therefore, when optimizing the layout of machines, the aisles structure and their capacity must be considered. This article presents a hybrid approach for layout design in manufacturing systems taking into account capacitated aisles structure. The proposed approach combines a metaheuristic algorithm and simulation. First, the aisle structure is defined and then, the layout of the machines is determined. Each layout is evaluated through a simulation model. In this way, it is possible to avoid unrealistic assumptions and consider realistic conditions such as stochastic demand, random process time and random transportation time. Finally, a numerical example is included to illustrate the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience,Artificial Intelligence	Capacitated aisles,Facility Layout Problem,Manufacturing systems,Simulation
A stochastic approach to calculate assembly cycle times based on spatial shop-floor data stream	2020	Procedia CIRP	2020 The Authors.Indoor positioning systems (IPS) allow assets on the shop-floor to be tracked with a relatively high accuracy. In order to obtain the useful, underlying production information, smart and fast processing algorithms are needed, as IPSs produce an immense amount of data in a very short period. In the paper, a novel approach is presented that offers the near real-time calculation of assembly times, based on the dynamically streamed spatial data stream of assets. The approach relies on probabilistic analytic models, respecting the needs of manufacturing and operations management. The efficiency of the results is presented through an industry-related application case.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Here,Separated by semicolons
Two-layer model of equipment fault propagation in manufacturing system	2020	Quality and Reliability Engineering International	2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.Equipment fault is a major factor that affects the reliability of manufacturing systems. Fault source identification and propagation path search are primary means to reduce and eliminate equipment faults. To this end, this paper proposed a two-layer model of equipment fault propagation in a manufacturing system. One layer, modeled by a small-world network, is a network of parts for a single equipment device. The other, represented by the production relationships of the manufacturing process, is a network of equipment devices for a manufacturing system. Hence, the propagation path of an equipment fault is divided into physical propagation inside a single equipment device and flow propagation within the manufacturing process. The intensity of physical propagation is given by the product of the fault load and the propagation probability between fault nodes within a single equipment device, whereas the flow propagation intensity is equivalent to the yield loss of the manufacturing system due to equipment fault. Therefore, the total intensity of fault propagation in a manufacturing system is given by the product of these two intensities. Subsequently, the ant colony algorithm is used to find the propagation paths with the maximum intensity. Finally, the proposed method is verified using an example of a camshaft manufacturing system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Management Science and Operations Research	ant colony algorithm,fault propagation,manufacturing system,small-world networks,two-layer model
Design, implementation, and improvement of the course for master's degree program in industry 4.0: A case study in digital factory subject	2020	International Symposium on Project Approaches in Engineering Education	2020 University of Minho. All rights reserved.The objective of this study is to propose the procedures of design, implementation, and improvement for the specific course developed of project named Curriculum Development of Master's Degree Program in Industrial Engineering for Thailand Sustainable Smart Industry (MSIE 4.0), which is funded by the Erasmus and program of the European Union. The digital factory subject, which is one of 16 courses in MSIE 4.0 provides effective elements: program learning outcomes (PLOs), course learning outcomes (CLOs), assessment methods, course syllabus, and teaching guidelines. Moreover, the steps proposed in this study demonstrate the acquisition of knowledges, skills, and competencies based on the perspectives of stakeholders via its course description. There are five important CLOs: understanding the different between traditional factory and digital manufactory, applying digital manufacturing technologies e.g. cyber physical system, additive manufacturing, virtual reality augmented reality, additive manufacturing, sensor device technologies, and robotics/automated guided vehicle in a manufacturing complex requirement, analyzing works in both information-managed and file-based environments for the development of robotic and automated production systems. and implementing digital inventory to manage incoming and outgoing goods. Furthermore, the well-designed scoring rubrics of each CLO are established to measure students' learning experiences and are used to find the area of improvement at the end of every modules. For the implementation, 12 students register for the subject in the second term of 2019 between June to October at King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok (KMUTNB). The students are observed by many assessment methods after they finished the modules. The students' learning experiences are summarized and improved based on the levels of CLOs. The scrupulous steps of this study can be used to guide instructors for designing other course and related issues. Moreover, the students, who accomplish this course can work in a rapid fusion of technologies for the articulation of stakeholder needs.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Thailand	0	Engineering (all),Education	Assessment of Learning,Course Learning Outcome (CLO),Digital Factory,Rubric
Integrating facility layout design and aisle structure in manufacturing systems: Formulation and exact solution	2020	European Journal of Operational Research	2020 Elsevier B.V.In manufacturing systems, aisles are paths which are used for the movement of workers, transportation devices, and materials. The aisle structure contributes to layout efficiency by reducing material handling costs, mean flow time and the amount of space needed, and providing smooth transportation. Therefore, to achieve a good layout, it is essential to determine the position of facilities such as machines and workstations, but also the corresponding aisle structure. In this article, we analyze the requirements for the design of an efficient aisle structure and propose a formulation of the corresponding layout problem as a mixed-integer linear programming model. This formulation allows the layout of unequal-area facilities and the aisle structure to be simultaneously optimized. In optimizing the aisle structure, issues such as optimizing the number, position, and width of the aisles, the position of the entrance and exit doors, and how to connect them to the aisles are studied. By optimizing the number and width of the aisles, the proposed approach contributes towards optimizing transportation traffic. A branch-and-cut algorithm, improved by adding optimality cuts and efficient branching and node strategies, is used to solve the problem. Finally, a set of computational experiments is performed to show the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Aisle structure,Facilities planning and design,Manufacturing systems,Mixed-integer linear programming
Integrated simulation and optimisation of scheduling yard crane and yard truck in loading operation	2020	International Journal of Shipping and Transport Logistics	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.To further decrease turnaround time of container vessels, synchronous scheduling of yard crane (YC) and yard truck (YT) with the impact of quay crane (QC) is mainly considered. On this basis, the interference between YCs, YT pool strategy and other practical constraints, are also taken into consideration. Firstly, this problem formulated as a mixed integer programming model to minimise the makespan of loading operation. Due to the computational intractability, the multi-layers genetic algorithm is introduced to solve the problem with a simulation model, then an improved algorithm and an algorithm accelerating strategy are also designed to further improve the optimising efficiency. Finally, two sets of experiments with over 300 tests are conducted by eight elastic compute services on Alibaba Cloud to validate necessity of considering the impact of QC and the solution quality and effectiveness of the proposed methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Business and International Management,Management of Technology and Innovation,Management Science and Operations Research,Transportation	AAS,Algorithm accelerating strategy,Container terminal,Integrated scheduling,Multi-layers genetic algorithm,Simulation optimisation
A discrete differential evolution algorithm for flow shop group scheduling problem with sequence-dependent setup and transportation times	2020	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.This study investigates a flow shop group scheduling problem where both sequence-dependent setup time between groups and round-trip transportation time between machines are considered. The objective is to minimize makespan. To solve the problem, we first develop a mixed integer linear programming model and then propose an efficient co-evolutionary discrete differential evolution algorithm (CDDEA). In the CDDEA, several problem-specific heuristic rules are generated to construct initial population. A novel discrete differential evolution mechanism and a cooperative-oriented optimization strategy are proposed to synergistically evolve both the sequence of jobs in each group and the sequence of groups. In addition, two lower bounds are developed to evaluate the solution quality of CDDEA. Extensive computational experiments are carried out. The results show that the proposed CDDEA is effective in solving the studied problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Cooperative-oriented optimization,Discrete differential evolution,Flow shop group scheduling,Round-trip transportation time,Sequence-dependent setup time
Industry 4.0 challenges to IE paradigms: A pilot study in materials handling	2020	Periodicals of Engineering and Natural Sciences	2019 International University of Sarajevo.Industrial engineering practices are expected to be affected by, and most likely adapt to, the new paradigms of Industry 4.0. Early indications in practice, as well as extrapolations from the current technology trends, point toward a few fundamental features. Among these are further integration, leaner and hence more agile practices, and the use of real-time data. The final objective is to reduce complexity while striving for real-time supply- and production-chain optimization. We argue that the optimization of highly integrated production systems cannot be sought by simply aggregating the known operations management tools of industrial engineering. Specifically, we present evidence, gleaned from a recent industrial project, that indicates how as the systems become more integrated, the concept of operations optimization needs to be revisited. Our work has two distinct contributions to the literature. We develop and present a state-of-the-art optimization model for a joint materials handling, inventory, and scheduling model. The model incorporates aspects of the knapsack, bin packing, vehicle routing, and inventory control formulations. Further, we show that simply collecting existing industrial engineering models into larger aggregations, albeit in line with the current best practices of our profession, will not necessarily suffice to completely fulfill the ambitions of Industry 4.0.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Computer Science (all),Bioengineering,Architecture,Biomedical Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Aggregate model,Future trends,Industry 4.0,Kanban system,Materials handling
Drug Retrieving System in Hospitals Using Robotics	2020	Biomedical and Pharmacology Journal	Published by Oriental Scientific Publishing Company  2020Dispensaries and pharmaceuticals in Hospital today faces problem in retrieving of drugs. To overcome this problem, we introduced automatic retrieving of drugs using robot arm. In this project paper the robot will autonomously retrieve the medicines as per the command given. The robotic arm is carried in an Automatic Guided Vehicle for pick and place operations. Microcontroller and sensors are used to control the wheel movement. The robot arm is controlled by servos. By this method human error can be minimised and there will be no confusion in retrieving drugs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Pharmacology	Arduino Uno,Drug delivery,Microcontroller,Pharmaceutical,Robotic
Analysis of Front and Rear Asymmetric Wheelset Applying Switch Control of Individual Motor and Active Coupler to Improve Running Performance of Independently Rotating Wheel Type Railway Vehicle	2020	International Journal of Control, Automation and Systems	2020, ICROS, KIEE and Springer.The low floor tram, which has been recently introduced, uses an independently rotating wheelset to achieve 100% low-floor structure and improve the running performance of curves. The independently rotating wheelset is designed to allow smooth curve driving by allowing the left and right wheels to rotate freely, allowing the outer wheels to rotate faster during sharp curves. As the rotational constraints on the left and right wheels disappeared, the lateral restoring force, which is inherent to railroad wheels, also decreased. Lack of resistance to disturbance may cause continuous flange contact or, in severe cases, zigzag driving while repeatedly impacting the left and right flanges. To overcome these shortcomings, research on guide mechanisms and steering mechanisms has been carried out, but there are few cases in which actual vehicles have been applied due to many operational problems with the attachment of additional devices or complicated systems. Considering the superior running characteristics of rigid wheels when driving straight and the characteristics of independently rotating wheels when running on curves, front and rear asymmetric bogies using a combination of two types of wheelsets have also been proposed. The front and rear asymmetric bogie must be able to improve the driving performance only when the front shaft is a rigid wheel, and on the contrary, the stability is worse. In this paper, the performance of the front and rear asymmetric bogies is verified through analysis and small-scale roller rig test. In order to improve the shortcomings of the fixed asymmetric bogies, the switch control method of the individual motor control is applied to the motor bogie and the switch control method using active coupler for the trailer bogie were proposed. The performance improvement effect of switch control was verified through analysis and test. The switch control is a practical control method that can be applied directly to a real vehicle by applying a very simple and effective control method and plans to verify the performance improvement effect through actual vehicle test in the future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Active coupler,asymmetric bogie,co-simulation,individual motor control,IRWs (independently rotating wheels),Matlab,railway vehicle,switch control,Vi-Rail
SVM-based sensor fusion for improved terrain classification	2020	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2020 SPIE.Terrain sensing is an important aspect of navigation for autonomous ground vehicles (AGVs) in off-road conditions. Modern AGVs have several sensors that can be used to detect terrain. In this paper, we have implemented terrain classification using a fusion of visual data from a camera and vibrational data from an inertial measurement unit (IMU). The popular supervised learning technique, support vector machine (SVM), has been used due to its high accuracy and relatively small execution time. An image is first captured and the robot then traverses over the region defined by the image to record vibration data. Linear acceleration vectors, perpendicular to the terrain, are extracted from the IMU and statistical features are calculated to make up the vibration data. The images are manually labelled and aligned with the vibration data to create a fused feature vector and train the SVM. Our method has been tested on previously unseen field data and an average accuracy of 90% has been achieved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Support Vector Machines,Terrain classification
Automatic brain structure-guided registration of pre and intra-operative 3D ultrasound for neurosurgery	2020	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	2020 SPIE.Image guidance aids neurosurgeons in making critical clinical decisions of safe maximal resection of diseased tissue. The brain however undergoes significant non-linear structural deformation on account of dura opening and tumor resection. Deformable registration of pre-operative ultrasound to intra-operative ultrasound may be used in mapping of pre-operative planning MRI to intraoperative ultrasound. Such mapping may aid in determining tumor resection margins during surgery. In this work, brain structures visible in pre- and intra-operative 3D ultrasound were used for automatic deformable registration. A Gaussian mixture model was used to automatically segment structures of interest in pre- and intra-operative ultrasound and patch-based normalized cross-correlation was used to establish correspondences between segmented structures. An affine registration based on correspondences was followed by B-spline based deformable registration to register pre- and intra-operative ultrasound. Manually labelled landmarks in pre- and intra-operative ultrasound were used to quantify the mean target registration error. We achieve a mean target registration error of 1.43±0.8 mm when validated with 17 pre- and intra-operative ultrasound image volumes of a public dataset.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Gaussian mixture model,Image guided neurosurgery,Registration,Ultrasound
Research on multidimensional evaluation of tracking control strategies for self-driving vehicles	2020	Advances in Mechanical Engineering	The Author(s) 2020.Performance evaluation is a necessary stage in development of tracking control strategy of autonomous vehicle system, which determines the scope of application and promotes further improvement. At present, most of the tracking control strategies include performance evaluation. However, performance evaluation criteria differ from work to work, lacking comprehensive evaluation system. This article proposes a multidimensional integrated tracking control evaluation system based on subjective and objective weighting, taking into account the tracking accuracy, driving stability, and ride comfort. Through the co-simulation of CarSim and Simulink, qualitative analysis and quantitative analysis based on multidimensional evaluation system of five coupled longitudinal and lateral control strategies (lateral: pure pursuit feedforward control, dynamic-model-based optimal curvature control (dynamic feedforward control), Stanley feedback control, kinematics feedback control, and dynamic feedback control; longitudinal: the incremental proportion–integration–differentiation control) under typical operating conditions are carried out to analyze the operating range and robustness of each tracking control strategy. The results show that the Stanley tracking control strategy and the dynamic feedback tracking control strategy have a wide range of applications and robustness. The consistency of qualitative analysis results and the quantitative analysis results verify the validity and feasibility of the evaluation system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Mechanical Engineering	Autonomous driving,driving stability,multidimensional evaluation,robustness,tracking control strategy,trajectory accuracy
Researchers' perspectives on Industry 4.0: multi-disciplinary analysis and opportunities for operations management	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.While Industry 4.0 has been trending in practice and research, operations management studies in this area remain nascent. Our intent is to understand the current state of research in Industry 4.0 in different disciplines and deduce insights and opportunities for future research in operations management. In this paper, we provide a focused analysis to examine the state-of-the-art research in Industry 4.0. To learn about researchers’ perspectives about Industry 4.0, we conducted a large-scale, cross-disciplinary and global survey on Industry 4.0 topics among researchers in industrial engineering, operations management, operations research, control and data science at the 9th IFAC MIM 2019 Conference in Berlin in August 2019. By using our survey findings and literature analysis, we build structural and conceptual frameworks to understand the current state of knowledge and to propose future research opportunities for operations management scholars. Glossary of Abbreviations AGV: Automated guided vehicle; AI: Artificial intelligence; APS: Advanced planning system: a wide variety of software tools and techniques, with many applications in manufacturing and logistics (including the service sector); BDA: Big data analytics; CAS: Complex adaptive system: a system composed of many interacting parts that evolve and adapt over time; CIM: Computer integrated manufacturing; CPFR: Collaborative planning, forecasting and replenishment; CPS: Cyber-physical system: a seamless integration of computation and physical components; DAMCLS: Decision analysis, modelling, control and learning systems; ERP: Enterprise resource planning; FMS: Flexible manufacturing system; I4.0: Industry 4.0; IFAC: International Federation of Automatic Control: a federation is concerned with the impact of control technology on society; IME: Industrial and mechanical engineering; IoT: Internet-of-Things; IT: Information technology; M2M: Machine-to-machine; MAS: Multi-agent system: a loosely coupled network of software agents that interact to solve problems that are beyond the individual capacities or knowledge of each problem solver; OR: Operations research; RFID: Radio frequency identification: a technology that uses electromagnetic fields to automatically identify and track tags attached to objects; RMS: Reconfigurable manufacturing system: a manufacturing system that can change and evolve rapidly in order to adjust its productivity capacity and functionality; OM: Operations management; T&T: Track and trace system; VCA: VOS viewer co-occurrence analysis: a software tool for visualising bibliometric networks; VMI: Vendor-managed inventory.	Journal	j	re	Review	Germany	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	control,data science,industrial engineering,Industry 4.0,operations management,operations research
A Job Sequencing Problem of an Overhead Shuttle Crane in a Rail-Based Automated Container Terminal	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This study proposes a job scheduling model and its heuristics for an automated container terminal with an overhead shuttle crane (OS) to reduce the total tardiness time of flatcars and external trucks by considering the separation of each job into a main job, and a premarshaling or remarshaling job. The OS is busy or idle according to the fluctuations in the processing times of different pieces of equipment. We identify the OS job sequencing problem considering job separation (OSJSPS) as a mixed-integer programming (MIP) model, which simultaneously sequences a set of jobs and searches for their possible separation into premarshaling and remarshaling jobs. We present a two-stage genetic algorithm (TGA) based on two local improvement procedures: an iterative local search procedure and an opportunistic job separation procedure. We conclude that the two-stage genetic algorithm reduces the total tardiness time of the container terminal's flatcars and external trucks as the number of OS jobs increases.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated container terminal,job separation,job sequencing,overhead shuttle crane
Hybrid self-adaptive biobjective optimization of multiple robot scheduling problem for mixed-model assembly lines considering energy savings	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	IMechE 2020.With the wide application of robots in the material distribution process on the assembly lines, single robot scheduling cannot meet the actual production needs. However, the high degree of mechanization also brings about environmental problems. Therefore, this article aims to develop a scheduling methodology to accomplish material supply tasks using multiple robots with energy consumption consideration. Meanwhile, a targeted mathematical model to minimize total weighted penalty costs and total energy consumption is developed. Due to the NP-hard nature of the problem, an adaptive hybrid mutation population extremal optimization multi-objective algorithm based on uniform distribution selection is proposed to solve multi-objective problems. Furthermore, a new coding method for initialization is designed to optimize the whole iterative process. The performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated by comparing with three benchmark multi-objective algorithms. Computational experiments are represented to prove the validity and feasibility of the proposed algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Assembly lines,energy efficiency,material handling,mobile robots,multi-objective optimization
Velocity estimation of flexible dynamics systems using virtual sensing	2020	ISA Transactions	2020 ISAIn this paper, multiple virtual sensors derived from the equations of motion of a flexible dynamics system, are utilized to form a novel virtual sensing system able to estimate the angular and translation velocities. Measuring only the elastic displacement of the flexible body by a strain gauge, angular velocities are estimated by the first virtual sensor composed of a kinetics equation related to the flexibility, and the nonlinear Kalman and particle filters. Moreover, for translational velocities to be also estimated, specific forces are measured by accelerometers. The second virtual sensor including the equation of translational motion, is added to the virtual sensing system, leading not only the velocities to be estimated with high performance but the accumulated errors of the sensors to be corrected.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Multiple virtual sensors,Soft sensing,Velocity estimation,Virtual sensing
Comparison and optimization of automated yard crane systems at container terminals	2020	Operations Research/ Computer Science Interfaces Series	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In this chapter, four different automated Rail-Mounted Gantry (RMG) yard crane systems – Single RMG, Twin RMG, Double RMG (DRMG) and Triple RMG (TRMG) – are compared with respect to their characteristics and performance. Furthermore, different approaches for their scheduling are presented: On the one hand, a branch-and-bound procedure for single yard block optimization which incorporates important aspects like crane interference, and on the other hand, an integrated scheduling approach which optimizes the equipment at terminal yard and waterside simultaneously, taking the interrelations with horizontal transport and quay cranes into account. Moreover, a combination of the two approaches is studied. Using a specifically designed simulation model, both the crane systems and the different scheduling approaches are extensively examined with respect to their performance and practical use, e.g. in case of disturbances. Standard priority rules (e.g. First-IN-First-OUT) serve as a benchmark here. It turns out that both approaches are advantageous compared to simple priority rules, and that the crane systems with overtaking possibility are well-adaptable, optimizable, flexible and productive. Moreover, it can be concluded that optimization aspects should already be taken into account in the terminal planning phase, in order to reach optimal productivity levels later on.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Germany	0	Computer Science (all),Management Science and Operations Research	None
A real-time multi-constraints obstacle avoidance method using LiDAR	2020	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	2020-IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.Obstacle avoidance is one of the essential and indispensable functions for autonomous mobile robots. Most of the existing solutions are typically based on single condition constraint and cannot incorporate sensor data in a real-time manner, which often fail to respond to unexpected moving obstacles in dynamic unknown environments. In this paper, a novel real-time multi-constraints obstacle avoidance method using Light Detection and Ranging(LiDAR) is proposed, which is able to, based on the latest estimation of the robot pose and environment, find the sub-goal defined by a multi-constraints function within the explored region and plan a corresponding optimal trajectory at each time step iteratively, so that the robot approaches the goal over time. Meanwhile, at each time step, the improved Ant Colony Optimization(ACO) algorithm is also used to re-plan optimal paths from the latest robot pose to the latest defined sub-goal position. While ensuring convergence, planning in this method is done by repeated local optimizations, so that the latest sensor data from LiDAR and derived environment information can be fully utilized at each step until the robot reaches the desired position. This method facilitates real-time performance, also has little requirement on memory space or computational power due to its nature, thus our method has huge potentials to benefit small low-cost autonomous platforms. The method is evaluated against several existing technologies in both simulation and real-world experiments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Statistics and Probability,Engineering (all),Artificial Intelligence	LiDAR,mobile robot,multi-constraints,online path planning,Real-time obstacle avoidance
On the training of a neural network for online path planning with offline path planning algorithms	2020	International Journal of Information Management	2020 Elsevier LtdOne of the challenges in path planning for an automated vehicle is uncertainty in the operational environment of the vehicle, demanding a quick but sophisticated control of the vehicle online. To address this online path planning issue, neural networks, which can derive a heading for an operating vehicle in a given situation, have been actively studied, demonstrating their satisfactory performance. However, the study on the training path data, which specifies the desired output of a neural network and in turn influences the behavior of the neural network, has been neglected in the literature. Motivated by this fact, in this paper, we first generate different training path data sets applying two different offline path planning algorithms and evaluate the performance of a neural network as an online path planner depending on the training data under a simulation environment. We further investigate the properties of the training data that make a neural network more reliable for online path planning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	1	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Library and Information Sciences	Automated vehicle control,Data-driven control,Neural network,Offline path planning,Online path planning,Path planning
State-of-the-art analysis of the usage and potential of automation in logistics	2020	Industry 4.0 for SMEs: Challenges, Opportunities and Requirements	The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s) 2020.Industry 4.0 technologies enable the automation of information and material flow processes in logistics systems. Automation strategies can be used to increase the efficiency of internal transport, transition, and storage processes, and, moreover, improve service levels and thus strengthen competitiveness. Besides the material flow processes, automation based on state-of-the-art technologies, e.g., cyber-physical system (CPS), Internet of Things (IoT), and physical internet (PI), serves to optimize information flow in logistics processes. This chapter analyzes the importance and potential of effective and efficient logistics operations and outlines enabling technologies for automation in logistics systems. Based on a literature review, the authors discuss both technologies that have already reached market maturity and technologies which have high potential but still require future research and development.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Austria	1	Engineering (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Automation,Industry 4.0,Logistics,Small-and medium-sized enterprises,SME
The evolution of man–machine interaction: the role of human in Industry 4.0 paradigm	2020	Production and Manufacturing Research	2020,  2020 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Industry 4.0 is a new paradigm in the manufacturing world and it has deeply changed the Human–machine interaction. This paper focus is on the nature of this interaction, which is made possible thanks to the Internet of Things (IoT), and Cyber-Physical System (CPS). These Industry 4.0 key technologies are studied related to the standard Deming cycle, in order to underline the importance of Human–machine interaction. The Fourth Industrial Revolution involves several changes in the workforce’s key features. In this paper, a new perspective based on the centrality of humans is given in the new Industry era. The importance of the human factor will be deeply studied through the implementation of the ‘Sand Cone Model’. A new framework is proposed in order to explain the quality measures addiction on the workforce quality skills, and how it engraves on improving efficiency and effectiveness of an industrial process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	6	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	cyber﻿-physical system,human–machine interaction,Industry 4.0,Internet of Things,smart manufacturing
Modeling, Analysis, and Implementation of Series-Series Compensated Inductive Coupled Power Transfer (ICPT) System for an Electric Vehicle	2020	Journal of Electrical and Computer Engineering	2020 Moustapha Elwalaty et al.This paper focuses on the modeling and implementation of an Electric Vehicle (EV) wireless charging system based on inductively coupled power transfer (ICPT) technique where electrical energy can be wirelessly transferred from source to vehicle battery. In fact, the wireless power transfer (WPT) system can solve the fundamental problems of the electric vehicle, which are the short battery life of the EV due to limited battery storage and the user safety by handling high voltage cables. In addition, this paper gives an equivalent electrical circuit of the DC-DC converter for WPT and comprises some basic components, which include the H-bridge inverter, inductive coupling transformer, filter, and rectifier. The input impedance of ICPT with series-series compensation circuit, their phases, and the power factor are calculated and plotted by using Matlab scripts programming for different air gap values between the transmitter coil and receiver coil. The simulation results indicate that it is important to operate the system in the resonance state to transfer the maximum real power from the source to the load. A mathematical expression of optimal equivalent load resistance, corresponding to a maximal transmission efficiency of a wireless charging system, was demonstrated in detail. Finally, a prototype of a wireless charging system has been constructed for using two rectangular coils. The resonant frequency of the designed system with a 500 × 200 mm transmitter coil and a 200 × 100 mm receiver coil is 10 kHz. By carefully adjusting the circuit parameters, the implementation prototype have been successfully transferred a 100 W load power through 10 cm air gap between the coils.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Tunisia	0	Signal Processing,Computer Science (all),Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Dynamic modelling and motion control research on deep seabed miner	2020	Marine Georesources and Geotechnology	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.In this paper, the trafficability and motion performances of a seabed miner were obtained by the collaborative simulation between a multi-body dynamic (MBD) model and a motion control system model. For the development of the seabed sediment mechanical model, a numerical simulation by the discrete element method (DEM) and a laboratory physical experiment were performed to obtain the specific shear stress-displacement (S-D) and pressure-sinkage (P-S) relationship of the seabed sediment. Besides, the computational fluid dynamics (CFD) method was adopted to investigate the hydrodynamic loads acting on the miner under the linear motion and circular motion conditions. Moreover, the MBD model and motion control system model of the miner were respectively established in the simulation programs RecurDyn/Track and MATLAB/Simulink. Then, A fuzzy adaptive PID control was introduced to improve the motion accuracy, and the collaborative simulation results were discussed. This research can provide a theoretical basis and technical reference for the optimization design, operation control and performance prediction of the seabed miner.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Oceanography,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Ocean Engineering	collaborative simulation,Deep seabed miner,discrete element method,hydrodynamic loads,path tracking control
A hierarchical colored Petri net–based cyberattacks response strategy making approach for critical infrastructures	2020	International Journal of Distributed Sensor Networks	The Author(s) 2020.Critical infrastructures are essential for national security, economy, and public safety. As an important part of security protection, response strategy making provides useful countermeasures to reduce the impacts of cyberattacks. However, there have been few researches in this domain that investigate the cyberattack propagation within a station and the incident spreading process in the critical infrastructure network simultaneously, let along analyzing the relationships between security strategy making for a station and scheduling strategy for the critical infrastructure network. To tackle this problem, a hierarchical colored Petri net–based cyberattacks response strategy making approach for critical infrastructures is presented. In this approach, the relationships among cyberattacks, security measures, devices, functions, and station capacity are analyzed and described in a hierarchical way, and the system loss is calculated with the input of abnormal station capacities. Then, based on the above model, the security strategy making for a station and the scheduling strategy making for the critical infrastructure network are investigated in depth. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed approach is demonstrated on a simulated water supply system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all),Computer Networks and Communications	Critical infrastructures,cyberattack response,cybersecurity protection,hierarchical colored Petri net,system-of-systems
On Randomized Searching for Multi-robot Coordination	2020	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.In this chapter, we propose a novel approach for solving the coordination of a fleet of mobile robots, which consists of finding a set of collision-free trajectories for individual robots in the fleet. This problem is studied for several decades, and many approaches have been introduced. However, only a small minority is applicable in practice because of their properties - small computational requirement, producing solutions near-optimum, and completeness. The approach we present is based on a multi-robot variant of Rapidly Exploring Random Tree algorithm (RRT) for discrete environments and significantly improves its performance. Although the solutions generated by the approach are slightly worse than one of the best state-of-the-art algorithms presented in [23], it solves problems where ter Morses algorithm fails.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Czech Republic	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Synthesis of No-Wait Cyclic Schedules for Cascade-Like Systems of Repetitive Processes with Fixed Periods	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.The paper deals with the problem of synthesis of cyclic schedules for cascade-like topology repetitive systems that share resources using the mutual exclusion rule. Such processes are represented by, for example, repetitive transport tasks occurring in AGV systems, in which the carriages share sectors of routes belonging to neighboring manufacturing cells or cyclic operations carried out in urban transport systems such as train, subway, in which individual lines use shared hubs (i.e. inter-change stations, cross-platforms, etc.) combining mesh-like communication networks. In this context, the problem in question concerns determining the operation times of cascade-like repetitive processes and their start times, which guarantee the existence of a no-wait cyclic schedule of processes. An extended variant of the cascade-like system is considered, in which, in comparison to the classical “chain” model with two operations carried out as part of the process, each cyclic component process contains additional operations. The purpose of this work is to provide necessary and sufficient conditions for process operations and their start times to ensure that there is a cyclic schedule free of waiting for resources, and then apply the developed conditions in the synthesis procedure of the cascade-like system parameters.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Cascade-like topology,Constraint satisfaction problem,Cycle time,No-wait cyclic schedules,Repetitive processes,Synthesis of parameters
Adaptive automation assembly: Identifying system requirements for technical efficiency and worker satisfaction	2020	Computers and Industrial Engineering	2019 The AuthorsManual assembly work systems bring high flexibility but low productivity in comparison to fully automated systems. To increase productivity but maintain flexibility, future systems need to incorporate greater levels of automation which complement or augment the capabilities of the human operators who provide the manual work. Future systems should be designed for social and economic sustainability within fluctuating conditions and for adaptive utilisation of operators’ individual capabilities to maintain levels of productivity and personal satisfaction. To successfully create such systems with greater adaptivity and interactivity between people and technology a comprehensive understanding of design requirements is needed; the current problem is that there is no standard valid framework. The work described in this paper employed a three-component investigation to identify the various key requirements that are needed to form such a design framework for future human-automation assembly systems. This involves separate activities with different methodologies involving literature reviews, surveys and business case analysis to define use case scenarios and requirements for creating adaptive automation assembly system demonstrators. The different methodological approaches and results for all of the three component studies are described, along with conclusions and implications for further research work and for industry in general.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	6	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Adaptive workplaces,Assembly,Automation,Flexible production,Human-robot collaboration,Interaction mechanisms,Worker satisfaction
Data-Driven Analysis for RFID-Enabled Smart Factory: A Case Study	2020	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems	2018 IEEE.The emergence of Internet of Things (IoT) and new manufacturing paradigms have brought greater complexity of massive datasets. Radio frequency identification (RFID), as one of the key IoT technologies, has been used to collect real-time production data to support the manufacturing decision-making in smart factories. The adoption of these technologies results in a large amount of data collection. To extract useful information from this data, this paper utilizes a big data approach to figure out useful insights from RFID-enabled data regarding possible bottlenecks or inefficiencies on the shop floor so as to improve the quality management. Time and quality are the main metrics measured in this paper, where the longest process times, part accuracy percentage, and failure rate are determined for each of the workers (UserIDs) and process types (ProcCodes). Key findings and observations are significant to make advanced decisions in the smart factory by making full use of the RFID captured data. Note to Practitioners-This paper was motivated by a real-life company which has used RFID technology for over ten years. Great myriad of data has been captured from frontline production shop floors where machines, workers, materials, and manufacturing jobs were logically associated. Processing time and quality data are studied in this paper so as to investigate the production performance in the RFID-enabled smart factory.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Case study,data-driven,production performance,radio frequency identification (RFID),smart factory
Wheeled mobile robot path planning and path tracking controller algorithms: A review	2020	Journal of Engineering Science and Technology Review	2020 School of Science, IHU.The two major problems in wheeled mobile robot technology is path planning and path tracking. The former evaluates and identifies an obstacle free path for a mobile robot to traverse within its environment and the later deals with the controller design for a mobile robot to track the reference path with precision. Hence, researchers have proposed and applied several solution approaches to these problems over the years. The sustained integration of wheeled mobile robot to task that further require their operation within the human environment characterized with uncertainty makes a review of these solution approaches very significant. Thus, this paper therefore, presents a review of wheeled mobile robot path planning algorithms and path tracking control algorithms applied within the last decennium.	Journal	j	re	Review	Nigeria	0	Engineering (all)	Algorithms,Path planning,Path tracking,Robots,Wheeled mobile robots
Application of vision aided strapdown integrated navigation in lane vehicles	2020	International Journal of Embedded Systems	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The application of global navigation satellite system (GNSS) is extensive in lane applications with the development of science and technology. Vision aided strapdown integrated navigation is an effective aided-navigation method in the case of GNSS failure in lane vehicles, which plays an important role in realising high-precision navigation of lane navigation system. A vision-aided navigation system based on GNSS positioning is constructed using the electrical powered platform as the research object. The hardware platform of vision navigation system is presented and digital image processing is used to segment the collected lane image. The image pre-processing operation, including denoising filtering and greyscale processing, is carried out to complete the segmentation and get the effective navigation area. According to the effective area of navigation, a navigation datum line is extracted by the least squares linear fitting and Hough transform. According to the camera imaging model and the camera's internal and external parameters, the navigation datum line in the image coordinates is transformed into the world coordinates, and the heading angle is calculated. Kalman filter algorithm is used to fuse the navigation parameters of the vision navigation module and the GNSS positioning module, and the integrated navigation model is established.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Hardware and Architecture	Image segmentation,Kalman filter,Lane vehicle,Navigation line detection,Vision aided strapdown integrated navigation
A new geometry-based secondary path planning for automatic parking	2020	International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems	The Author(s) 2020.In auto-parking systems, a certain degree of error in the path tracking algorithm is inevitable. This is caused by actuator error, tire slipping, or other factors relevant to and included in the parking process. In such situations, the parking path needs to be updated to finish parking successfully which is referred to as secondary path planning. Herein, a new geometry-based method is proposed to deal with this issue, which can be called the pattern-based method. In this method, a predefined path pattern set consisting of 24 multi-segment patterns is developed first. These patterns are composed of straight lines and arcs and account for constraints due to motion and the immediate environment. Then, a traversal policy is adopted to select the path pattern from the set, and the sequential quadratic programming algorithm is used to determine the optimal parameters that fine-tune the pattern to meet the current constraints. In the simulation section, the effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated. Moreover, compared to the search-based method represented by a variation of rapidly exploring random tree*, the proposed method has a higher planning performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Computer Science Applications,Artificial Intelligence	Auto-parking system,mobile robot,nonlinear optimal algorithm,parallel parking,path patterns,secondary path planning
Hybrid evolutionary algorithm with an optimal sample allocation strategy for multifidelity simulation optimization problems	2020	Asia-Pacific Journal of Operational Research	World Scientific Publishing Co.In this research, the simulation optimization problem under a large design space, where a LF model may not be able to evaluate all design alternatives in the limited computational resource, is studied. We extended multifidelity (MF) optimization with ordinal transformation and optimal sampling (MO2TOS), which enables the use of LF models to search for a HF one efficiently, and proposed a combination of the genetic algorithm and MO2TOS. A novel optimal sample allocation strategy called MO2TOSAS was proposed to improve search efficiency. We applied the proposed methods to two experiments on MF function optimization and a simultaneous scheduling problem of machine and vehicles (SSPMV) in flexible manufacturing systems. In SSPMV, we developed three fidelity simulation models that capture important characteristics, including the preventive deadlock situation of vehicles and alternative machines. Simulation results show that the combination of more than one fidelity level of simulation models can improve search efficiency and reduce computational costs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Management Science and Operations Research	Genetic algorithm,Multi-fidelity optimization with ordinal transformation and optimal sampling,Multifidelity simulation optimization,Optimal sample allocation strategy,Simultaneous scheduling problem of machine and vehicles
Digital twin for cutting tool: Modeling, application and service strategy	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersDevelopments in the internet technology, internet of things, cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence in recent years have brought significant advancements in manufacturing, among which manufacturing digitalization contributes greatly to the ever-increasing productivity. A cutting tool driven by the digital twin can provide modern solution to these ever-growing needs of digitalization. In this paper, the digital twin driven-data flow framework at every state of the cutting tool life cycle is proposed in order to ensure the possibility for continuous improvement of process and tool. The detailed digital twin-driven services are discussed, and there are two service modes for manufacturers to meet customer needs. Furthermore, a virtual cutting tool test platform fused with physical tool wear data and virtue tool wear data, which provides a promising guidance for the development of intelligence manufacturing in future. The development prospects and challenges of data analysis, fusion, mining, and service are also discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cutting tool service,Data fusion,Digital twin,Life cycle,Residual life prediction
The importance of risk management for the introduction of modern warehouse technologies Pomen upravljanja s tveganji pri vpeljavi sodobnih skladiščnih tehnologij	2020	Promet - Traffic - Traffico	2020, Faculty of Transport and Traffic Engineering. All rights reserved.The purpose of the study is to determine whether the presence of risk management in a warehouse requires the implementation of modern warehouse technology. On the basis of the literature analysis, it was possible to determine that there is a correlation between the presence of the highest level of risk management and the use of modern warehouse technology in individual warehousing processes. For this purpose, a statistical analysis was carried out on a sample of companies operating in the Slovenian automotive industry. The results did not reveal a tangible correlation between the presence of risk management with the use of individual modern warehouse technology, the motivation for its use and errors in its use. The results of the study therefore, highlight the problems that are present in the warehousing system of the Slovenian companies in the automotive industry, which are related to substandard technological equipment in the warehouses and to the discrepancy between the level of manufacturing automation and the level of warehousing automation. The results are important for the Slovenian automotive industry in terms of the implementation of modern warehouse technology in the high-tech automotive industry.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Slovenia	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Ocean Engineering,Engineering (miscellaneous)	Case study,Methods,Risk management,Warehouse technology,Warehousing,Warehousing reliability
Fault-Tolerant Design of a Balanced Two-Wheel Scooter	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Fault-tolerant control is since several years a heavily researched scientific field that was successfully applied in numerous cases. In the last years this concept was accompanied by fault-tolerant design. It intends to enhance the controllability and diagnosability of technical systems through intelligent design as well as to increase the fault-tolerance of technical systems through inherently fault-tolerant design characteristics such as redundancy. The approaches, methods and tools of fault-tolerant design were applied to a balanced two-wheel scooter on different levels, ranging from a conscious requirements management to consciously chosen redundant elements on the most concrete level - the product geometry. On the functional level a virtual decision engine is presented, which allows the generation of correction factors for the control system.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Fault-tolerant control,Fault-tolerant design
Online path planning of mobile robot using grasshopper algorithm in a dynamic and unknown environment	2020	Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Artificial Intelligence	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The navigation of mobile robots using heuristic algorithms is one of the important issues in computer and control sciences. Path planning and obstacle avoidance are current topics of navigational challenges for mobile robots. The major drawbacks of conventional methods are the inability to plan motion in a dynamic and unknown environment, failure in crowded and complex environments, and inability to predict the velocity vector of obstacles and non-optimality of the synthesised path. This paper presents a novel path planning approach using a grasshopper algorithm for navigation of a mobile robot in dynamic and unknown environments. To accomplish this goal, two different approaches are presented. First, a sensory system is used to detect the obstacles and then a new method is developed to predict and avoid static and dynamic obstacles while the velocity of obstacles is unknown. The robot uses the obtained information and finds a collision-free, optimal and safe path. The controller proposed in this paper is tested in crowded and complex environments. Simulation results show that the approach is successful in all test environments. Also, the proposed controller is compared with several heuristic methods. The comparison work stipulates that the introduced controller here is promising in terms of running time, optimality, stability and failure rate.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence	dynamic environment,grasshopper optimisation algorithm,mobile robot navigation,obstacle avoidance,Path planning
The Driver Time Memory Car-Following Model Simulating in Apollo Platform with GRU and Real Road Traffic Data	2020	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2020 Rong Fei et al.Car following is the most common phenomenon in single-lane traffic. The accuracy of acceleration prediction can be effectively improved by the driver's memory in car-following behaviour. In addition, the Apollo autonomous driving platform launched by Baidu Inc. provides fast test vehicle following vehicle models. Therefore, this paper proposes a car-following model (CFDT) with driver time memory based on real-world traffic data. The CFDT model is firstly constructed by embedded gantry control unit storage capacity (GRU assisted) network. Secondly, the NGSIM dataset will be used to obtain the tracking data of small vehicles with similar driving behaviours from the common real road vehicle driving tracks for data preprocessing according to the response time of drivers. Then, the model is calibrated to obtain the driver's driving memory and the optimal parameters of the model and structure. Finally, the Apollo simulation platform with high-speed automatic driving technology is used for 3D visualization interface verification. Comparative experiments on vehicle tracking characteristics show that the CFDT model is effective and robust, which improves the simulation accuracy. Meanwhile, the model is tested and validated using the Apollo simulation platform to ensure accuracy and utility of the model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Track maneuvering using pid control for self-driving cars	2020	Recent Advances in Electrical and Electronic Engineering	2020 Bentham Science Publishers.Background: In this paper, a Proportional-Integral-Differential (PID) controller that facilitates track maneuvering for self-driving cars is proposed. Methods: Three different design approaches are used to find and tune the controller hyper-parameters. One of them is “WAF-Tune”, which is an ad hoc trial-and-error based technique that is specifically proposed in this paper for this specific application. The proposed controller uses only the Cross-Track-Error (CTE) as an input to the controller, whereas the output is the steering command. Results: Extensive simulation studies in complex tracks with many sharp turns have been carried out to evaluate the performance of the proposed controller at different speeds. Conclusion: The analysis shows that the proposed technique outperforms the other ones. The usefulness and the shortcomings of the proposed tuning mechanism are also discussed in details.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Kuwait	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous driving,Collision avoidance,Fuzzy control,PID control,PID tuning,Self-driving car
Integrated optimisation of consolidation and stowage planning of steel coil ships using differential evolution	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Consolidation plan (CP) and stowage plan (SP) of coil ships are to assign steel coils onto ships and decide specific loading location for each coil, respectively, which are two correlative and adjacent plans in the finished product logistics of iron and steel industry. In this paper, we focus on the problem of making an integrated plan of CP and SP (C&SPP), which is important and rarely studied, to try to achieve systematic optimisation from the perspectives of the product terminal, shipping companies, and customers, simultaneously. First, according to the practical situation, an integer programming (IP) model is established to optimise ship loading, transportation timeliness, and operation efficiency. Then, to improve calculating efficiency, the IP model is simplified (SIP) by reducing the dimensions of variables. After that, based on the problem features and algorithm behaviour, an improved differential evolution algorithm is proposed in which an element-dependent strategy is designed to set control parameter, a guided operator is constructed to generate mutant individual and an iteration-based mechanism is introduced to dynamically adjust the parameter and mutation strategy, respectively. Finally, extensive experiments are carried out to evaluate the proposed method, and the numerical results demonstrate its effectiveness in solving practical scale C&SPP.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Differential evolution,discrete optimisation,iron and steel industry,ship consolidation plan,ship stowage plan
Recovery alternatives decision by using fuzzy based preference selection index method Podejmowanie decyzji recycklingowych przy zastosowaniu metody wskaźnikowej wyboru preferencji	2020	Logforum	Wyższa Szkoła Logistyki, Poznań, Polska.Background: The electrical and electronics sector has become one of the rapidly developing and growing sectors, as a result of technological and economic developments. Rapid changes in consumer demands and needs have increased the use of electrical and electronic equipment and shortened product life cycle, resulting in an increase in equipment waste. Therefore, recovery alternatives for electrical and electronic equipment waste should be considered subject. The aim of this study is to evaluate the recovery alternatives of electrical and electronic wastes and to determine the best. Methods: Multi-criteria decision-making techniques used to select the best among multiple alternatives have many application areas. The selection of recovery alternatives based on criteria includes some fuzzy topics. For this reason, the fuzzy logic approach was used to evaluate the answers of the decision makers and the fuzzy numbers obtained were analyzed by PSI method and criterion weights were determined and alternatives were listed. Results: According to results of analysis, social responsibility and environmental awareness criteria have the highest values for selecting recovery alternatives. In addition, remanufacturing, regeneration and recycling take the first place among the alternatives. Conclusions: Recovery of electrical and electronics waste is an important subject in current conditions. Alternative methods vary from reuse to incineration, but correct choice of recovery techniques rely on multi criteria and decision should be made adhering to them.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Management Information Systems,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Fuzzy,Multi-criteria decision-making,Preference selection index,Recovery
Path tracking control of 4-wheel-steering autonomous ground vehicles based on linear parameter-varying system with experimental verification	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	IMechE 2020.In this study, a novel 4-wheel-steering electric vehicle is proposed as an autonomous ground vehicle. It aims to study the path tracking control algorithm of the 4-wheel-steering autonomous ground vehicle for intelligent driving. Path tracking model is built for path tracking controller design based on a single track model. Besides, the linear parameter-varying system model is constructed to make the path tracking controller adaptive to different longitudinal velocities and road friction coefficients. Furthermore, a linear quadratic regulator controller for path tracking is designed and stability analysis is carried out. To eliminate the error caused by disturbance, feedforward control is combined with a linear quadratic regulator controller. To verify the path tracking performance of the designed controller, numerical simulations are carried out based on a high-fidelity and full-vehicle model constructed in CarSim. Moreover, real road experiments are performed. Both the simulation results and experiment results show that the designed controller has good path tracking performance. In addition, the path tracking controller shows good robustness to deal with different longitudinal velocities and road friction coefficients.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	4-wheel steering,autonomous ground vehicle,linear parameter-varying system,path tracking
Coordinated Control of Dual-Motor Using the Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Logic in Autonomous Steering System of AGV	2020	International Journal of Fuzzy Systems	2020, Taiwan Fuzzy Systems Association.To achieve better trajectory tracking of the autonomous ground vehicle (AGV), a dual-motor autonomous steering structure and control method are proposed. The model predictive control (MPC) algorithm is utilized to calculate the optimal front wheel angle in real time based on the vehicle information, and dual-motor steering system follows the target angle to achieve trajectory tracking. In this process, to improve the stability of the angle motor, a coordinated steering controller of the angle motor and torque motor is proposed, and the type-2 fuzzy logic is designed based on the target front wheel angle and vehicle speed to optimize coordination coefficient. The front wheel angle step input and double-lane change trajectory tracking conditions are simulated in the carsim and simulink joint simulation platform, the results show that dual-motor steering system has good trajectory tracking ability, compared with no coordinated control, the current and velocity of angle motor are more stable under the coordinated steering control, which greatly reduces the steering load of the angle motor under different working conditions. The final hardware-in-loop test is put forward to verify the effectiveness of the MPC controller and coordinated steering controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Coordinated control,Dual motor,Model predictive control (MPC),Trajectory tracking,Type-2 fuzzy controller Hardware-in-Loop (HiL)
An Autonomous Guided Field Inspection Vehicle for 3D Woody Crops Monitoring	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.This paper presents a novel approach for crop monitoring and 3D reconstruction. A mobile platform, based on a commercial electric vehicle, was developed and equipped with different on-board sensors for crop monitoring. Acceleration, braking and steering systems of the vehicle were automatized. Fuzzy control systems were implemented to achieve autonomous navigation. A low-cost RGB-D sensor, Microsoft Kinect v2 sensor, and a reflex camera were installed on-board the platform for creation of 3D crop maps. The modelling of the field was fully automatic based on algorithms for 3D reconstructions of large areas, such as a complete row crop. Important information can be estimated from a 3D model of the crop, such as the canopy volume. For that goal, the alpha-shape algorithm was proposed. The on-going developments presented in this paper arise as a promising tool to achieve better crop management increasing crop profitability while reducing agrochemical inputs and environmental impact.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	3D reconstruction,Crop monitoring,Field inspection vehicle
Modularising school timetabling problems in different types of classes for Taiwanese elementary and junior high schools	2020	International Journal of Mathematics in Operational Research	2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.School timetabling problems (STPs) stem from difficult decisions related to assigning teachers and class sessions to various class time slots, subject to different scheduling, event and resource constraints. This research focused on how to efficiently construct a mathematical model of the STP subject to more than 40 class combinations for Taiwanese elementary and junior high schools. Based on the investigation, this study adopted the concept of modularity to classify class constraints into five modules: fundamental constraint, regular program, special education program, gifted performing and visual arts program and talented athlete program. This research proposed the methodology to apply the modularity concept to construct a customised class combination affected by STPs. Using the numerical data shows that the corresponding school timetable could be generated based on the customised class combination of the STPs. In addition, the scenarios with an objective function or with an infeasible solution were analysed and discussed. Finally, a framework of the automated school timetabling system based on the modularity concept was presented for future school timetabling system development.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Decision Sciences (all),Modeling and Simulation	Educational timetabling problem,High school timetable,Integer programming,Modularity,Multiple class types,School timetabling problem,STP
Enhanced Relative Localization Based on Persistent Excitation for Multi-UAVs in GPS-Denied Environments	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Intelligent unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have been applied for civil and military uses. Relative localization (RL) is crucial for multi-UAVs to accomplish complex tasks successfully and safely. In global positioning system (GPS) denied environments, where accurate or meaningful location information is hard to obtain, persistent excitation based RL is a promising approach for multi-UAVs to achieve RL without any needs of external infrastructures. However, for many cases, existing persistent excitation based RL method suffers precision loss, error accumulation and divergence. This article tackles these issues, and proposes an enhanced approach to ensure the practical usage of persistent excitation based RL. Synchronized sensor sample prediction is introduced to confine and reduce RL error, and RL estimation is redesigned to avoid RL error accumulation. We evaluated our solution by simulating various scenarios. The results show that the proposed approach can effectively decrease RL error and prevent RL error accumulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	GPS-denied environment,Multi-UAVs cooperation,relative localization,sensor sample prediction,sensor synchronization
Features for ground texture based localization - A survey	2020	30th British Machine Vision Conference 2019, BMVC 2019	2019. The copyright of this document resides with its authors.Ground texture based vehicle localization using feature-based methods is a promising approach to achieve infrastructure-free high-accuracy localization. In this paper, we provide the first extensive evaluation of available feature extraction methods for this task, using separately taken image pairs as well as synthetic transformations. We identify AKAZE, SURF and CenSurE as best performing keypoint detectors, and find pairings of CenSurE with the ORB, BRIEF and LATCH feature descriptors to achieve greatest success rates for incremental localization, while SIFT stands out when considering severe synthetic transformations as they might occur during absolute localization.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	1	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition	None
Expected yaw rate–based trajectory tracking control with vision delay for intelligent vehicle	2020	Science Progress	The Author(s) 2020.Accurate and real-time position of preview point is significant to trajectory tracking control of vision-guided intelligent vehicle. The unavoidable delay of road automatic identification system weakens trajectory tracking control performance, and even deteriorates the vehicle stability. Therefore, a compensator for the delay of road automatic identification system was proposed which combines the current statistical model and adaptive Kalman predictor to estimate the state of preview point position. The trajectory tracking sliding mode controller of intelligent vehicle is established through a 2–degrees of freedom vehicle dynamic model and motion model by using MATLAB/Simulink and CarSim. The trajectory tracking performance under 20–100 ms delay is analyzed. The simulation results show that the trajectory tracking performance of intelligent vehicle will be affected by the delay of road automatic identification system, reducing tracking accuracy. And when the delay is too large, it will deteriorate the vehicle stability and safety. In addition, the simulation results also verify the effectiveness of current statistical–adaptive Kalman predictor compensator at different delays.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	adaptive Kalman predictor,current statistical model,sliding mode control,time delay,Vision-guided intelligent vehicle
Complex-Track Following in Real-Time Using Model-Based Predictive Control	2020	International Journal of Intelligent Transportation Systems Research	2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.In this paper, a comprehensive Model-Predictive-Control (MPC) controller that enables effective complex track maneuvering for Self-Driving Cars (SDC) is proposed. The paper presents the full design details and the implementation stages of the proposed SDC-MPC. The controller receives several input signals such as an accurate car position measurement from the localization module of the SDC measured in global map coordinates, the instantaneous vehicle speed, as well as, the reference trajectory from the path planner of the SDC. Then, the SDC-MPC generates a steering (angle) command to the SDC in addition to a throttle (speed/brake) command. The proposed cost function of the SDC-MPC (which is one of the main contributions of this paper) is very comprehensive and is composed of several terms. Each term has its own sub-objective that contributes to the overall optimization problem. The main goal is to find a solution that can satisfy the purposes of these terms according to their weights (contribution) in the combined objective (cost) function. Extensive simulation studies in complex tracks with many sharp turns have been carried out to evaluate the performance of the proposed controller at different speeds. The analysis shows that the proposed controller with its tuning technique outperforms the other classical ones like PID. The usefulness and the shortcomings of the proposed controller are also discussed in details.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Kuwait	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Neuroscience (all),Information Systems,Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous driving,MPC control,MPC tuning,Self-driving Car
Decentralised control-based interaction framework for secure data transmission in internet of automated vehicles	2020	International Journal of Embedded Systems	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Recent technological advancements in the field of communication and control are transforming the transportation industry by extending the capabilities of conventional human-controlled vehicles to partially or fully automated vehicles. These vehicles create a network, also termed as internet of automated vehicles (IAV), having the capability of sensing the data from the surroundings and using it as feedback mechanism in order to assist drivers and the static infrastructure for safe navigation and control. However, a uniform framework is required to isolate the interactions among the vehicles and different entities for secure transmission and control. In this paper, we propose a decentralised control-based interaction framework to promote smooth transmission of sensor data in automated vehicular systems and verify the correctness of the underlying policy model on access control policy testing (ACPT) tool. In addition, we present some case studies to show the effectiveness of the proposed framework in real-time applications.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Hardware and Architecture,Software	Access control policy testing,Automated vehicles,Cloud,Decentralised control,Embedded sensors,Fog,Policy,Provenance,Security,Transportation
A back-stepping control based on bounded function for four-wheel drive omni-directional mobile robots	2020	International Journal of Circuits, Systems and Signal Processing	2020, North Atlantic University Union. All rights reserved.As the simply structure and flexible design, back-stepping technique has been widely applied in robot trajectory tracking control. However, there is velocity jumping problem in conventional back-stepping tracking control for four-wheel drive omni-directional mobile robots. In this paper, an improved back-stepping controller based on a bounded function is proposed. To improve control performance, a smooth and bounded tracking velocity, arising from the function, is used to instead of the jumping velocity. Simulation results of tracking different paths and comparison with the conventional back-stepping technique show that the approach is effective, and the system has a good performance with smooth outputs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Signal Processing,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Four-wheel drive,Omni-directional mobile robot,Sigmoid function,Trajectory tracking,Velocity jump
Demand response model development for smart households using time of use tariffs and optimal control—The isle of wight Energy autonomous community case study	2020	Energies	2020 by the authorsResidential variable energy price schemes can be made more effective with the use of a demand response (DR) strategy along with smart appliances. Using DR, the electricity bill of participating customers/households can be minimised, while pursuing other aims such as demand-shifting and maximising consumption of locally generated renewable‐electricity. In this article, a two‐stage optimization method is used to implement a price‐based implicit DR scheme. The model considers a range of novel smart devices/technologies/schemes, connected to smart‐meters and a local DR‐Controller. A case study with various decarbonisation scenarios is used to analyse the effects of deploying the proposed DR‐scheme in households located in the west area of the Isle of Wight (Southern United Kingdom). There are approximately 15,000 households, of which 3000 are not connected to the gas‐network. Using a distribution network model along with a load flow software‐tool, the secondary voltages and apparent‐power through transformers at the relevant substations are computed. The results show that in summer, participating households could export up to 6.4 MW of power, which is 10% of installed large‐scale photovoltaics (PV) capacity on the island. Average carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) reductions of 7.1 ktons/annum and a reduction in combined energy/transport fuel‐bills of 60%/annum could be achieved by participating households.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	1	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Energy (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Battery,Demand response,Electric vehicle,Non‐linear programming,Optimisation,Solar photovoltaics,Sustainability
Dynamic dispatching system using a deep denoising autoencoder for semiconductor manufacturing	2020	Applied Soft Computing Journal	2019 Elsevier B.V.Deep denoising autoencoders (DDAE), which are variants of the autoencoder, have shown outstanding performance in various machine learning tasks. In this study, we propose using a DDAE to address a dispatching rule selection problem that represents a major problem in semiconductor manufacturing. Recently, the significance of dispatching systems for storage allocation has become more apparent because operational issues lead to transfer inefficiency, resulting in production losses. Further, recent approaches have overlooked the possibility of a class imbalance problem in predicting the best dispatching rule. The main purpose of this study is to examine DDAE-based predictive control of the storage dispatching systems to reduce idle machines and production losses. We conducted an experimental evaluation to compare the predictive performance of DDAE with those of five other novelty detection algorithms. Finally, we compared our adaptive approach with the optimization and existing heuristic approaches to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method. The experimental results demonstrated that the proposed method outperformed the existing methods in terms of machine utilizations and throughputs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	3	Software	Class imbalance problem,Deep denoising autoencoder,Dispatching rule selection,Novelty detection,Storage allocation
Multiobjective Optimization of Cloud Manufacturing Service Composition with Improved Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm	2020	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2020 Yongxiang Li et al.Aiming at the problems of low search efficiency and inaccurate optimization of existing service composition optimization methods, a new multiobjective optimization model of cloud manufacturing service composition was constructed, which took service matching degree, composition synergy degree, cloud entropy, execution time, and execution cost as optimization objectives, and an improved particle swarm optimization algorithm (IPSOA) was proposed. In the IPSOA, the integer encoding method was used for particle encoding. The inertia coefficient and two acceleration coefficients were improved by introducing the normal cloud model, sine function, and cosine function. The global search ability of IPSOA in the early stage was improved, and its prematurity was restrained to form a more comprehensive solution space. In the later stage, IPSOA focused on the local fine search and improved the optimization precision. Taking automatic guided forklift manufacturing task as an example, the correctness of the proposed multiobjective optimization model of cloud manufacturing service composition and the effectiveness of its solution algorithm were verified. The performance of IPSOA was analyzed and compared with standard genetic algorithm (SGA) and traditional particle swarm optimization (PSO). Under the same conditions, IPSOA had a faster convergence speed than PSO and SGA and had better performance than PSO.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
A Collaborative Robotic Approach to Autonomous Pallet Jack Transportation and Positioning	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This paper proposes a novel loco-manipulation control framework for the execution of complex tasks with kinodynamic constraints using mobile manipulators. As a representative example, we consider the handling and re-positioning of pallet jacks (or lifts/carriers with similar characteristics) in unstructured environments. This task is associated with significant challenges in terms of locomotion, due to the mobility constraints that are imposed by their limited kinematics while moving, and manipulation, due to the existence of dynamic uncertainties while grasping and handling of pallet jacks. To tackle these challenges, our solution enables the robotic platform to autonomously reach a pallet jack location while avoiding the obstacles, and to detect and manipulate its handle by fusing the perception and the contact force data. Subsequently, the transportation of the pallet jack is achieved through a whole-body impedance controller and a trajectory planner which takes into account the mobility constraints of the robot-pallet jack chain. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed solution in reaching and displacing the pallets to desired locations through simulation studies and experimental results. While these results reveal with a proof-of-concept the effectiveness of the proposed framework, they also demonstrate the high potential of mobile manipulators for relieving human workers from such repetitive and labor intensive tasks. We believe that this extended functionality can contribute to increasing the usability of mobile manipulators in different application scenarios.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Autonomous agents,field robots,manipulation planning,path planning for manipulators
Desert sparrow optimisation algorithm for permutation flowshop scheduling problems	2020	International Journal of Mathematics in Operational Research	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Permutation flowshop scheduling problems (PFSSP) with an objective to minimise the total elapsed time (makespan), are typically NP-hard in nature. Many heuristics and metaheuristics have been designed and developed to optimise makespan in flowshop scheduling environment. Better quality of metaheuristic approach depends on solution obtained by heuristic. In this paper, a nature inspired heuristic based on the biological characteristics of desert sparrow is proposed to optimise makespan in flowshop environment. The cooperative task allocation nature of desert sparrow is the basis to find the best initial feasible solution. Computational analysis depicts that proposed heuristic gives significantly better results than referred heuristics for the considered problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Decision Sciences (all),Modeling and Simulation	Constructive heuristic,Desert sparrow optimisation,DSO,Flowshop scheduling,Makespan
Retailer layout design: A novel hybrid approach with association rules mining and MCRAFT	2020	International Journal of Industrial and Systems Engineering	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Spatial layout of a retail store is a crucial decision variable related to both utilisation of store area and purchasing behaviour of the customer. In this respect, the task of optimising the allocation of shelves to specific product segments has become a strategic decision to facilitate a more comfortable shopping environment for customers, which, in turn, increases sales volume. This study proposes a novel hybrid approach to facility layout design problem, which combines association rules mining (ARM) and a facility layout method, MCRAFT. The proposed methodology is composed of two main stages: 1) rule mining; 2) layout design. More specifically, the presented approach exploits the association rules obtained from purchasing records and uses them as a proximity measure input to MCRAFT algorithm to determine the layout of the store. The merit of the proposed methodology is shown with a case study on a prominent Turkish supermarket chain.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Apriori algorithm,ARM,Association rule mining,Facility layout algorithm,Supermarket layout
Scene perception based visual navigation of mobile robot in indoor environment	2020	ISA Transactions	2020 ISAOnly vision-based navigation is the key of cost reduction and widespread application of indoor mobile robot. Consider the unpredictable nature of artificial environments, deep learning techniques can be used to perform navigation with its strong ability to abstract image features. In this paper, we proposed a low-cost way of only vision-based perception to realize indoor mobile robot navigation, converting the problem of visual navigation to scene classification. Existing related research based on deep scene classification network has lower accuracy and brings more computational burden. Additionally, the navigation system has not yet been fully assessed in the previous work. Therefore, we designed a shallow convolutional neural network (CNN) with higher scene classification accuracy and efficiency to process images captured by a monocular camera. Besides, we proposed an adaptive weighted control (AWC) algorithm and combined with regular control (RC) to improve the robot's motion performance. We demonstrated the capability and robustness of the proposed navigation method by performing extensive experiments in both static and dynamic unknown environments. The qualitative and quantitative results showed that the system performs better compared to previous related work in unknown environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Instrumentation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Convolution neural networks,Indoor mobile robot,Obstacle avoidance,Scene perception,Visual navigation
Safety distance model for longitudinal collision avoidance of logistics vehicles considering slope and road adhesion coefficient	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part D: Journal of Automobile Engineering	IMechE 2020.With the acceleration of urbanization process, the country’s strong support for the healthy development of the logistics industry has made urban logistics become a hot topic in recent years. With the increase in the number of logistics vehicles, traffic accidents have become more frequent. Intelligent vehicle collision avoidance system is an important part of advanced safety technology. To increase veracity and practicability of logistics vehicle safety collision avoidance, this paper presents a safety distance model for longitudinal collision avoidance of logistics vehicles considering road slope and road adhesion coefficient. Based on the vehicle kinetic theory, the information of surrounding environment for the vehicle is obtained using environment sensing system adequately, a method is designed to estimate the road slope and road adhesion coefficient. Combined with vehicle dynamics and tire normal force variation, the road slope was estimated. Based on the relationship between slip rate and adhesion coefficient, the Least Square Method is used for multivariate fitting to obtain the relationship between rolling resistance coefficient and road adhesion coefficient, estimate the road adhesion coefficient, and the maximum deceleration of vehicle braking is modified. Therefore, the safety distance model is established. In order to verify the accuracy and effectiveness of the model, three cases are designed for verification: case I is verification of the safety distance model considering the slope factor; case II is verification of the safety distance model considering the road adhesion factor; case III is the safety distance verification considering both the factors of slope and road adhesion coefficient. The result shows that it is necessary to take the factors of road slope and adhesion coefficient into the safety distance model to improve the accuracy of the model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	adhesion coefficient estimation,Logistics vehicle,obstacle avoidance,safety distance model,slope estimation
Tilting Path Optimization of Tilt Quad Rotor in Conversion Process Based on Ant Colony Optimization Algorithm	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The tilt quad rotor (TQR) has the problem of manipulation redundancy due to the aerodynamic structure changing in conversion mode. The tilting path is limited by the conversion corridor. In order to solve the problem of manipulation redundancy in conversion mode and find out the optimal tilting path in conversion corridor, the aerodynamic model of the TQR based on Goldstein vortex theory is established to obtain the manipulation derivative matrix and conversion corridor. A novel manipulation strategy is proposed, the altitude, forward velocity and tilt angle are introduced into the manipulation strategy to ensure the stability of the altitude and attitude in conversion process. To find out the optimal tilting path in conversion corridor, a novel tilting strategy is proposed based on Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm and compared with another three tilting path. To verify the credibility of the flight dynamics model, the effectiveness of manipulation strategy and tilting path optimization, the simulation and flight test were carried out. The simulation and flight test results show that the manipulation strategy proposed in this paper can solve the manipulation redundancy in conversion mode very well, and the proposed tilting path can ensure the stability of the altitude and attitude in conversion corridor.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	ant colony optimization,flight test,manipulation strategy,Tilt quad rotor,tilting path
Warehouse-Oriented Optimal Path Planning for Autonomous Mobile Fire-Fighting Robots	2020	Security and Communication Networks	2020 Yong-tao Liu et al.In order to achieve the fastest fire-fighting purpose, warehouse autonomous mobile fire-fighting robots need to make an overall optimal planning based on the principle of the shortest time for their traveling path. A∗ algorithm is considered as a very ideal shortest path planning algorithm, but the shortest path is not necessarily the optimal path for robots. Furthermore, the conventional A∗ algorithm is affected by the search neighborhood restriction and the theoretical characteristics, so there are many problems, which are closing to obstacles, more inflection points, more redundant points, larger total turning angle, etc. Therefore, A∗ algorithm is improved in eight ways, and the inflection point prior strategy is adopted to compromise Floyd algorithm and A∗ algorithm in this paper. According to the criterion of the inflection point in this paper, the path inflection point arrays are constructed and traveling all path nodes are replaced by traveling path inflection points for the conventional Floyd algorithm backtracking, so it greatly reduces the backtracking time of the smooth path. In addition, this paper adopts the method of the extended grid map obstacle space in path planning safety distance. According to the relationship between the actual scale of the warehouse grid map and the size of the robot body, the different safe distance between the planning path and the obstacles is obtained, so that the algorithm can be applied to the safe path planning of the different size robots in any map environments. Finally, compared with the conventional A∗ algorithm, the improved algorithm reduces by 7.846% for the path length, reduces by 71.429% for the number of the cumulative turns, and reduces by 75% for the cumulative turning angle through the experiment. The proposed method can ensure robots to move fast on the planning path and ultimately achieve the goal of reducing the number of inflection points, reducing the cumulative turning angle, and reducing the path planning time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications	None
Radio-based vehicle dynamic tracking in GNSS degraded environments	2020	International Journal of Sensor Networks	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.The vehicular position information plays an important role in the vehicle communication. In open environments without signal blockage, global navigation satellite system (GNSS) has achieved on-road level accuracy and good reliability, However, the vehicle dynamic tracking is difficult in GNSS degraded environments. Usually, vehicle dynamic tracking consists of three portions: static positioning system, manoeuvring model and fusion algorithm. A radio-based positioning system aided by roadside units (RSUs) is employed as static positioning system, while the adaptive Kalman filter algorithm is used as fusion algorithm. In this paper, a new manoeuvring model is studied. Firstly, the problem of ‘current’ model is analysed. Secondly, a ‘current-ellipse’ manoeuvring model is proposed to adapt the strong and weak manoeuvring simultaneously. The experiments show that it can improve the tracking accuracy. Finally, a vehicle tracking case is discussed, its results show that root mean square error (RMSE) is smaller than 2 m, and the positioning accuracy can meet the position-based vehicular communication.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Current-ellipse model,GNSS degraded environment,Manoeuvring model,Radio-based positioning system,Target tracking,Vehicle dynamic tracking
Extracting New Dispatching Rules for Multi-objective Dynamic Flexible Job Shop Scheduling with Limited Buffer Spaces	2020	Cognitive Computation	2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.Dispatching rules are among the most widely applied and practical methods for solving dynamic flexible job shop scheduling problems in manufacturing systems. Hence, the design of applicable and effective rules is always an important subject in the scheduling literature. The aim of this study is to propose a practical approach for extracting efficient rules for a more general type of dynamic job shop scheduling problem in which jobs arrive at the shop at different times and machine breakdowns occur stochastically. Limited-buffer conditions are also considered, increasing the problem complexity. Benchmarks are selected from the literature, with some modifications. Gene expression programming combined with a simulation model is used for the design of scheduling policies. The extracted rules are compared with several classic dispatching rules from the literature based on a multi-objective function. The new rules are found to be superior to the classic ones. They are robust and can be used for similar complex scheduling problems. The results prove the efficiency of gene expression programming as a nature-inspired method for dispatching rule extraction.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	3	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications,Cognitive Neuroscience	Buffer conditions,Dispatching rules,Dynamic flexible job shop scheduling,Gene expression programming,Nature-inspired approaches,Simulation
Exploring a Novel Electrical-Modeling-Based Route Planning for Vehicle Guidance	2020	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2020 Rogelio Alejandro Callejas-Molina et al.This work describes a novel Electrical-Modeling-Based Route Planner (EMBRP) for vehicle guidance within city street networks (maps), which uses an equivalent linear electrical circuit considering traffic flow direction, length, and other physical attributes of the streets as parameters for the mathematical model of the circuit branch resistances. Thus, modeling a city as an electrical circuit results in a system of linear equations, which are solved using a multifrontal method implemented in the Unsymmetric Multifrontal Pack (UMFPACK) library. In addition, a Modified Local Current Comparison Algorithm (MLCCA) is proposed with the aim to find a suitable route meeting the correct traffic flow direction. The EMBRP has the functionality to accept user-defined symbolic models in terms of street parameters extracted from a public database allowing different route planning applications. For instance, low-risk route planning schemes can be explored also routes with multiple origins and a single destination can be plotted using only a single simulation, among other possibilities. The EMBRP is illustrated through the description of nine real case studies. According to the obtained results, suitable planning routes and small computing times are achieved by this proposal. A performance comparison, in terms of memory consumption and computing time, among EMBRP, the heuristic A∗ algorithm and Hspice numeric engine is presented. The smallest computing time was achieved by the EMBRP. The EMBRP can be useful for engineers and researchers studying route planning techniques and new street models for specific applications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	0	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Changing the maintenance and repair system while expanding the connected vehicles fleet	2020	VEHITS 2020 - Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Vehicle Technology and Intelligent Transport Systems	2020 by SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, Lda. All rights reservedAutonomous vehicles have become a logical outcome of the realization to Intelligent Transport Systems direction as a system strategy. The article analyses the directions of road vehicles intellectualization. The problems and ways to improve the safety, reliability and sustainability of transport systems are indicated. It is shown that to control the connected vehicles reliability it is necessary to improve the branded systems of maintenance and repair. This is realized through the improvement of on-board diagnostic systems. The use of sensors that read data on the vehicle's state, its routes and external factors affecting reliability ensure the adequacy and quality of the source information. Using a single information space for generating operational databases as well as a defect codifier for generating failure statistics and their multidimensional analysis will allow us to determine the service strategy and also carry out its adjustment if necessary when changing the failure statistics.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Russian Federation	1	Automotive Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Transportation	Branded Service Systems,Connected Vehicles,On-board Diagnostic Systems
Path planning of collision avoidance for unmanned ground vehicles: A nonlinear model predictive control approach	2020	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers. Part I: Journal of Systems and Control Engineering	IMechE 2020.In addition to the safety of collision avoidance, the safety of lateral stability is another critical issue for unmanned ground vehicles in the high-speed condition. This article presents an integrated path planning algorithm for unmanned ground vehicles to address the aforementioned two issues. Since visibility graph method is a very practical and effective path planning algorithm, it is used to plan the global collision avoidance path, which can generate the shortest path across the static obstacles from the start point to the final point. To improve the quality of the planned path and avoid uncertain moving obstacles, nonlinear model predictive control is used to optimize the path and conduct second path planning with the consideration of lateral stability. Considering that the moving trajectories of moving obstacles are uncertain, multivariate Gaussian distribution and polynomial fitting are utilized to predict the moving trajectories of moving obstacles. In the collision avoidance algorithm design, a series of constraints are taken into consideration, including the minimum turning radius, safe distance, control constraint, tracking error, etc. Four simulation conditions are carried out to verify the feasibility and accuracy of the comprehensive collision avoidance algorithm. Simulation results indicate that the algorithm can deal with both static and dynamic collision avoidance, and lateral stability.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	collision avoidance,nonlinear model predictive control,path planning,Unmanned ground vehicle
A combined approach of multiple-criteria decision analysis and discrete-event simulation: Lessons learned from a fleet composition study	2020	World Review of Intermodal Transportation Research	2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.This study proposes a framework for a decision of the fleet composition problem based on a set of qualitative and quantitative criteria, which is a hybrid method for decision-making support that combines MCDA and simulation techniques in a multicriteria scenario for fleet composition. The proposed framework is able, using simulations, to address the complexity of criteria considered in a fleet composition problem in order to increase the preciseness of the decision-making process. From the solutions evaluated, there was a change in the preference of the alternative initially chosen after simulation, which is considered to refine the solution provided by the MCDA method. Considering only the MCDA method, the cost is prioritised and the solution uses exclusively high capacity trucks. Using the simulation and a different weighing process, the service level has a greater importance and a percentage of smaller trucks is admitted as part of the fleet.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Transportation	Combined approach,Decision making,Discrete-event simulation,Fleet composition,Framework,Heterogeneous fleet,Hybrid method,Multiple-criteria decision analysis,Operational research,Solution evaluation
A Multi-Objective Bus Rapid Transit Energy Saving Dispatching Optimization Considering Multiple Types of Vehicles	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Reducing energy consumption and promoting sustainable mobility solutions, including public transport (PT), are increasingly becoming key objectives for policymakers worldwide. Energy saving dispatching optimization for bus rapid transit (BRT) is one of the most efficient strategies for reducing traffic congestion and energy conservation. The purpose of this paper is to address the BRT dispatching problem while taking into account the association between the vehicle type, the waiting time of passengers and the energy consumption of vehicles. This paper presents a mechanical model to describe the level of energy used in different vehicles based on engine universal characteristics considering the characteristics of the vehicle, engine, road, and driving type. The load factor and the passenger average waiting time are used to estimate the quality of service. Furthermore, in order to determine the vehicle scheduling scheme, a multi-objective energy saving dispatching optimization model of BRT is developed aiming to minimize the waiting time of passengers and energy consumption of vehicles. Moreover, a two-phase algorithm is employed in order to solve this multi-objective model. The results show that the designed algorithm is valid for solving the dispatching optimization model of BRT, and the energy consumption and passenger waiting time can be reduced by using an appropriate dispatching scheme.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	BRT dispatching,energy consumption,multi-objective,multiple types of vehicles,niched genetic algorithm
Increasing the functioning efficiency of the working warehouse of the "Uvk Ukraine" company transport and logistics center	2020	Communications - Scientific Letters of the University of Zilina	2020 University of Zilina.Competition in the field of logistics and individual transport services requires the constant analysis of logistics chains and their individual links. Given analysis enables implementation of new approaches to logistics companies and networks trade marketing in the offtake of certain types of goods. Industrial and commercial enterprises have to expand their trade and economic relations with other regions with the aim to provide the necessary sales volumes in the domestic market of regions and to go beyond it. Integration of the country's economy and the free trade policy orientation greatly simplify the task of establishing the free trade and economic relations between producers and consumers. However, there is a question of how quickly and efficiently; with minimal logistics costs, the goods at the right region of the customer should be delivered. The experiment on a one-storey closed warehouse No 3 of Brovary "UVK Ukraine", where a process of the crossdocking warehousing, with subsorting from a warehouse, has been conducted. The warehouse mainly works on trading networks. The loading of the warehouse has been performed with the input flow intensity within (12.3 ⋯ 23.56 (t/h)). During the experiment, the number gain of loading and unloading machines (Electrostacks Reath Track OMG NEOS LAT 3.0) a pcs in the process of unloading, loading and moving consignments, has been examined. In addition, the increasing number of workers employed in non-mechanized forms of work, such as receiving and stacking cargo in the reception area (moving the relevant consignments to designated areas of the reception area and its arrangement), which in total is an increase of 4 employees in the technological process of the warehouse operation, has been investigated during the experiment. The growing of labor and mechanized resources makes it possible to better organize the work of the warehouse, reduce total costs and increase cargo output flow. Conducting the process of warehouse work optimization on the formed technology and corresponding labor and mechanized resources caused an increase of its efficiency. It has been found that the optimal values of intensity of the incoming cargo flow will be 17.93 (t/h); the number of employees engaged in non-mechanized labor - 12 workers, and loading and unloading machines - 3 (pcs). Under such conditions, the warehouse functioning according to the desirability level will reach value 0.792. In this case, the cost value of warehouse work is 181.07 US$/h and cargo output flow intensity is 10.23 (t/h). Results of experimental studies have shown that implementation of the proposed method of increasing the efficiency of warehouse work, based on the company "UVK Ukraine" may, on average, achieve a total cost reduction of 17.2% and an increase in output flow by 34.6% and the input flow by 10.3%.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Ukraine	1	Transportation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cargo flow,Costs,Labor resources,Loading and unloading machines,Optimization,Transport and logistics center,Warehouse,Warehouse logistics
A Novel Hybrid Auction Algorithm for Multi-UAVs Dynamic Task Assignment	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.The auction algorithm is a widely used method for task assignments. However, most existing auction algorithms yield poor performance when applied to multi-UAVs dynamic task assignment. To end this, we propose a novel hybrid 'Two-Stage' auction algorithm based on the hierarchical decision mechanism and an improved objective function, which simultaneously realizes heterogeneous multi-UAVs dynamic task assignment with limited resources of each UAV and avoidance obstacle path planning. In the first stage, according to the novel proposed hierarchical decision mechanism, we select a task that is urgently needed to be performed in the task group by using the decision function and three attribute values of tasks. After the first stage, it will result in a reasonable auction sequence, instead of random auction sequence as in previous algorithms. In the second stage, by considering the coverage factor and adaptive-limitation penalty term, a novel objective function is proposed and directs related UAVs for auction. In addition, we combine the structural advantages of the centralized and distributed auction algorithm, which greatly promotes its performance in dynamic task assignment. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms many state-of-the-art models in efficiency and robustness.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	auction algorithm,decision function,dynamic task assignment,Hierarchical decision mechanism,unmanned air vehicle
Interactions between Specific Human and Omnidirectional Mobile Robot Using Deep Learning Approach: SSD-FN-KCF	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.To fulfill the tasks of human-robot interaction (HRI), how to detect the specific human (SH) becomes paramount. In this paper, the deep learning approach by the integration of Single-Shot Detection, FaceNet, and Kernelized Correlation Filter (SSD-FN-KCF) is developed. From the outset, the SSD is employed to detect the human up to 8m using the RGB-D camera with 320× 240 resolution. Afterward the omnidirectional mobile robot (ODMR) is driven to the neighborhood of 2.5∼ 3.0m such that the depth image can accurately estimate the detected human's pose. Subsequently, the ODMR is commanded to the vicinity of 1.0m and the orientation inside-6060° with respect to the optical axis to identify whether he/she is the SH by the FaceNet. To reduce the computation time of the FaceNet and extend the SH's tracking, the KCF is employed to achieve the task of HRI (e.g., human following). Based on the image processing result, the required pose for searching or tracking (specific) human is accomplished by the image-based adaptive finite-time hierarchical constraint control. Finally, the experiment with the SH, who is far from and on the backside of the ODMR, validates the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	adaptive finite-time hierarchical constraint control,Deep learning,face recognition,human detection,human following,omnidirectional mobile robot,visual tracking
A dynamic data driven indoor localisation framework based on ultra high frequency passive RFID system	2020	International Journal of Sensor Networks	Copyright  2020 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.Better monitoring of workers' and the materials' flow within a production system can potentially enhance any facility's productivity and efficiency. This paper proposes a data driven framework to affordably localise indoor workers and materials using a passive radio frequency identification (RFID) system in large scale. Here, indoor wireless sensor networks are developed via passive Ultra-High Frequency (UHF) tags, where received signal strength indicator (RSSI) is measured by different access points (APs) to generate a fingerprinting database. Then, this database not only translates the signal strength reported by APs to distance through regression models but also helps to localise each tag utilising our proposed k-nearest neighbours (KNN) algorithm. Our improved KNN algorithm dynamically defines different neighbourhoods, in terms of size and topology considering environment status. Results from multiple experiments under different scenarios reveal that our proposed methods can detect and localise objects with an error as low as 0.36 m.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Networks and Communications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distance estimation,Dynamic data driven,K-nearest neighbours,KNN,Localisation,Machine learning,Passive UHF RFID,Radio frequency identification,RFID,RFID-sensor networks,Statistical modelling,Wireless sensor networks,WSNs
W/CDM-MSFM-driven pedestrian path prediction at signalized crosswalk with mixed trafﬁc flow	2020	Transportmetrica B	2020 Hong Kong Society for Transportation Studies Limited.In this paper, pedestrian path prediction at a signalized crosswalk with pedestrian-electric bicycle-vehicle mixed flow is investigated. Firstly, a waiting/crossing decision model (W/CDM) is developed to predict pedestrians’ waiting/crossing intentions with approaching vehicles. Secondly, a Modified Social Force Model (MSFM) is developed by taking the evasion with conflicting road users, the reaction to traffic lights and crosswalk boundary into consideration. The influence of pedestrians’ heterogeneous characteristics and mixed trafﬁc flow are considered for the first time. Then the mixed traffic data at a signalized crosswalk is recorded and analysed. A maximum likelihood estimation is proposed to calibrate the parameters. Finally, the integrated method (W/CDM-MSFM) is compared with the existing methods. The results show that the method outperforms the existing methods and accurately predicts the pedestrians’ paths, which makes it possible for autonomous vehicles to present the feasibility to protect the safety of pedestrians and improve the efficiency of dynamic traffic.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Transportation	Mixed traffic flow (pedestrian-electric bicycle-vehicle mixed flow),modified social force model (MSFM),pedestrian path prediction,signalized crosswalk,waiting/crossing decision model (W/CDM)
Digital Twin Based Real-time Production Logistics Synchronization System in a Multi-level Computing Architecture	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2020The increasing demands for customized products have brought a lot of inevitable operational dynamics to the production logistics system. How to systematically monitor and evaluate its overall real-time operation status, and to invoke the most appropriate decision-making level, use the most economical computational resource, and conduct a synchronized decision-making and control to the most accurate operation scope to address a randomly occurred dynamics has remained a long-term challenge for researchers. This paper proposes a multi-level cloud computing enabled digital twin system for the real-time monitor, decision and control of a synchronized production logistics system. In the IoT-driven production logistics synchronization (PLS) system with complete real-time information, the dynamics that occurred in the physical layer could be accurately and real-timely captured and its negative effects on the system's overall operation state could be effectively evaluated in the digital layer. For slight, moderate and severe dynamics, edge computing, fog computing and cloud computing and their dynamically formed multi-level distributed decision-making system will be used to deal with the dynamics in the most effective and economical mode. Finally, the PLS optimization model of production and storage is presented with an industrial case, and the effectiveness is also demonstrated and analyzed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Macao	0	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Cloud computing,Digital Twin,Edge computing,Fog computing,Production logistics,Synchronization
A Multitasking Genetic Algorithm for Mamdani Fuzzy System with Fully Overlapping Triangle Membership Functions	2020	International Journal of Fuzzy Systems	2020, Taiwan Fuzzy Systems Association.Evolutionary multitasking is an emerging subject in the field of evolutionary computation. By adopting methods to effectively discover and implicitly transfer useful genetic materials from one task to another, it can process multiple optimization tasks simultaneously using one evolutionary calculation. Inspired by the idea of evolutionary multitasking, it can be also used in optimization problems of fuzzy systems (FSs). By exchanging optimization experience and knowledge between different FSs, it is expected to enhance the speed and efficiency of FS optimization and be applied to FS optimization tasks with higher requirement for running time and accuracy of results. Moreover, using the experience and knowledge of simple FSs optimization tasks to facilitate the optimization of complex FSs, it can resolve high time consuming and high cost that triggered by large, complex FSs optimization problems and improve the feasibility of its application in large complex fuzzy control optimization problems. Different from the general multi-task learning, the multi-task learning of FS optimization has its own features. Consequently, based on the thought of evolutionary multitasking and the traits of multi-task learning of FS optimization, a general framework of multitasking genetic fuzzy system (MTGFS) is proposed to effectively solve the multi-task optimization problems of fuzzy systems. A multitasking evolutionary optimization algorithm for Mamdani fuzzy systems with fully overlapping triangle membership functions (FOTMF-M-MTGFS) is also designed and implemented. Comparative studies with genetic fuzzy system (GFS), a single-task optimization algorithm of FSs, indicate that the evolution speed and result of the MTGFS are superior than GFS on average.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Evolutionary multitasking,Fully overlapping triangle membership functions,Mamdani fuzzy system,Multifactorial optimization,Multitasking genetic fuzzy system
Edge Inference for UWB Ranging Error Correction Using Autoencoders	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Indoor localization knows many applications, such as industry 4.0, warehouses, healthcare, drones, etc., where high accuracy becomes more critical than ever. Recent advances in ultra-wideband localization systems allow high accuracies for multiple active users in line-of-sight environments, while they still introduce errors above 300 mm in non-line-of-sight environments due to multi-path effects. Current work tries to improve the localization accuracy of ultra-wideband through offline error correction approaches using popular machine learning techniques. However, these techniques are still limited to simple environments with few multi-path effects and focus on offline correction. With the upcoming demand for high accuracy and low latency indoor localization systems, there is a need to deploy (online) efficient error correction techniques with fast response times in dynamic and complex environments. To address this, we propose (i) a novel semi-supervised autoencoder-based machine learning approach for improving ranging accuracy of ultra-wideband localization beyond the limitations of current improvements while aiming for performance improvements and a small memory footprint and (ii) an edge inference architecture for online UWB ranging error correction. As such, this paper allows the design of accurate localization systems by using machine learning for low-cost edge devices. Compared to a deep neural network (as state-of-the-art, with a baseline error of 75 mm) the proposed autoencoder achieves a 29% higher accuracy. The proposed approach leverages robust and accurate ultra-wideband localization, which reduces the errors from 214 mm without correction to 58 mm with correction. Validation of edge inference using the proposed autoencoder on a NVIDIA Jetson Nano demonstrates significant uplink bandwidth savings and allows up to 20 rapidly ranging anchors per edge GPU.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Belgium	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Autoencoders,edge computing,machine learning,ultra-wideband localization
High-definition map update framework for intelligent autonomous transfer vehicles	2020	Journal of Experimental and Theoretical Artificial Intelligence	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Autonomous transfer vehicles (ATVs) can be considered as one of the critical components of context-aware structured smart factories in Industry 4.0 era. Conventional mapping methods such as grid maps can provide information for navigation, but they are not enough for complex environments that require interactions. On the other hand, high-definition (HD) mapping, which is mainly used in traffic networks, includes more information about an environment to perform excellent autonomous behaviour. In order to increase the efficiency of ATVs in flexible factories, an up-to-date environmental map information is required to perform successful long-term autonomous navigation. Therefore, when there exists a change in the environment, a simultaneous update of HD-map is as important as the creation of it. In this study, we propose an HD-map update methodology for ATVs that operates in smart factories. To the best of our knowledge, HD mapping has not been applied in smart factories. The proposed method includes the object detection and localisation tool to detect objects visually and determines their positions in connection with the conventional maps of the environment. Experimental results of a simulated factory environment demonstrate that the ATV can properly update the HD-map when a predefined sign is removed from or a new sign is added to the environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence	autonomous navigation,autonomous transfer vehicles,HD Map,smart factories
Fuel Economy in Truck Platooning: A Literature Overview and Directions for Future Research	2020	Journal of Advanced Transportation	2020 Linlin Zhang et al.A truck platoon is a set of virtually linked trucks that travel in tandem with small intervehicle distances. Several studies have proved that traveling in platoons can significantly improve fuel economy due to the reduced aerodynamic drag. However, most literature only provides scattered pieces of information regarding fuel economy in truck platoons. Therefore, a literature survey is needed to understand what has been studied and what problems remain to be further addressed. This paper presents an overview of existing studies to illustrate the state of the art about fuel savings for truck platooning. Specifically, it summarized the methodologies, the contributing factors of fuel consumption, the coordination methods to improve the platooning rate, and the look-Ahead control strategies to generate fuel-efficient speed profiles for each vehicle driving in a platoon over different road grades. After that, the autonomous truck platooning was introduced, and we raised and discussed a couple of outstanding questions to be addressed in future work.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	11	Automotive Engineering,Economics and Econometrics,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management	None
A Clutter-Resistant SLAM Algorithm for Autonomous Guided Vehicles in Dynamic Industrial Environment	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.In dynamic and complicated industrial environments, feature-based SLAM based on laser scanner is a popular choice to achieve localization of autonomous guided vehicles. However, there are many clutters and dynamic objects degrading SLAM performance. This paper proposes a clutter-resistant SLAM solution where both point features generated from reflectors and line features are employed to improve SLAM robustness. First, a point feature recognition method based on geometrical characteristics of reflectors is developed to filter out clutters and identify true reflector landmarks; Then a dual-map based map management scheme is proposed for EKF-SLAM to further eliminate both types of fallacious landmarks and enhance its clutter resistance capability. The proposed methods eliminate adverse impact of clutters and thus improve SLAM performance in terms of accuracy, consistency and efficiency. The effectiveness of the proposed clutter-resistant SLAM solution is validated through real-time experiments. The absolute localization error is controlled within 19 mm and 31mm in X-axis and Y-axis respectively. The improved SLAM algorithm is proved to be accurate and efficient enough for practical application in dynamic and complicated industrial environments.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	autonomous guided vehicle,EKF,industrial environment,SLAM
Confidence-Based Hybrid Tracking to Overcome Visual Tracking Failures in Calibration-Less Vision-Guided Micromanipulation	2020	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.This article proposes a confidence-based approach for combining two visual tracking techniques to minimize the influence of unforeseen visual tracking failures to achieve uninterrupted vision-based control. Despite research efforts in vision-guided micromanipulation, existing systems are not designed to overcome visual tracking failures, such as inconsistent illumination condition, regional occlusion, unknown structures, and nonhomogenous background scene. There remains a gap in expanding current procedures beyond the laboratory environment for practical deployment of vision-guided micromanipulation system. A hybrid tracking method, which combines motion-cue feature detection and score-based template matching, is incorporated in an uncalibrated vision-guided workflow capable of self-initializing and recovery during the micromanipulation. Weighted average, based on the respective confidence indices of the motion-cue feature localization and template-based trackers, is inferred from the statistical accuracy of feature locations and the similarity score-based template matches. Results suggest improvement of the tracking performance using hybrid tracking under the conditions. The mean errors of hybrid tracking are maintained at subpixel level under adverse experimental conditions while the original template matching approach has mean errors of 1.53, 1.73, and 2.08 pixels. The method is also demonstrated to be robust in the nonhomogeneous scene with an array of plant cells. By proposing a self-contained fusion method that overcomes unforeseen visual tracking failures using pure vision approach, we demonstrated the robustness in our developed low-cost micromanipulation platform. Note to Practitioners - Cell manipulation is traditionally done in highly specialized facilities and controlled environment. Existing vision-based methods do not readily fulfill the need for the unique requirements in cell manipulation including prospective plant cell-related applications. There is a need for robust visual tracking to overcome visual tracking failure during the automated vision-guided micromanipulation. To address the gap in maintaining continuous tracking for vision-guided micromanipulation under unforeseen visual tracking failures, we proposed a purely visual data-driven hybrid tracking approach. Our proposed confidence-based approach combines two tracking techniques to minimize the influence of scene uncertainties, hence, achieving uninterrupted vision-based control. Because of its readily deployable design, the method can be generalized for a wide range of vision-guided micromanipulation applications. This method has the potential to significantly expand the capability of cell manipulation technology to even include prospective applications associated with plant cells, which are yet to be explored.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Cell manipulation,robot vision systems
Development of a Frequency-Adjustable Tuned Mass Damper (FATMD) for Structural Vibration Control	2020	Shock and Vibration	2020 Huaguo Gao et al.The tuned mass damper (TMD) can be applied to suppress earthquake, wind, and pedestrian- and machine-induced vibration in factory buildings or large span structures. However, the traditional TMD with a fixed frequency will not be able to perform effectively against the frequency variations in multiple hazards. This paper proposed a frequency-adjustable tuned mass damper (FATMD) to solve this limitation of current TMD. The FATMD presented in this paper is composed of a simple assembly consisting of a supported beam with a mass, in which the frequency of the FATMD is changed by adjusting the span of the beam. The kinematic equation of a single degree of freedom (SDOF) structure installed with an FATMD is established to analyze the effect of the damping ratio, mass ratio, and stiffness on the vibration damping. The fundamental frequency of the FATMD at different spans is verified by simulation and experiments. Forced vibration experiments with different excitation frequencies are also conducted to verify the performance of the FATMD. The results show that the proposed FATMD can effectively suppress the vertical vibration of structures at different excitation frequencies, including frequencies at a range higher than what a traditional TMD may not be able to suppress. Additionally, the proposed FATMD is applied to a long-span pedestrian bridge which vibrates frequently due to the walking of pedestrians, the running of escalators, and earthquakes. The numerical results indicate that the FATMD can effectively reduce the vertical vibration of the pedestrian bridge under the excitations of pedestrians, escalators, and earthquakes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Condensed Matter Physics,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	None
Vibration Fracture Mechanism and Optimization Design of Array Power Supply for Near-Space SAR	2020	Shock and Vibration	2020 Changrui Wang et al.The random vibration failure of an array power supply for near-space SAR was analyzed. The fracture mechanism and the fracture reason of fracture formation in the specimen were investigated. The results show that antishock MOS pin breaks first, and the power supply is still in the working state during the process of random vibration. This caused dischargings at the tip of the fracture and melting of the tip of the broken pin which form a river-shaped fracture and granular tissue. The plastic fracture with typical dimple morphology of the pins for the resistor tube occurred during the random vibration. The intergranular fracture appeared at the welding part of the electronic components for array power supply, which presented a brittle fracture mechanism. The fracture was dominated by a ductile fracture for components when the stress produced by the vibration was close to the yield strength of the material. The fracture was dominated by a brittle fracture for components when the stress produced by the vibration was far beyond the yield strength of the material. A simulation evaluation system based on the high-confidence model was proposed. The stress of the electronic components for array power supply and its welding was much lower than the allowable strength of the material by the optimization of the structure and the form of the welding for the array power supply. The sample was successfully tested and verified without any further fracture problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Civil and Structural Engineering,Condensed Matter Physics,Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	None
Hybrid cooperative positioning for vehicular networks	2020	IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology	1967-2012 IEEE.This paper proposes a hybrid cooperative positioning (CP) algorithm suitable for vehicular network applications which can fuse the measurements from global navigation satellites, ground stations, signals of opportunity, inter-node ranging from neighbouring vehicles and onboard inertial navigation systems (INS). By applying the framework of generalized approximate message passing (GAMP), the complex CP problem is transformed into an iterative yet lower computational load process. In each iteration, the time recurrence of navigation states and initialization of GAMP computation are conducted based on Kalman filter. The proposed algorithm guarantees the overall positioning performance of multiple vehicles in a hybrid navigation scenario, and improves the robustness and accuracy of CP navigation systems. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm has better estimation accuracy than traditional CP algorithms, and has 20 times less computational load than the best existing algorithm with equivalent accuracy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Approximate message passing,Cooperative positioning,Kalman filter,Vehicular networks
A novel method to estimate the position of a mobile robot in underfloor environments using RGB-D point clouds	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This paper is focused on the design of a mobile robot whose objective is to apply thermal insulation spray in underfloor voids, to improve the energy efficiency of buildings. Solving robustly the mapping and localization problems is crucial to achieve a high degree of autonomy during the development of this task. Nevertheless, underfloor voids constitute specially challenging environments mainly owing to the extreme unevenness of the terrain and the changes the environment experiences as the insulation process is carried out. Taking these issues into account, this work presents the implementation of the localization module of the robot, which is equipped with a laser scanner and an RGB (Red, Green and Blue) camera. The data captured by both sensors is combined to build point clouds that describe the appearance of the environment. While the robot traverses the a priori unknown environment, several point clouds are built and an alignment between each pair of consecutive clouds is carried out. From this information, the current position of the robot is estimated with respect to the previous one. The method has been tested with several datasets captured in real underfloor environments (building crawl spaces) and under real operating conditions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	3	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Building crawls,global appearance descriptors,localization,point clouds,registration
Meta-heuristic approach for solving multi-objective path planning for autonomous guided robot using PSO–GWO optimization algorithm with evolutionary programming	2020	Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing	2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.As path planning is an NP-hard problem it can be solved by multi-objective algorithms. In this article, we propose a multi-objective path planning algorithm which consists of three steps: (1) the first step consists of optimizing a path by the hybridization of the Grey Wolf optimizer-particle swarm optimization algorithm, it minimizes the path distance and smooths the path. (2) the second step, all optimal and feasible points generated by PSO–GWO algorithm are integrated with Local Search technique to convert any infeasible point into feasible point solution, the last step (3) depends on collision avoidance and detection algorithm, where mobile robot detects the presence of an obstacle in its sensing circle and then avoid them using collision avoidance algorithm. The proposed method is further improved by adding the mutation operators by evolutionary, it further solves path safety, length, and smooths it further for a mobile robot. Different simulations have been performed under numerous environments to test the feasibility of the proposed algorithm and it is shown the algorithm produces a more feasible path with a short distance and thus proves that it overcomes the shortcomings of other conventional techniques.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Computer Science (all)	GWO,Path planning,PSO
Automated risk assessment for material movement in manufacturing Avaliação de risco automatizada para movimentação de materiais na indústria manufatureira	2020	Gestao e Producao	2020 Brazilian Institute for Information in Science and Technology. All rights reserved.Proximity movements between vehicles transporting materials in manufacturing plants, or "interfaces", result in occupational injuries and fatalities. Risk assessment for interfaces is currently limited to techniques such as safety audits, originally designed for static environments. A data-driven alternative for dynamic environments is desirable to quantify interface risks and to enable the development of effective countermeasures. We present a method to estimate the Risk Prioritization Number (RPN) for mobile vehicle interfaces in manufacturing environments, based on the Probability-Severity-Detectability (PSD) formulation. The highlight of the method is the estimation of the probability of occurrence (P) of vehicle interfaces using machine learning and computer vision techniques. A PCA-based sparse feature vector for machine learning characterizes vehicle geometry from a top-down perspective. Supervised classification on sparse feature vectors using Support Vector Machines (SVMs) is employed to detect vehicles. Computer vision techniques are used for position tracking to identify interfaces and to calculate their probability of occurrence (P). This leads to an automated calculation of RPN based on the PSD formulation. Experimental data is collected in the laboratory using a sample work area layout and scale versions of vehicles. Vehicle interfaces and movements were physically simulated to train and test the machine learning model. The performance of the automated system is compared with human annotation to validate the approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Business and International Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	FMEA,Machine learning,Risk assessment,Work safety
Autonomous guided vehicles for smart industries – the state-of-the-art and research challenges	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGVs) are considered to be one of the critical enabling technologies for smart manufacturing. This paper focus on the application of AGVs in new generations of manufacturing systems including: (i) the fusion between AGVs and collaborative robots; (ii) the application of machine to machine communication for integrating AGVs with the production environment and (iii) AI-driven analytics that is focused on the data that is produced and consumed by AGV. This work aims to evoke discussion and elucidate the current research opportunities, highlight the relationship between different subareas and suggest possible courses of action.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	AI-driven analytics,Autonomous Guided Vehicles (AGV),Collaborative robotics,Machine to Machine (M2M) communication
Indoor position detection using smartwatch and beacons	2020	Sensors and Materials	MYU K.K..Nowadays, the number of elderly and other people living alone is increasing. Although living alone allows more independence, it raises the risk of serious or even fatal accidents. To help assist those who live alone, we propose a monitoring system to detect indoor position by using a smartwatch and beacons, which are effective and low cost, easy to install, convenient, and unobtrusive in daily life. Data mining techniques were applied to classify indoor positioning zones. A noise reduction process combining two data smoothing techniques was incorporated. The best model for indoor positioning was chosen from various algorithms and different window sizes of data to achieve the best usage in a real-time classification. Both the number and positioning of beacons were also considered in this research. Various useful screens with easy-to-understand visualizations are provided for monitoring subject behaviors and time spent in certain areas, giving a summary of indoor positioning. Finally, the system allows users to manage indoor positioning by combining the marked spots as zoning areas. The management of different numbers of beacons and their locations is also provided to users.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Thailand	2	Instrumentation,Materials Science (all)	Beacon,Bluetooth Low Energy,Classification,Indoor positioning,Smart home system,Smartwatch
A fuzzy control system for assembly line balancing with a three-state degradation process in the era of Industry 4.0	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The assembly line balancing problem is always explored using the assumption that the processing ability of each workstation is constant. However, the initial workload balance can be easily broken by the changing processing condition of the machines, due to degradation. In the context of Industry 4.0, real-time information related to the machine health state is available. The aim is to improve the performance of the assembly process by making full use of the obtained real-time information. This research is the first exploration of real-time assembly line balancing with the changing health states of machines and the trigger point of adjustments to the assembly line. In this study, a fuzzy control system is developed to determine when to re-balance the assembly line and how to adjust the production rates to smooth the workloads of the workstations. The numerical results show that the assembly line with the proposed fuzzy control system satisfies the demand for most cases, and achieves higher utilisation of machines and lower buffer levels. Therefore, the real-time information brought by Industry 4.0 can be used to improve the performance of an assembly line.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	assembly line balancing,fuzzy control system,Industry 4.0,machine degradation,real-time information
Theory of Ising Machines and a Common Software Platform for Ising Machines	2020	Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference, ASP-DAC	2020 IEEE.Ising machines are a new type of non-Neumann computer that specializes in solving combinatorial optimization problems efficiently. The input form of Ising machines is the energy function of the Ising model or quadratic unconstrained binary optimization form, and Ising machines operate to search for a condition to minimize the energy function. We describe the theory of Ising machines and the present status of the Ising machines, software for Ising machines, and applications using Ising machines.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	None
Logistics sustainability practices: an IoT-enabled smart indoor parking system for industrial hazardous chemical vehicles	2020	International Journal of Production Research	2020,  2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Logistics sustainability practices in industrial cases gain more attention recently especially when transportation efficiency becomes a bottleneck. The research of smart parking develops rapidly especially the thriving of Internet of Things (IoT). In this research, the industrial hazardous chemical vehicle (IHCV) consists of tractor and trailer. The vehicle coupling and decoupling occur frequently in order to fulfil logistics missions. The real-time dynamic indoor location information of both tractors and trailers are of great significance among users. Excessive time and human effort consumed in locating the vehicles lead to the transportation delay and disorderly parking exacerbate congestion inside the indoor parking garage. In this paper, we propose an IoT-enabled smart indoor parking system for logistics vehicles. A self-learning genetic tracking algorithm is developed to ensure the tracking performance. The feasibility and effectiveness of this solution architecture and algorithm are verified in a real-life chemical logistics company. The results show that the proposed algorithm not only performs constant improving location accuracy up to 96.7% after learning but also ensure the long-term use compared to the triangulation method. Moreover, disorderly parking can be identified by location cell partition as to eliminate potential risks. Improved logistics efficiency and lowered congestion situation contribute to the sustainable logistics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	indoor parking,industrial hazardous chemical vehicles,Internet of Things,logistics sustainability,self-learning
Automated Superpixel-borders-guided Deformation Image Registration for Adaptive Radiotherapy	2020	IETE Technical Review (Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers, India)	2020 IETE.Registration between the baseline and follow-up lung computed tomography (CT) volumes plays an important role in computer-aided diagnosis and following-up care during adaptive radiotherapy. Diffeomorphic log-Demons as state of the art in Demons implementations is restricted to relatively small deformations, low accuracy, and ignoring some prior structural features. In this paper, an automated superpixel-borders-guided deformation image registration (SBG-DIR) algorithm is proposed. The proposed SBG-DIR method uses the simple linear iterative clustering (SLIC) algorithm to automated superpixels generation. Incorporation of superpixel borders into registration algorithm is implemented by a new similarity criterion based on the binary volume representation of superpixel borders. The binary volume representation enables accurate preserving motion boundaries, contributes to a faster convergence of the objective function and eliminates errors caused by manual interaction. In addition, a subtraction volume is produced by the intensity difference between the first time point CT volume and its warped follow-up CT volume. The subtraction volume can be used for detection of tumor tissue growth or shrinkage, which is an essential part of a CT-based diagnosis. Moreover, to ensure the topology preservation of biological objects, our proposed SBG-DIR method is implemented in the space of diffeomorphisms, in which meaningful biological shapes can be found. Compared with the state-of-the-art Demons, the proposed SBG-DIR method doesn’t require any additional optimization, yields a faster convergence and is more accurate and efficient in recovering large deformations. Experimental results indicate that the proposed SBG-DIR method performed better than the state-of-the-art Demons algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive radiotherapy,Computed tomography,Deformation image registration,Log-Demons,Subtraction volume,Superpixels
Fault Tolerant Controller Schemes for Single and Multiple Mobile Robots	2020	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd 2020.In this chapter, an actuator fault tolerant controller is developed for both single and multiple differential drive mobile robots. First, a fault tolerant controller is proposed for loss of effectiveness actuator faults in differential drive mobile robots while tracking the desired trajectory. The actuator loss of effectiveness fault is injected on the kinematic equation of the robot as a multiplicative gain in the left and right wheels angular velocity. Accordingly, the goal is to estimate and tolerate the injected actuator faults. A fault diagnosis method based on joint state and parameter estimation scheme is proposed to estimate the actuator loss of effectiveness gains as well as the states of the system. The estimated values of actuator faults are then used in the controller to compensate their effects on the mobile robots performance. Next, the proposed Fault Tolerant Controller (FTC) method is extended for the leader–follower formation control of mobile robots in the presence of actuator fault in a leader and followers robots. An Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) is utilized for each robot to obtain the parameters and states of the system and as the actuator fault is detected in any of the robots, the corresponding controller compensates the fault. Finally, an obstacle avoidance feature is added to the designed actuator fault tolerant controller, for single mobile robot. Toward this goal, a go-to goal controller is designed for the mobile robot to reach the desired destination. Meanwhile, the robot can detect any obstacle with a given color specification using Kinect sensor mounted on the robot and consequently avoid collisions. The efficacy of the proposed FTC framework is demonstrated for both single and multiple mobile robots by real-time simulation and implementation on Qbot-2 from Quanser.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Qatar	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	None
Fault-tolerant design for increasing the reliability of an autonomous driving gear shifting system Projektowanie tolerujące uszkodzenia zwiększające niezawodności systemu zmiany biegów pojazdu autonomicznego	2020	Eksploatacja i Niezawodnosc	2020, Polish Academy of Sciences Branch Lublin. All rights reserved.The reliability of technical systems can be greatly reduced if possible faults cannot be accommodated but lead to system shut-down with sometimes catastrophic consequences. The algorithms and systems of fault-tolerant control were developed in the last years into a powerful tool to accommodate such faults. Additionally, it became obvious that the design of a technical system can ease or hinder the application of these tools and can also lead to the accommodation of faults be itself. This kind of design – fault-tolerant design – and its components are presented in this paper on the example of a shifting system for the gear box an autonomous driving race car. This race car competes in the well-known formula student driverless competition; in such competitions the reliability of the car and the capability to accommodate not avoidable faults is of paramount importance. The different elements of fault-tolerance incorporated in the design of the gear shifting system are explained on the basis of an established model of product concretization.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated gear shifting,Design for reliability,Design methods,Fault-tolerant design
A Novel Real-Time Penetration Path Planning Algorithm for Stealth UAV in 3D Complex Dynamic Environment	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.In recent years, stealth aircraft penetration path planning has been a significant research subject in the field of low altitude combat. However, previous works have mainly concentrated on the path planning for stealth unmanned aerial vehicle(UAV) in 2D static environment. In contrast, this paper addresses a novel real-time path planning algorithm for stealth UAV to realize the rapid penetration, which aims to devise a route penetration strategy based on the improved A-Star algorithm to address the problems of replanning for stealth UAV in 3D complex dynamic environment. The proposed method introduces the kinematic model of stealth UAV and detection performance of netted radar in the process of low altitude penetration. Additionally, POP-UP threats are adopted into three different threat scenarios, which is closer to the real combat environment. Moreover, further combined with the prediction technique and route planning algorithm, the multi-step search strategy is developed for stealth UAV to deal with POP-UP threats and complete the replanning of the route in different scenarios. Furthermore, the attitude angle information is integrated into the improved A-Star algorithm, which reflects the characteristics of the dynamic radar cross section(RCS) and conforms to the actual flight requirements for the stealth UAV. Finally, the improved A-Star algorithm, the sparse A-Star search (SAS), and the dynamic A-Star algorithm(D-Star) are respectively adopted to address the problem of penetration route planning for stealth UAV in three different threat scenarios. Numerical simulations are performed to illustrate that the proposed approach can achieve rapid penetration route planning for stealth UAV in a dynamic threat scenario, and verify the validity of the improved A-Star algorithm which is compared to the other two algorithms	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	A-Star algorithm,dynamic radar cross-section,netted radar,real-time path planning,Stealth unmanned aerial vehicle
Optimal Scheduling of Flexible Manufacturing System Using Improved Lion-Based Hybrid Machine Learning Approach	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Dispatching rules are generally useful for scheduling jobs in flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs). However, the appropriateness of these rules relies heavily on the condition of the system; thus, there is no single rule that always outperforms others. In this state of affairs, diverse machine-learning technology offers an effective approach for dynamic scheduling, as it allows managers to identify the most suitable rule at each moment. Nonetheless, various machine-learning algorithms may provide diverse recommendations. The main objective of this study is to implement FMS scheduling using intelligent hybrid learning algorithms with metaheuristic improvements. The developed model involves three phases: feature extraction, optimal weighted feature extraction, and prediction. After the benchmark datasets for the FMS are gathered, feature extraction is performed using t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding, linear discriminant analysis, linear square regression, and higher-order statistical features. Further, an optimal weighted feature extraction method is developed to select the optimal features with less correlation using the improved lion algorithm (LA), which is called the modified nomadic-based LA (MN-LA). Finally, the optimally selected weighted features are subjected to a hybrid learning algorithm with the integration of a fuzzy classifier and a deep belief network (DBN). For improving the prediction model, the membership function of the fuzzy classifier is optimized using the proposed MN-LA. Moreover, the activation function and the number of hidden neurons in the DBN are optimized using the MN-LA. The main objective of the optimized hybrid classifier is to enhance prediction accuracy. The experimental results indicate the effectiveness of the proposed heuristic-based scheduling method for FMSs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Saudi Arabia	1	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	deep belief network,feature extraction,Flexible manufacturing system,fuzzy classifier,hybrid classifier,modified nomadic-based lion algorithm,optimal weighted feature extraction,prediction,rule scheduling
An approximate nondominated sorting genetic algorithm to integrate optimization of production scheduling and accurate maintenance based on reliability intervals	2020	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	2019 The Society of Manufacturing EngineersWith the development of intelligent manufacturing, production scheduling and preventive maintenance are widely applied in industry to enhance production efficiency and machine reliability. Therefore, according to the different processing states and the physical degradation phenomena of the machine, this paper proposes an accurate maintenance (AM) model based on reliability intervals, which have different maintenance activities in diverse intervals and overcome the shortcoming of the single reliability threshold maintenance model used in the past. Combining the flexible job-shop scheduling problem (FJSP), an integrated multiobjective optimization model is established with production scheduling and accurate maintenance. To strengthen the ability of the evolutionary algorithm to solve the presented model/problem, we propose a novel genetic algorithm, named the approximate nondominated sorting genetic algorithm III (ANSGA-III), which is inspired by NSGA-III. To improve the performance of the Pareto dominance principle, the local search, the elite storage for the original algorithm, the approximate dominance principle, the variable neighborhood search, and the elite preservation strategy are proposed. Then, we employ a scheduling example to verify and evaluate the availability of the above three improved operations and the proposed algorithm. Next, we compare ANSGA-III against five recently proposed algorithms, representing the state-of-the-art on similar problems. Finally, we apply ANSGA-III to solve the integrated optimization model, and the results reveal that the machine can maintain higher availability and reliability when compared to other models in our experiments. Consequently, the superiority of the proposed model based on accurate maintenance of reliability intervals is demonstrated, and the optimal reliability threshold between the yellow and red areas is found to be 0.82.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Accurate maintenance,ANSGA-III,Integrated optimization,Production scheduling,Reliability intervals
Analytical and economic methodology for storage of large heavyweight equipment in industrial processes	2020	Economic Research-Ekonomska Istrazivanja	2020 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Numerous studies concerning warehouse-design methodologies have been performed focused on the storage of products on pallets or of intermediate size and/or moderate weight loads. These studies, however, do not provide with optimal results for industries that work with equipment or objects of uncommon sizes and shapes and with large weights, which are difficult to move and involve high costs and complex operational actions, affecting to the production processes and interfering with the logistic processes or the supply-chain of a company. This study proposes an analytical methodology using economic and technical qualitative criteria that can be applied specifically to large and heavy equipment warehouses. Both quantitative aspects, such as availability and cost of space, and also qualitative considerations, such as flexibility requirements, impact on manufacturing process and risks associated, are evaluated. To determine an optimum implementation solution, several decision-making methods, such as Electra I & II and Analytic Hierarchy Process are employed with due consideration of multiple criteria. The results obtained are modulated and reinforced using a SWOT (strengths-weaknesses, opportunities- threats) and a Risk analysis to verify this single ultimate solution. The said process led to the establishment of a decision-making methodology suitable for any organization possessing large-scale storage systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	1	Economics and Econometrics	C30,C39,C52,C99,D81,decision analysis,L79,logistic warehouse,Multi-criterion analysis,O14,operational-research optimization,warehouse-building design
A Super-Resolution DOA Estimation Method for Fast-Moving Targets in MIMO Radar	2020	Mathematical Problems in Engineering	2020 Song Liu et al.Direction of arrival (DOA) estimation is an essential problem in the radar systems. In this paper, the problem of DOA estimation is addressed in the multiple-input and multiple-output (MIMO) radar system for the fast-moving targets. A virtual aperture is provided by orthogonal waveforms in the MIMO radar to improve the DOA estimation performance. Different from the existing methods, we consider the DOA estimation method with only one snapshot for the fast-moving targets and achieve the super-resolution estimation from the snapshot. Based on a least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO), a denoise method is formulated to obtain a sparse approximation to the received signals, where the sparsity is measured by a new type of atomic norm for the MIMO radar system. However, the denoise problem cannot be solved efficiently. Then, by deriving the dual norm of the new atomic norm, a semidefinite matrix is constructed from the denoise problem to formulate a semidefinite problem with the dual optimization problem. Finally, the DOA is estimated by peak-searching the spatial spectrum. Simulation results show that the proposed method achieves better performance of the DOA estimation in the MIMO radar system with only one snapshot.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Mathematics (all),Engineering (all)	None
Automated and Autonomous Driving in Freight Transport - Opportunities and Limitations	2020	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.The development of mobility has always had a considerable influence on economic, social and political structures. Without efficient transport systems, the industrial revolutions of the last centuries would not have been possible or only to a much lesser extent. With the advancing digitalization and the development of automated and autonomous vehicles, new framework conditions are emerging, which are leading to far-reaching changes in the transport sector. In this contribution, the discussions regarding the existing automated and autonomous vehicles in the field of the main freight transport modes as well as possible developments will be presented and considered in the light of future demand structures.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automated and autonomous driving,Freight transport,Transport modes
A comprehensive review of quay crane scheduling, yard operations and integrations thereof in container terminals	2020	Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal	2020, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.Over the past decades, container transportation has achieved considerable growth, and maritime trade now constitutes 80% of the global trade. The vessel sizes increased in parallel, up to 21,400 TEU (Twenty-foot-equivalent unit container). Accordingly, global containerized trade reached up to 150 million TEU in 2017 (UNCTAD 2018). This growth brings the need to use scientific methods to manage and operate container terminals more economically throughout the globe. In order to manage container transshipment and to use large vessels efficiently, the docking time at the container port for each vessel should be minimized. The decrease in the docking time enables the vessel to move to its next destination faster, decreasing turnover time and facilitating more containers to be transported. Container terminals can be divided into five main areas as the berth, the quay, the storage yard, the transport area, and the gate. The vessels must be berthed in suitable positions, after which many containers have to be unloaded or loaded via quay cranes, transshipped by vehicles inside the terminal, and stacked by yard cranes to suitable positions, all by using expensive equipment. With the invention of new technologies, the bottleneck at the berth side is almost overcome; however, the yard and the quayside operations have to be further perfected to obtain efficient plans. In this comprehensive literature review study, we aim to combine the literature on both yard and quayside operations, carefully examining independently studied problems as well as integrated ones. General information about port operations and relevant literature is provided. For the quayside, the literature on quay crane assignment and scheduling problems is investigated, whereas, for the yard side, yard crane scheduling, transport vehicle dispatching and scheduling, vehicle routing and traffic control, and storage location and space planning problems are reviewed in depth. In addition to these individual problems, their integrations are also analyzed, relevant publications and their respective contributions are explained in detail. Besides the milestone papers that lead the literature on container terminals, recent publications and advances are also reviewed, and managerial insights and future research directions are identified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	2	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Container terminals,Integrated operations,Literature review,Quay and yard operations
Cloud Robotics for Industry 4.0 - A Literature Review	2020	Communications in Computer and Information Science	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Robots in the industry have been used for decades, much before the so-called Fourth Industrial Revolution. They have been incorporated into industrial processes in various ways, for example, with mechanic arms, in assembly processes, welding, and painting, among others. Industrial robots are located in restricted access sites and their space is delimited by means of physical barriers and security measures. In recent years, Industry 4.0 proposes the use robots, able to collaborate with persons, known as collaborative robots or “cobots”. Cobots are characterized by cooperating with human work, sharing the same workspace, and able to respond to simple human-machine interactions. In addition, given the benefits of applying cloud computing in Industry 4.0, research has been conducted in applying such technologies to robots. The approach is known as “cloud robotics” and appears as an emerging topic. The objective of this work is to carry out a systematic literature review of cloud robotics for Industry 4.0, in an attempt to present the state of the art in this field and identify opportunities for future research. From the analysis of the results, we observe an emerging interest in this area, and we identify main technologies applied, research themes, and application areas, as well as a special interest on security and safety aspects.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Argentina	0	Computer Science (all),Mathematics (all)	Big data,Cloud robotics,Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT),Industry 4.0,Internet of Robotics Things (IoRT),Machine learning,Mobile robots←
Gaining strategic insights into Logistics 4.0: expectations and impacts*	2020	Production Planning and Control	2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.The developments brought by Industry 4.0 have spread to various components in a supply chain, where logistics is of utmost importance due to the intermediate role of logistics service providers (LSPs) operating among different actors. Despite such a vital role, the extant literature lacks from the extensive analysis of Industry 4.0 implementations in the logistics industry, particularly for LSPs. Accordingly, this study sets out to investigate, comprehensively, Industry 4.0 projections in logistics and their reflections on LSPs by adopting a multidimensional approach. In this respect, the key themes influenced by Industry 4.0 developments are initially determined through a structured survey conducted in the Turkish logistics industry. Then, in the same industry, both the probabilities and the impacts of Industry 4.0-focused thematic statements are examined through an integrative interview survey, which also incorporates ‘why-type’ of questions. Consequently, this study offers academic implications in terms of demonstrating possible changes in the logistics industry from the operational, financial, and human resources aspects. Additionally, the findings serve as a reference for logistics professionals while fostering their competitive Industry 4.0 initiatives and facilitating their strategic decisions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	0	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Competitive advantage,future projections,Industry 4.0,Logistics 4.0,logistics service providers
A Reinforcement Learning Approach to Dynamic Scheduling in a Product-Mix Flexibility Environment	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Machine bottlenecks, resulting from shifting and unbalanced machine loads caused by resource capacity limitations, impair product-mix flexibility production systems. Thus, the knowledge base (KB) of a dynamic scheduling control system should be dynamic and include a knowledge revision mechanism for monitoring crucial changes that occur in the production system. In this paper, reinforcement learning (RL)-based dynamic scheduling and a selection mechanism for multiple dynamic scheduling rules (MDSRs) are proposed to support the operating characteristics of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) and semiconductor wafer fabrication (FAB). The proposed RL-based dynamic scheduling MDSR selection mechanism consisted of initial MDSR KB generation and revision phases. According to various performance criteria, the presented approach yields a system performance that is superior to those of the fixed-decision scheduling approach, the machine learning classification approach, and the classical MDSR selection mechanism.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	dynamic scheduling,machine learning,Manufacturing execution system,Q-learning,reinforcement learning
Prediction of the remaining useful life for components of automated processes	2020	Studies in Systems, Decision and Control	2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.This chapter explains a strategy for scheduling in assembly systems, which is based on an innovative algorithm for the estimation of the state of the battery of vehicles in automated processes. The chapter includes descriptions of the underlying research, the sample application, the state of the art in the concerned areas, the estimation of the battery state, the prognosis of the remaining useful life, the predictive control of the assembly system and the verification of the developed approach as well as the results of this verification.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Germany	0	Computer Science (miscellaneous),Control and Systems Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Social Sciences (miscellaneous),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (miscellaneous),Control and Optimization,Decision Sciences (miscellaneous)	None
Green supply chain performance and environmental sustainability: A panel study Rozwój zrównoważony w zielonym łańcuchu dostaw: Studium panelowe	2020	Logforum	Wyższa Szkoła Logistyki, Poznań, Polska.Background: The objective of this research is to identify the relationship between green logistics operations, national economic and environmental indicators in a panel of 42 selected global ranked logistics countries over the period from 2007 to 2018. The study aims to expand the domain of green logistics from the micro/firm level to the macro level. Methods: This research paper has used a summary OLS (Ordinary Least Squares) method to test hypotheses. From 2007 to 2018, data panels for 42 countries were downloaded from the World Bank website. Results: The findings of this study indicate that in selected panel countries, the green logistics business has a positive and statistically significant relationship with foreign direct investment inflows, renewable energy consumption, and energy demand. On the other hand, there is a significant negative correlation between CO2 emissions and green logistics. In addition, foreign direct investment and renewable energy are the driving factors of the green logistics business and also promote environmental sustainability. Conclusions: This research paper provides insights into the relationship between green logistics operations and economic and environmental sustainability. In addition, the scope of this research paper is much broader than previously published research papers, in which researchers discovered the relationship between green logistics and corporate performance. However, this research paper focuses on the macro level to understand the link between green logistics and national size indicators.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Management Information Systems,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	CO2 emissions,Environmental sustainability,Green logistics operations,Green Supply chain management,Renewable energy sources
Developing distributed manufacturing strategies from the perspective of a product-process matrix	2020	International Journal of Production Economics	2019 Elsevier B.V.In today's highly competitive global business landscape, customers demand personalised products and responsive distribution systems, hence fuelling the concept of Distributed Manufacturing (DM) as a paradigm that suggests the geographical distribution of manufacturing systems adjacent to the markets enable ‘production on demand’. To this end, the objective of this research is to explore the DM concept to inform firms about the dynamically changing manufacturing environment, along with the emerging opportunities, and support business stakeholders in implementing DM-oriented strategies to achieve digitalisation, personalisation, and localisation. More specifically, the present research builds upon the Dynamic Capability Theory (DCT) and conducts semi-structured interviews with a panel of 16 experts from the Fast-Moving Consumer Goods, Automotive, and Engineering industries to develop 12 exploratory industry cases. Our analysis highlights three strategies that companies can adopt to implement DM and realise shorter lead times and personalised product offerings, namely: (i) small-scale DM; (ii) in-house decoupled manufacturing; and (iii) outsourced decoupled manufacturing. However, the economic viability of the DM concept is identified as a significant barrier to relinquish the traditional centralised economies-of-scale. This research contributes by applying the DCT to the DM concept to advocate the viability and sustainability of manufacturing systems in the era of Industry 4.0. Pertaining to the originality of this research, limited work is available on the applicability of DM in industries, from the DCT perspective, to accomplish competitive advantages in the dynamic environment of manufacturing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	10	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Digitalisation,Distributed manufacturing,Dynamic capability theory,Localisation,Personalisation,Product-process matrix
A review on carrier aircraft dispatch path planning and control on deck	2020	Chinese Journal of Aeronautics	2020 Chinese Society of Aeronautics and AstronauticsAs an important part in sortie/recovery process, the dispatch of carrier aircraft not only affects the sortie/recovery efficiency and safety, but also has severe influence on the carrier's combat efficiency and the comprehensive support capability. Path planning is the key to improve the efficiency and safety during the dispatch process. The main purpose of this paper is to propose a comprehensive investigation of techniques and research progress for the carrier aircraft's dispatch path planning on the deck. Three different dispatch modes of carrier aircraft and the corresponding modeling technologies are investigated, and the aircraft's dispatch path planning techniques and algorithms have been classified into different classes. Moreover, their assumptions and drawbacks have been discussed for single aircraft and multiple aircraft. To make the research work more comprehensive, the corresponding tracking control methodologies are also discussed. Finally, due to the similarity of path planning problem between the carrier aircraft's dispatch and those in other fields, this paper provides an exploratory prospect of the knowledge or method learned from other fields.	Journal	j	re	Review	China	1	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Carrier aircraft,Dispatch,Kinematic model,Path planning,Path tracking
Autonomous vessels: state of the art and potential opportunities in logistics	2020	International Transactions in Operational Research	2020 The Authors. International Transactions in Operational Research  2020 International Federation of Operational Research SocietiesThe growth in technology on autonomous transportation systems is currently motivating a number of research initiatives. This paper first presents a survey of the literature on autonomous marine vessels in general. By identifying the main research interests in this field, we define 10 thematic categories. The collected articles are then classified according to these categories. We show that research on autonomous vessels has increased dramatically in the past decade. However, most of the published articles have focused on navigation control and safety issues. Studies regarding other topics, such as transport and logistics, are very limited. Although our main interest is the literature on autonomous vessels, we contrast its development with respect to the literature on autonomous cars so as to have a better understanding about the future potentials in the research on autonomous vessels. The comparison shows that there are great opportunities for research about transportation and logistics with autonomous vessels. Finally, several potential research areas regarding logistics with autonomous vessels are proposed. As the technology behind remote-controlled or autonomous ships is maturing rapidly, we believe that it is already time for researchers in the field to start looking into future water-borne transport and logistics using autonomous vessels.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	2	Business and International Management,Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation	autonomous ship,autonomous surface vehicle,survey,unmanned surface vehicle
A Survey on Robust Deadlock Control Policies for Automated Manufacturing Systems with Unreliable Resources	2020	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	2004-2012 IEEE.Deadlock is a rather undesirable case in automated manufacturing systems (AMSs). The appearance of deadlock can cause the partial or total stagnation of a system. So far, a large number of deadlock control policies have been developed; nevertheless, the majority are dependent on the assumption that allocated resources cannot break down. In the real world, an AMS consists of a set of concurrent production routes that share and compete for a limited number of resources, such as automated material/component handling devices, buffers, robots, and machines. Resource failures occur unexpectedly. If reasonable control does not exist, a simple resource failure can lead an entire system to stagnation, which can cause enormous economic loss. Therefore, researchers have gradually paid attention to AMSs allowing resource failures in recent years. In this paper, we focus on reviewing and comparing various robust supervisory control policies from the perspective of their structural complexity, behavioral permissiveness, and computational complexity. Some potential future directions are explored. This paper provides a reference source of robust supervisory control of AMSs for researchers and practitioners in this area. Note to Practitioners - In automated manufacturing systems (AMSs), resource failures are common. Their occurrences can lead a system to stagnation, which can cause unnecessary downtime and bring vast economic loss for enterprises. To resolve such stagnation issues, a great number of robust supervisory control policies have been proposed for AMSs with unreliable resources. These policies guarantee that a controlled system can continue to progress without deadlock and blocking states even if some unreliable resources fail to work. By a thorough review of existing robust supervisory control policies for AMSs with unreliable resources, this paper compares and analyzes these policies in terms of their structural complexity, behavioral permissiveness, and computational complexity. The goal of this paper is to provide a reference source in the area to help researchers and practitioners choose a suitable method for solving industrial application problems that are subject to resource failures.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated manufacturing system (AMS),deadlock control,resource failure,robust supervisory control
A systematic literature review of innovative technologies adopted in logistics management	2020	International Journal of Logistics Research and Applications	2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.Many innovative technologies have been successfully adopted in logistics and supply chain management processes to increase efficiency, reduce costs or enhance communication. In recent years, considerable attention from both practitioners and academics has been focused on evaluating the impacts of innovative technologies adoption. However, the current body of literature on technology adoption, implementation and evaluation in logistics is quite fragmented; thus, an updated and structured overview of the scientific literature in this field might be useful. To this end, this work presents a systematic literature review (SLR) that aims to increase the understanding of the trend toward new technologies in logistics and identify the main research trends and gaps. The principal research trends that emerged from the SLR involve the technologies, their evolution over time and their relationships with the research methodologies. The main literature gaps concern integration and communication, technology-adoption processes and differences between inbound and outbound logistics.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	0	Management Information Systems,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	industry 4.0,Innovative technologies,logistics management,supply chain,systematic literature review
A review on honeypot-based botnet detection models for smart factory	2020	International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications	Science and Information Organization.Since the Swiss Davos Forum in January 2017, the most searched keywords related to the Fourth Revolutionary Industry are AI technology, big data, and IoT. In particular, the manufacturing industry seeks to advance information and communication technology (ICT) to build a smart factory that integrates the management of production processes, safety, procurement, and logistics services. Such smart factories can effectively solve the problem of frequent occurrences of accidents and high fault rates. An increasing number of cases happening in smart factories due to botnet DDoS attacks have been reported in recent times. Hence, the Internet of Thing security is of paramount importance in this emerging field of network security improvement. In response to the cyberattacks, smart factory security needs to gain its defending ability against botnet. Various security solutions have been proposed as solutions. However, those emerging approaches to IoT security are yet to effectively deal with IoT malware, also known as Zero-day Attacks. Botnet detection using honeypot has been recently studied in a few researches and shows its potential to detect Botnet in some applications effectively. Detecting botnet by honeypot is a detection method in which a resource is intentionally created within a network as a trap to attract botnet attackers with the purpose of closely monitoring and obtaining their behaviors. By doing this, the tracked contents are recorded in a log file. It is then used for analysis by machine learning. As a result, responding actions are generated to act against the botnet attack. In this work, a review of literature looks insight into two main areas, i.e. 1) Botnet and its severity in cybersecurity, 2) Botnet attacks on a smart factory and the potential of the honeypot approach as an effective solution. Notably, a comparative analysis of the effectiveness of honeypot detection in various applications is accomplished and the application of honey in the smart factories is reviewed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Malaysia	0	Computer Science (all)	Botnets,Detection,Honeypot,IoT,Model,Security,Smart factory
Multi-Layer, Multi-Segment Iterative Optimization for Maritime Supply Chain Operations in a Dynamic Fuzzy Environment	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.This study aims to develop a multi-layer, multi-segment iterative optimization algorithm for the operations of a single agent, which can be either a container in a distribution system, an automated guided vessel in a transport network or a vessel in a maritime environment with obstacles. It can be applied to several kinds of problems such as route optimization, path planning, project management, port operations, efficiency of an automated guided vessel, and unmanned vessels. All required qualitative and quantitative concerns (length, energy consumption, economic factors, safety issues, etc.) can be embedded to the system. Relevant data are based on crisp and/or fuzzy values. This model works well in an environment with different sectors. Each sector has its unique characteristics such as different number of options and multiple factors that can be cost and/or benefit.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Norway	0	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	Fuzzy sets,MCDM,operations research,optimization algorithm,supply chain network
Modeling the enablers of supply chain strategies and information technology: improving performance through TISM approach	2020	VINE Journal of Information and Knowledge Management Systems	2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.Purpose: This study aims to investigate the hierarchical relationship between industry-specific attributes of supply chain (SC) strategies and information technology (IT) to improve the performance of firms in textile industry in Pakistan. Design/methodology/approach: This study presents a mix of enablers through literature review and experts’ opinions. Next, the driving and dependence powers of enablers were identified, using the interpretive structural modeling (ISM) approach. Findings: The ISM model suggests eight levels, with customer satisfaction at the top of the model. Process automation and TQM are placed at second and third level, respectively, whereas flexible sourcing and flexible capacity are positioned at fourth level. The key enablers of IT have high driving power, hence positioned at the bottom of ISM model. Originality/value: This study has value for firms in garment manufacturing and exporting industry to invest into IT and sustainable SC design for competitive performance. The theoretical and managerial implications are provided.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Information Systems,Computer Networks and Communications,Library and Information Sciences,Management of Technology and Innovation	Competitive performance,Information technology,ISM,IT capability,Supply chain strategy,Textile industry
Research trends on fuzzy logic controller for mobile robot navigation: A scientometric study	2020	Journal of Automation, Mobile Robotics and Intelligent Systems	2020, Industrial Research Institute for Automation and Measurements. All rights reserved.The present study shows the scientometric analysis of the publications on the fuzzy logic controller in autonomous mobile robot navigation during the period 2000 to 2018. The data is collected using Web of Science core collection database and analyzed at various levels such as Web of Science categories, publication years, document types, funding agencies, authors, research areas, countries or region, control terms, and organization to evaluate the research patterns. An extensive study is done to find the research trends in this area.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Artificial Intelligence	Autonomous Mobile Robot Navigation,Fuzzy Logic Controller,Optimized Fuzzy Controller,Type-2 Fuzzy logic
Future Trends and Current State of Smart City Concepts: A Survey	2020	IEEE Access	2013 IEEE.Intelligent systems are wanting for cities to cope with limited spaces and resources across the world. As a result, smart cities emerged mainly as a result of highly innovative ICT industries and markets, and additionally, they have started to use novel solutions taking advantage of the Internet of Things (IoT), big data and cloud computing technologies to establish a profound connection between each component and layer of a city. Several key technologies congregate to build a working smart city considering human requirements. Even though the smart city concept is an advanced solution for today's cities, recently, more living spaces should be discovered, and the concept of a smart city could be moved to these alternative living spaces, namely floating cities. The concept of a floating city emerged as a novel solution due to rising sea levels and land scarcity in order to provide alternative living spaces for humanity. In this article, our main research question is to raise awareness on the current state of smart city concepts across the world by understanding the key future trends, including floating cities, by motivating researchers and scientists through new IoT technologies and applications. Therefore, we present a survey of smart city initiatives and analyze their key concepts and different data management techniques. We performed a detailed literature survey and review by applying a complex literature matrix including terms, like smart people, smart economy, smart governance, smart mobility, smart environment, and smart living. We also discuss multiple perspectives of smart floating cities in detail. With the proposed approach, recent advances and practical future opportunities for smart cities can be revealed.	Journal	j	re	Review	Czech Republic	3	Computer Science (all),Materials Science (all),Engineering (all)	floating cities,IoT,Smart city,survey
