How to include User eXperience in the design of Human-Robot Interaction	2021	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	2020 Elsevier LtdIn recent years Human-Robot Collaboration (HRC) has become a strategic research field, considering the emergent need for common collaborative execution of manufacturing tasks, shared between humans and robots within the modern factories. However, the majority of the research focuses on the technological aspects and enabling technologies, mainly directing to the robotic side, and usually neglecting the human factors. This work deals with including the needs of the humans interacting with robots in the design in human-robot interaction (HRI). In particular, the paper proposes a user experience (UX)-oriented structured method to investigate the human-robot dialogue to map the interaction with robots during the execution of shared tasks, and to finally elicit the requirements for the design of valuable HRI. The research adopted the proposed method to an industrial case focused on assembly operations supported by collaborative robots and AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles). A multidisciplinary team was created to map the HRI for the specific case with the final aim to define the requirements for the design of the system interfaces. The novelty of the proposed approach is the inclusion of typically interaction design tools focusing in the analysis of the UX into the design of the system components, without merely focusing on the technological issues. Experimental results highlighted the validity of the proposed method to identify the interaction needs and to drive the interface design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Human Factors,Human-Robot Collaboration,Human-Robot Interaction,Industrial Ergonomics,User eXperience
Scheduling automated guided vehicles in very narrow aisle warehouses	2021	Omega (United Kingdom)	2020 Elsevier LtdIn this paper, we study the scheduling of storage and retrieval of unit loads from very narrow aisles using automated guided vehicles (AGVs). As AGVs cannot pass each other in the aisles, sequencing the aisle access is essential. We propose two access policies, present multiple complexity results and formulate MIP models. We then present a large neighborhood search that produces solutions within less than 2.5% of the optimum solution on average in a short amount of time for instances with hundreds of jobs. We use our heuristic to derive insights into the best access policy, number of AGVs, as well as the optimal layout of very narrow aisle warehouses.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	2	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Automated guided vehicles,Large neighborhood search,Order picking,Very narrow aisles,Warehousing
A Switchable-LCL-Circuit-Based IPT System with High Efficiency for Reefer Containers	2021	IEEE Transactions on Power Electronics	1986-2012 IEEE.To get rid of plug-in/out actions for automatic wharves, a switchable-LCL-circuit (SLC) based inductive power transfer system is proposed to improve efficiency for reefer container wireless charging. As we knew, the power requirement of a reefer container only hits a few operation points, and each operation point is in corresponding to an individual resistance point (IRP). Therefore, the system efficiency can be improved by altering the IRPs into the optimal load resistance (OLR). The idea of this letter is to use the SLC to create multiple efficiency-load curves, then to regulate the peak points of the curves approaching the IRPs by reconfiguring the compensation parameters. Finally, a prototype was built to validate the performance of the proposed approach. The experimental results show that with the SLC, both the IRPs 20 and 160 Ω can be transformed into the OLR 55 Ω; the proposed system can gain the system efficiency >92.4% at the IRPs (20 Ω, 259.2 W) and (160 Ω, 32.4 W).	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Efficiency optimization,inductive power transfer (IPT),LCL circuit
The forgotten sons: Warehousing systems for brick-and-mortar retail chains	2021	European Journal of Operational Research	2020 Elsevier B.V.Warehouses are an inevitable component in any supply chain and a vividly investigated object of research. Much attention, however, is absorbed by warehousing systems dedicated to the special needs of online retailers in the business-to-consumer segment. Due to the ever increasing sales volumes of e-commerce this focus seems self-evident, but a much larger fraction of retail sales are still realized by traditional brick-and-mortar stores. The special needs of warehouses servicing these stores are focused in this paper. While e-commerce warehouses face low-volume-high-mix picking orders, because private households tend to order just a few pieces per order from a large assortment, distribution centers of retail chains rather have to process high-volume-low-mix orders. We elaborate the basic requirements within both business segments and identify suited warehousing systems for brick-and-mortar stores (e.g., fully-automated case picking). The setup of each identified warehousing system is described, elementary decision problems are discussed, and the existing literature is surveyed. Furthermore, we identify future research needs.	Journal	j	re	Review	Germany	0	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Logistics,Retail chains,Survey,Warehousing
Deep learning approach for automated guided vehicle system	2021	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021.Automated guided vehicles system (AGVS) is a new logistics problem area, and the most demanded in terms of performance in view of the exponential growth of product traffic in the world. The present paper aims to to propose a new approach, to deal with AGVS problems, based on deep reinforcement learning algorithms, as an alternative to classic methods. Indeed, the classical approaches are based on a pre-established policy of vehicle movement rules, while our method deduces the movement rules based on trial/error reinforcement learning approach, and effectively gives good results in relatively small moving areas and a limited number of agents.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Morocco	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Artificial intelligence,Automated guided vehicles system,Deep learning,Multi-agents system,Reinforcement learning
Meta-model based simulation optimization for automated guided vehicle system under different charging mechanisms	2021	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	2020 Elsevier B.V.With improved efficiencies, auto-guided vehicle (AGV) systems have developed rapidly and matured technologically in recent years. This research presents meta-model based two-stage simulation optimization for AGV systems with charging mechanisms. The optimal settings of the AGV system for the design and operational levels are proposed. Input data are collected from a real production environment. To develop the simulation model, several designs of the AGV system are developed and validated. This study aims to determine the number of required AGVs for the design-level simulation in the context of fixed guide-path constraints. For the operation-level issues, the charging system, positioning, and dispatching and routing rules for the AGV system are determined for the second-stage simulation. A factorial experiment is conducted using simulation models with different charging systems, in which output data are used to construct the metamodels. By applying global metamodel-based optimization, the obtained responses on the AGV utilization and throughput are optimized. Subsequently, a desirability approach is applied to optimize these responses. The proposed study is expected to provide a practical model for real application, facilitate the evaluation of policies prior to making decisions, and improve the efficiency of the AGV systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Auto-guided vehicle system,Charging system,Meta-model,Simulation,Simulation optimization
A Review on IoT-Based Hybrid Navigation System for Mid-sized Autonomous Vehicles	2021	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2021, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.Internet of things (IoT) widens the existing notion of the Internet and is considered as the most illustrious modern research technology that associates physical objects to the digital sphere. In industrial scenario, multidimensional applications are developed based on Internet like the Internet of nano-things (IoNT), Internet of everything (IoE), machine to machine (M2M), Web of things (WoT), ubiquitous sensor network (USN), and wireless sensor network (WSN); all these respective fields are closely related to each other. Industrial automation uses IoT solutions that can drive new assets. For solving problems, increasing productivity, and enhancing operations, IoT helps to create new technology. IoT-enabled systems are streamlined and create various system architectures that is responsive, effective, and affordable. Automation in respect of the transport of materials and goods within industry or manufacturing unit is improved with an advance in technology demands a fast, reliable and efficient transport with onboard sensing for better time management and enhanced accuracy the industrial systems recently inclined towards the latest technology based means of automation. The world changes with various online and offline channels and services customer preferences have evolved forcing companies to reduce order to delivery time. The sheer number and blend of orders mean that warehouses are under increasing pressure to deliver the items as soon as possible. Here, all conventional rigid warehouse automation fails to meet respective field needs. Flexible automation is the single appropriate solution for storehouses to precede a competing convenience. This paper explores the existing state of IoT-enabled technologies and their multifaceted strength in the field of factory automation and mainly focuses on the concept of hybrid navigation in automated guided vehicles (AGV’s)/mid-sized autonomous vehicles.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automated guided vehicles (AGV’s),Hybrid navigation,Internet of Everything (IoE),Internet of nano-things (IoNT),IoT,Ubiquitous sensor network (USN)
Simulation model and performance evaluation of battery-powered AGV systems in automated container terminals	2021	Simulation Modelling Practice and Theory	2020 Elsevier B.V.The use of battery power is becoming widespread rapidly among the mega ports worldwide, owing its low emission and high energy efficiency. In this paper, a simulation approach is presented to configure the charging stations (CSs) and battery-powered automated guided vehicles (B-AGVs) at automated container terminals. The facility planning of the CSs and the operation strategies of the B-AGVs are crucial for the system performance of the terminal. A port system is modeled as a discrete event simulation model, mainly consisting of three parts: vessel generator, dispatcher, and traffic network. Two types of layout designs and two types of recharging policies are presented, to deploy the CSs and control the B-AGVs to be recharged, respectively. Extensive simulation experiments are conducted to analyze the parameter effects on the system performance. The results indicate that a decentralized CS layout and a progressive recharging policy lead to excellent performance. Some management insights are offered to gain a better understanding of the key factors when deploying a B-AGV system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Hardware and Architecture	Battery-powered AGV,Charging stations,Simulation model,System performance
Control of Industrial AGV Based on Reinforcement Learning	2021	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV) suffer degradation in their electro-mechanical components which affect the navigation performance over time. The use of intelligent control techniques can help to alleviate this issue. In this work a new approach to control an AGV based on reinforcement learning (RL) is proposed. The space of states is defined using the guiding error, and the set of control actions provides the reference for the velocities of each wheel. Two different reward strategies are implemented, and different updating policies are tested. Simulation results show how the RL controller is able to successfully track a complex trajectory. The controller has been compared with a PID obtaining better results.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV),Control,Q-learning,Reinforcement learning
Design and Analysis of ASRS Using AGV for Rapid Inventory Storage System	2021	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2021, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.Non-competitive market pricing is easy to use and maintain but it is a major issue in automated guided vehicles (AGVs) that are available in the current market. Space is a very valuable commodity in urban areas. The current AGV available in the market needs optimization and is specifically designed for one particular form of storage system. In order to reduce the complexity of the system, hard locating method approach is used. Hard locating is a process that assists the operator in avoiding mistakes. In this work, an AGV for rapid inventory storage system is proposed. The AGV consists of a 5-degrees of freedom (DOF) robotic arm with a two-fingered gripper is used for picking and placing the boxes. The gripper is equipped with a piezoelectric sensor to sense the size of the object. By using this approach, the existing rack can be used without much alteration. This system has the capability to increase the utilization of the warehouse. This paper presents an optimized automated storage and retrieval system (ASRS) with the help of AGV with reduced cost and complexity.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automated guided vehicle,Automated storage and retrieval system,Piezoelectric sensor,Warehouse optimization
Motion control for caterpillar vehicles using a mimo robust servo controller	2021	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021.This paper proposes a MIMO robust servo controller design for Mobile Robots as Caterpillar Vehicles with an external disturbance to track desired linear displacement and orientation references using a linear shift invariant differential (LSID) operator. To do this tasks, the followings are done. Firstly, MIMO modeling of the Caterpillar Vehicle is presented. Secondly, by operating the LSID operator to the state space model and the output error vector, a new extended system and a new control law are obtained. Thirdly, a proposed MIMO robust servo controller for the given the Caterpillar Vehicle is designed by using the pole assignment approach. Fourthly, by applying the inverse LSID operator, a servo compensator and a control law for the MIMO system are obtained. Finally, in order to verify the effectiveness of the proposed MIMO robust servo controller, the simulation results are shown. The simulation results show the good tracking performance of the proposed MIMO robust servo controller under as a step type of external disturbance and step types of linear displacement and angular reference signals. This simulation results of the proposed MIMO robust servo controller are compared with the adaptive backstepping control method proposed by P.S. Pratama in 2013. The proposed MIMO robust servo controller shows the faster and better tracking performance than the that adaptive backstepping control method.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Caterpillar Vehicle,External disturbance,LSID,MIMO,Mobile robot,Robust servo controller
Trajectory Tracking Control of a Caterpillar Vehicle	2021	Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems	2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.This paper presents the experimental results of the tracking control of a Caterpillar Vehicle. The proposed scheme involves three steps: 1, building a model of a Caterpillar Vehicle system with two wheeled vehicle; 2, apply back stepping control method for trajectory tracking of the Caterpillar Vehicle; 3, The model reference adaptive control (MRAC) technique is used to design a controller that ensure the stability of the system. The MRAC technique is used to design a controller that is able to address the effects caused by changes in the desired trajectory reference. The MRAC controller is first evaluated using computer simulations which show that the controller is able to effectively respond to changes in the desired trajectory. The simulation results compare the quality of the two controllers using the back stepping control method and MRAC when the desired trajectory is Straight or curved line. Based on the comparison results, MRAC is proposed to track the desired trajectory.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Viet Nam	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	Back stepping,MRAC,Trajectory tracking
Kinematics of 2-DOF AGVs with Differential Driving Wheels and Caster Wheels Modeling	2021	CISM International Centre for Mechanical Sciences, Courses and Lectures	2021, CISM International Centre for Mechanical Sciences.Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) are increasingly used in the industry for a wide variety of applications such as goods handling and manufacturing. Under the assumption of no slipping and no skidding, the kinematic model does not involve any geometric parameter of caster wheels. However, when the vehicle is carrying heavy loads not well distributed on it, the interaction between caster and driving wheels become significant, and needed to be taken into account. As a first step, this paper proposes a mathematical model based on the kinematics in order to predict the behavior of caster wheels. Simulation results show good prediction of caster wheel orientations in some scenarios relative to the dynamic model of the Webots simulator.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Canada	0	Modeling and Simulation,Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Caster wheel,Differential wheel,Kinematic modeling
Multi-sensor information fusion for Internet of Things assisted automated guided vehicles in smart city	2021	Sustainable Cities and Society	2020 Elsevier LtdSmart transportation is one of the important factor in the smart city environment because it enhance the citizen lives style and improving the sustainability. Driverless Automatically guided vehicles rely on environmental information for performing target-oriented movements and navigation. Handling multiple information from the environment is a complex task though, these information are necessary for improving the realization of these vehicles. Therefore, considering the significance of sensor data in this guided vehicle environment, this article introduces Responder-dependent Additive Information Fusion (RAIF) scheme. This scheme observes the responding sensor information for determining the achievement level of the target endorsed for the guided vehicle. The multi-instance sensor information is gathered from the Internet of Things (IoT) based connected devise. The timely responding sensors and its data are correlated with the previous history for improving the precision of navigation of the guided vehicles. This scheme relies on classification machine learning for identifying remitting and un-remitting instances based on correlation for information fusion. This helps to identify the error causing sensor information and to mitigate them from fusion to improve the precision of achieving the target.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Saudi Arabia	0	Geography, Planning and Development,Civil and Structural Engineering,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Transportation	Guided vehicles,Information fusion,Internet of Things,Machine learning,Smart city
Automated CNC Programming by the Restricted Boltzmann Machine Algorithm	2021	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2021, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.The computer numerical control (CNC) machine is efficiently used for the mass production of jobs with high accuracy and precision. The CNC machines perform the required machining operation according to the machining program developed by its user. In this paper, a machine learning algorithm namely restricted Boltzmann machines algorithm (RBM) and deep belief network (DBN) is used for the automatic development of machining codes for machining operation on a CNC machine. The DBN is known as unsupervised, layered greedy pre-training. The algorithm captures the information for the required machining operation to be performed and thereafter generate different options of machining program automatically on the basis of the machine intelligence. The MATLAB platform is used to implement the algorithm so as to determine the position and other parameters of machining operations and generate the machining codes automatically. It is observed that the RBM can be successfully used for the automatic development of CNC machining programs for real-time machining of jobs on the CNC machining centers. The automatically developed machining codes are tested on CNC simulator called CNC TRAIN.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Artificial intelligence,CNC programming,Machining data,Restricted Boltzmann machine
Sensor Fusion for Automotive Dead Reckoning Using GPS and IMU for Accurate Position and Velocity Estimation	2021	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2021, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.In recent years, detecting the position of the vehicle is an important task. The goal of detecting the position of the vehicle can be achieved using Global Positioning System (GPS) technology by getting approximate position data of the ego-vehicle. For better and accurate positioning, automotive dead-reckoning can be used. Automotive dead-reckoning (ADR) technology is a high-end navigation system. In this paper, an ADR is used to calculate the position based on the distance and direction of the vehicle traveled from the last known location. This gives an accurate estimation of the 3-axis position and velocity components based on vehicle data retrieved from GPS and Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) sensor. ADR not only allows full coverage in indoor car parking, tunnels, and underpasses but also effectively eliminates the impact of multipath effects in urban canyons. The vehicle is incorporated with sensors that record wheel rotation along with the steering direction and the sensors are allowed to take continuous measurements with the help of the last known location. The position and velocity shall be corrected even if quality GPS data is available. In case of partial GPS blockage, the estimation shall be done with different strategy/weightage factors. In case of complete GPS blockage, the prediction shall continue for some approximation time, with the help of vehicle and IMU sensor data. Finally, various experiments are conducted using Kalman filter and extended Kalman filter, and the prediction results are found to be satisfactory.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	ADR,IMU,Kalman filter,Navigation system,Prediction,PS
A new approach for multi-agent reinforcement learning	2021	Advances in Intelligent Systems and Computing	Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2021.The classical approach of reinforcement learning for single agent is based on the concept of reward that comes only from the environment. By trial-and-error, the agent has to learn to maximize its total accumulated reward. Several algorithms and techniques were developed for a single agent reinforcement learning. Our purpose is to benefit from all done work in reinforcement learning of an agent and extend it to multi-agent system. we have proposed a new approach that is based on the following idea: Communication or cooperation of a team can be achieved through mutual reinforcement of agents, that means agents can give and receive rewards from other agents and not only from the environment. The goal of each agent is to maximize the global accumulated reward received from environment and from other agents. We treat the multi-agent system as a unique entity. We define, state, action of the system and the value of each state with respect to the global policy of the system.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Morocco	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science (all)	Artificial intelligence,Control theory,Markov decision process,Markov game,Multi-agent system,Reinforcement learning
A multi-time scale management structure for airport ground handling automation	2021	Journal of Air Transport Management	2020 Elsevier LtdThe sustainability of air travel relies on proper and timely aircraft ground handling at airports. This research proposes a ground handling management structure which allows the automation of operations to face the growing demand for this service. It is shown how at operations level, information exchange with the airport collaborative decision-making system turns possible on-line fleet assignment to ground handling tasks. This is done by designing different heuristics for assignment of fully automated or semi-automated vehicles to ground handling tasks. Numerical results for an actual airport are presented to illustrate the potential performance of automated ground handling operations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Switzerland	0	Transportation,Strategy and Management,Management, Monitoring, Policy and Law,Law	Aircraft ground handling,Airport ground operations,Automation,Fleet assignment problem,Fleet management,Ground handling innovation
Determination of Kinematic Control Parameters of Omnidirectional AGV Robot with Mecanum Wheels Track the Reference Trajectory and Velocity	2021	Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems	2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Nowadays, in order to save the floor space of the production workshops, the mecanum wheels have been applied to the design of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) robot to create highly flexible and omnidirectional AGV robot. Omni-directional robotic platforms have vast advantages over a conventional design in terms of mobility in congested environments. These environments are commonly found in factory workshops offices, warehouses, hospitals and elderly care facilities. To be able to control these robots in any given trajectory, it is necessary to set up the kinematic control parameters. The paper presents the method of establishing the kinematic equation of omnidirectional robots by the centre of instantaneous velocity, thereby determining the control parameters of AGV robot following a reference trajectory. In addition, the authors also designed the robot’s motion trajectories using the NURBS curve to solve the robot’s trajectory planning problem according to different application scenarios of modern industrial production.	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Viet Nam	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications	AGV robot,Kinematic of AGV,NURBS curve,Omnidirectional mecanum wheel,Trajectory design
Reducing redundant association rules using type-2 fuzzy logic	2021	Studies in Computational Intelligence	2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.Data mining (DM) is an analysis extensive data in order to gain the novel and hidden information. DM is vital to research domains like statistics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and soft computing. Association Rule Mining (ARM) in enormous databases is a fundamental topic of DM. Discovering frequent itemsets are an underlying process in ARM. Frequent itemsets are employed using statistical measures like Support (Sup) and Confidence (Conf). ARM is practiced to produce association rules (ARs) from frequent itemsets. Such rules reveal a connection between items in the actual world. Numerous algorithms have submitted to attain these rules. However, such algorithms suffer from troubles of redundancy and a sizable count of derived ARs, which renders algorithms inefficient and renders it complicated for end-users to grasp created rules. Due to these motives, this paper adopts the type-2 fuzzy association rules mining technique (T2FARM) to attain frequent items, locate all relationships among items and AR which fulfill minimum support (min sup) and minimum confidence (min conf) values in addition to prune redundant rules in. Empirical evaluations display that the proposed technique improves redundant rules pruning of DM compared to traditional fuzzy association rules (FARs).	Book Series	k	ch	Chapter	Egypt	0	Artificial Intelligence	Apriori algorithm,Association rule,Redundancy of fuzzy association rules,Type-2 fuzzy linguistic
Assessing Port Congestion Using Ship Movement Data: A Case Study of Tianjin Port	2021	Lecture Notes in Civil Engineering	2021, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.In this paper, a full year (2012) of pilot and traffic data is used to perform an analysis of the vessel traffic movements for Tianjin port. The results will include the berth-to-berth vessel movements, occupancy time of berths as well as the utilisation rate of terminals. This study has identified that berth utilisation in Tianjin port is inconsistent, ranging from 1% occupancy to 88% occupancy over the year. These results will be used to inform further research on policy and planning alternatives to reduce emission burdens and optimise port operations, therefore to improve the efficiency and safety of port operation.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Civil and Structural Engineering	Port characteristic,Port performance,Real data heuristic study,Tianjin port
Evaluation of material handling using mcdm techniques: A case study	2021	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd 2021.Choosing the best possible Material Handling Equipment (MHE) is a significant assignment in MSEs due to the extensive capital involved. There are numerous substantial and impalpable factors affecting the selection process of appropriate MHE. Multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) has been observed to be a helpful way to deal with and break down these clashing components. The assessment of MHE alternatives from different criteria and the weight of these different criteria are normally communicated in various ways. This paper proposes an MCDM strategy for assessment and selection of MHE type for small-scale industry in Punjab. Two-phase is used for getting weights to different criteria and for their ranking enabling us to get more reliable results required for the selection of suitable MHE. Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) and Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) are utilized to compute the priority weightage and ranking of alternates, respectively. Selection of the most appropriate MHE is our objective while taking into account the tangible and intangible criteria.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	India	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Decision-making,MHE selection,Ranking
Develop Trajectory Tracking Controller for 4WS Vehicle	2021	Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering	2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.This paper applies two trajectory tracking controllers for four-wheel independent steering system (4WS) vehicle. For increase the tracking performance those two controller use vehicle position and orientation as a controller input. And the control output is vehicle linear velocity and vehicle angular velocity. And each wheels steering angel and velocity is calculated from vehicle linear velocity and vehicle angular velocity. For the zero-sideslip steering maneuver, first calculate the instantaneous center of rotation (ICR) position, and using the ICR position the wheel steering angle is calculated. It makes the vehicle can put the ICR position in everywhere on the plant. And it means the vehicle is capable of carrying out all moves on a plane. The conformity determination is made using MATLAB/Simulink software.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Backstepping method,Four-wheel independent steering vehicle,Trajectory tracking,U-model
Order allocation, rack allocation and rack sequencing for pickers in a mobile rack environment	2021	Computers and Operations Research	2020 Elsevier LtdIn this paper we investigate the problem of simultaneously allocating orders and mobile storage racks to static pickers. Here storage racks are allocated to pickers to enable them to pick all of the products for the orders that have been allocated to them. Problems of the type considered here arise in facilities operating as robotic mobile fulfilment systems. We present a formulation of the problem of allocating orders and racks to pickers as an integer program and discuss the complexity of the problem. We present two heuristics (matheuristics) for the problem, one using partial integer optimisation, that are directly based upon our formulation. We also consider the problem of how to sequence the racks for presentation at each individual picker and formulate this problem as an integer program. We prove that, subject to certain conditions being satisfied, a feasible rack sequence for all orders can be produced by focusing on just a subset of the orders to be dealt with by the picker. Computational results are presented, both for order and rack allocation, and for rack sequencing, for randomly generated test problems (that are made publicly available) involving up to 1000 products, 200 orders, 500 racks and 10 pickers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Integer programming,Inventory management,Mobile storage racks,Order picking,Partial integer optimisation,Rack sequencing,Robotic mobile fulfilment systems
Survey on New Trends of Robotic Tools in the Automotive Industry	2021	Lecture Notes in Mechanical Engineering	2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.In the last decade, industrial robotics sector has known an evolution at level of its technological platform, especially with the appearance of Industry 4.0, therefore we are entering a new era of automation where intelligent production and digital factories produce increasingly complex and high-volume quality products with less human effort. The automotive industry which is already revolutionizing the transition to electric cars has to deal with the change in construction and the tools used to produce them. The use of evermore collaborating intelligent robots with machines and humans of smart manufacturing and assembly lines represents a new level of development in automation. This article provides an overview of the latest tools, directions and intelligent methods available today in this area, from virtual reality to wearable machine intelligence devices for human-driven systems, all the while focusing on robotic applications. Describes the latest industry trends in each field, by highlighting detection systems designed to achieve security, response speed, detection completeness, and reliability, introducing security vision systems of robotic systems, ultrasonic and laser sensors and their efficiency issues. In the final stage, the paper will compare the state of the art in automotive robotics by analyzing the development of leading car manufacturers in Europe, the United States and the Far East.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Hungary	0	Automotive Engineering,Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Fluid Flow and Transfer Processes	Automotive industry,Collaborating intelligent robots,Industrial robotics,Industry 4.0,Smart manufacturing
An Adaptive Deep Learning Framework for Shipping Container Code Localization and Recognition	2021	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	1963-2012 IEEE.Shipping containers play an important role in global transportation. As container codes are the unique identifiers for shipping containers, recognizing these codes is an essential step to manage the containers and logistics. The conventional code localization methods can easily be interfered by varied noises and cannot identify the best regions for code recognition. In this article, we propose an adaptive deep learning framework for shipping container code localization and recognition. In the framework, the noisy text regions will be removed by an adaptive score aggregation (ASA) algorithm. The code region boundaries are identified by the average-to-maximum suppression range (AMSR) algorithm. Thus, the predicted locations can be adjusted within this range to fit the code recognition model to achieve higher accuracy. The experimental results on the comparative study with the state-of-the-art models, including EAST, PSENet, GCRNN, and MaskTextSpotter, demonstrated that the proposed framework achieved better localization performance and obtained 93.33% recognition accuracy. The processing speed reaches 1.13 frames/s, which is sufficient to meet the operational requirements. Thus, the proposed solution will facilitate the digital transformation of shipping container management and logistics at ports.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	0	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive container code localization and recognition,convolutional neural network (CNN),deep learning,end-to-end text recognition,recurrent neural network (RNN),text detection
Impact of digital transformation on the automotive industry	2021	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	2020 Elsevier Inc.Digital technologies are transforming the automotive industry and disrupting traditional business models. New business opportunities related to Industry 4.0 are emerging, so companies must adapt to the new environment. The study presents an application of fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA) to analyze the future impact of digital transformation on business performance models and the different actors’ satisfaction. A wide range of aspects and actors derived from the digital transformation process in the automotive industry are considered. The study covers connected and autonomous driving, mobility as a service, digital information sources in car purchasing, big data, etc. The disruptive effect of the gradual introduction of electric vehicles into the market is also considered, which is boosted by environmental policies on climate change and directives for the potential use of renewable energy sources to power electric vehicles. On the other hand, the study analyses the impacts of digital transformation on the automotive industry from the point of view of different actors, ranging from automobile manufacturers, service providers, public transportation providers, and consumers to governments. The methodology has been successfully applied to a complex case study‐based empirical analysis. It presents a novel application of fsQCA to digital transformation in the automotive industry in Spain. The conclusions show that it is necessary to invest in adequate measures for adaptation to digital transformation, and manufacturers will end up having greater profits, productivity, and competitiveness. From the point of view of consumers, there will be access to more and better services and greater satisfaction with the required services.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	0	Business and International Management,Applied Psychology,Management of Technology and Innovation	Automotive industry,Competitiveness,Digital transformation,FsQCA,Greenhouse gas emissions,Productivity
Semi-automatic data annotation guided by feature space projection	2021	Pattern Recognition	2020Data annotation using visual inspection (supervision) of each training sample can be laborious. Interactive solutions alleviate this by helping experts propagate labels from a few supervised samples to unlabeled ones based solely on the visual analysis of their feature space projection (with no further sample supervision). We present a semi-automatic data annotation approach based on suitable feature space projection and semi-supervised label estimation. We validate our method on the popular MNIST dataset and on images of human intestinal parasites with and without fecal impurities, a large and diverse dataset that makes classification very hard. We evaluate two approaches for semi-supervised learning from the latent and projection spaces, to choose the one that best reduces user annotation effort and also increases classification accuracy on unseen data. Our results demonstrate the added-value of visual analytics tools that combine complementary abilities of humans and machines for more effective machine learning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Brazil	0	Software,Signal Processing,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Autoencoder-neural networks,Data visualization,Interactive data annotation,Semi-supervised learning,Unsupervised feature learning
Use-stage life cycle greenhouse gas emissions of the transition to an autonomous vehicle fleet: A System Dynamics approach	2021	Journal of Cleaner Production	2020 Elsevier LtdAutonomous vehicles are predicted to enter the commercial passenger vehicle market soon. Being a new technology, there is significant uncertainty surrounding its performance, adaptations by users, and influence on the wider transport and energy systems. In this uncertainty are several possibilities for autonomous vehicle technology to underdeliver on its promise of safety, efficiency, and flexibility; and, instead, become a net burden on society. The aim of this study is to develop insights into the medium- and long-term impacts of autonomous vehicles adoption on the use-stage greenhouse gas emissions. In the study, a System Dynamics approach was applied to develop a stock-and-flow model that simulates the technological intervention of replacing a conventional vehicle with an autonomous vehicle under scenarios related to vehicle adoption, induced vehicle demand, vehicle fleet turnover, vehicle ownership, vehicle efficiency, and the energy-supply greenhouse gas intensity. The results indicate that the internal-combustion-engine vehicle fuel efficiency and the electricity-supply greenhouse gas intensity have the largest influence on decreasing greenhouse gas emissions, but that the benefits can be negated by inefficient autonomous vehicles and induced demand. Based on these insights, recommendations to manufacturers include minimising energy consumption and adopting low-greenhouse gas vehicle technologies. Recommendations to governments include managing vehicle travel speeds, incentivising ride-sharing, and continuing support of renewable electricity supply. Shared recommendations include co-planning and preparing for data collection and reporting by autonomous vehicles, themselves, to support the facilitation of a low-greenhouse gas transition. The suggested future work focusses on developing the model, possibly in conjunction with other methods and tools, to support further exploration of other greenhouse gas emitting processes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Australia	0	Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment,Environmental Science (all),Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automation,Driverless cars,Fuel efficiency,Greenhouse gas emissions,Renewable energy,Sustainability
