Automated guided vehicle system programming	2001	Shanghai Jiaotong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Shanghai Jiaotong University	Based on the effect of dispatching rule and traffic management method on system performance, a mathematical model was put forward, with which the number of vehicles that an AGVS needs can be easily evaluated. Furthermore, the impact of different factors on the number of AGV can be directly perceived through the model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	Automated guided vehicle system (AGVS),System programming,Traffic management,Vehicle dispatching
A dispatching algorithm for multiple-load AGVS using a fuzzy decision-making method in a job shop environment	2001	Engineering Optimization	This paper proposes a dispatching algorithm for automated guided vehicles (AGV) with multiple-load capacity operating in a job shop environment. At each dispatching point, the algorithm prioritizes all move requests based on the fuzzy urgency which is determined by the fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making method. Then, the algorithm selects a set of requests under the restriction of target dispatching time interval. Through simulation, the performance of the proposed algorithm is compared with several dispatching algorithms in terms of system throughput in a hypothetical job shop environment.  2001 OPA (Overseas Publishers Association) N.V. Published by license under the Gordon and Breach Science Publishers imprint.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	10	Computer Science Applications,Control and Optimization,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Automated guided vehicle systems,Dispatching,Fuzzy decisions,Multiple-load capacity
Conflict-free AGV routing in bi-directional network	2001	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper deals with the problem of conflict-free routing of a set of AGVs moving on a bi-directional guide-path. We propose a robust predictive method of routing without conflicts. Our approach consists of adding a layer of real time control to the method proposed by Kim et al.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	20	Engineering (all)	None
Coupling local search methods and simulated annealing to the job shop scheduling problem with transportation	2001	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper addresses the job and device scheduling problems in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) using an Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVs) by simultaneously dealing with material processing and transportation functions. The problem is solved using a two stage iterative approach which includes optimization and computer simulation. An iterative procedure is developed here. At the first stage, a metaheuristic determines an Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) schedule, i.e. the order in which the job transfers by AGVs are made. At the second stage, a discrete event simulation model is used to evaluate the makespan depending on the AGVs schedule. This evaluation is used by the metaheuristic to improve the initial AGVs schedule. Finally the iterative procedure determines jobs and AGVs schedules which minimize the makespan (the schedule length). The investigated metaheuristics are based on iterated local search method (ILS) and simulated annealing (SA). An efficient neighboring system used inside metaheuristic schemes is proposed. Our approach is numerically tested under different experimental conditions.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	3	Engineering (all)	AGV,Flexible manufacturing system,Local search methods,Metaheuristics
Factors affecting the integration of co-ordinate measuring machines in automated manufacturing cells	2001	Laser Metrology and Machine Performance V	When planning to use a co-ordinate measuring machine (CMM) in an automated manufacturing cell there are many factors that must be considered that are not a part of the normal stand-alone use of CMMs. Ignorance of these factors can seriously compromise the successful implementation of the whole cell. This paper outlines some of the potential problems and suggests some workable solutions.	Book	b	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Engineering (all)	None
Agent-based Petri net models for AGV management in manufacturing systems	2001	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	In this paper, the problem of managing and controlling automatic guided vehicles (AGV) in manufacturing shop floor systems is addressed. In such systems, resources are connected through a network of paths that are limited-capacity shared resources as, in general, two or more AGVs cannot use the same section at the same time. The proposed approach makes use of the integration between a multi-agent system (MAS) and Petri nets (PNs). The behaviour and the interactions among AGVs, path sections, and all other resources in the shop floor system are represented by means of Petri nets, whereas agents handle decisional activities. Two architectures are proposed: in the first, decisional agents are associated with path sections (path agents) whereas in the second scheme decisional agents are AGVs themselves (AGV agents).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	Automatic guided vehicles,Manufacturing systems,Multi-agent systems,Petri nets
Modeling and simulation research of material handling automatic system based on Petri Net	2001	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao/Acta Simulata Systematica Sinica	This paper briefly introduces research status of material handling automatic system, analyses a AGVS of cigarette-packing workshop of tobacco trade based on Petri Net theory, models it with Petri Net, and simulates it The result of simulation indicates that model constructed is reasonable and effective.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Material handling automatic system,Petri Net,Simulation
A case study of rotating sonar sensor application in unmanned automated guided vehicle	2001	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	A single rotating sonar element is used with a restricted angle of sweep to obtain readings to develop a range map for the unobstructed path of an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV). A Polaroid ultrasound transducer element is mounted on a micromotor with an encoder feedback. The motion of this motor is controlled using a Galil DMC 1000 motion control board. The encoder is interfaced with the DMC 1000 board using an intermediate IMC 1100 break-out board. By adjusting the parameters of the Polaroid element, it is possible to obtain range readings at known angles with respect to the center of the robot. The readings are mapped to obtain a range map of the unobstructed path in front of the robot. The idea can be extended to a 360 degree mapping by changing the assembly level programming on the Galil Motion control board. Such a system would be compact and reliable over a range of environments and AGV applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Short-range, unmanned air vehicle system development at Cranfield	2001	Aircraft Engineering and Aerospace Technology	In the mid-1990s Cranfield began work on a programme to develop a short-range, unmanned air vehicle system for surveillance use. The basic aim of the work was to prove the technologies to provide real time reconnaissance imagery of ground targets to operators having the minimum of skills in air vehicle operations. Cranfield was able to bring a wide range of proven skills to the programme in the areas of airframe and control system design, mathematical modelling and real time simulation plus system integration and flight trials. All of these contributed to the work described here. The programme led to the demonstration of a complete "Observer" system, including the new Cranfield A3 air vehicle, which met the requirements for a robust, simple to operate system for providing the imagery information required without the need to master the complexities of the technologies deployed to provide it.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	2	Aerospace Engineering	Aircraft industry,Automated guided vehicles,Control systems,Guidance systems,Real time,Simulation
Simulation of a group of mobile vehicles	2001	Proceedings of the International Conference on Systems Science	The motion control problem of a group of AGVs is investigated. Two control subproblems are distinguished: motion control of individual vehicles and co-ordination of their movement to avoid collisions. As the coordinator a knowledge-based pattern recognition algorithm is applied. Foundations for computer simulation are introduce as well as the description of the simulation system is given. The influence of different parameters on the computational time and efficiency of the control algorithm proposed is verified during computer simulation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	0	Engineering (all)	Knowledge-based systems,Manufacturing systems,Movement control,Pattern recognition,Simulation
On the Risk of Quiet Vehicles to Pedestrians and Drivers	2001	Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society	Technology has enabled the mass production of hybrid and electric vehicles. Interest in these alternative-energy vehicles has been heightened due to air quality concerns in urban areas. However, these vehicles are capable of very quiet operation, which could have negative side effects on pedestrian and driver safety because of the lack of sound cues. A survey of 380 people was conducted to explore interest and concerns about electrically powered vehicles. The data show that there is substantial positive interest in driving quiet hybrid and electric cars. However, in the role of pedestrian, participants expressed concern over the reduced auditory cues to the presence of a moving vehicle. Implications of quiet vehicles are discussed including the additional consideration of reduced driver awareness of their speed. Precautionary measures and suggestions for effective engine noise substitutes are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	18	Human Factors and Ergonomics	None
A practical bottleneck detection method	2001	Winter Simulation Conference Proceedings	This paper describes a novel method for detecting the bottleneck in a discrete event system by examining the average duration of a machine being active for all machines. The machine with the longest average uninterrupted active period is considered the bottleneck. The method is widely applicable and also capable of analyzing complex and sophisticated systems. The results are highly accurate, distinguishing between bottleneck machines and non-bottleneck machines with a high level of confidence. This approach is very easy to use and can be implemented into existing simulation tools with little effort, requiring only an analysis of the log file which is readily available by almost all simulation tools. This method satisfies not only academic requirements with respect to accuracy but also industry requirements with respect to usability.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	79	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Chemical Health and Safety,Applied Mathematics	None
Quadratic Assignment Problems and M/G/C/C/ State Dependent Network Flows	2001	Journal of Combinatorial Optimization	One of the most notorious network design problems is the Quadratic Assignment Problem (QAP). We develop an heuristic algorithm for QAPs along with an M/G/C/C state dependent queueing model for capturing congestion in the traffic system interconnecting the nodes in the network. Computational results are also presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Computer Science Applications,Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics,Control and Optimization,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Applied Mathematics	Quadratic assignment,Stochastic networks
A new sensor for triangulation measurement of AGV attitude and position	2001	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	This work discusses the working principle and mechanical details of a new scanning transducer for angle measurement between IR modulated emitters placed in known positions. The system can be used for position estimation of AGVs inside structured environments. Position is computed by triangulation. The advantage of the proposed transducer is that, having approximately the same accuracy of the commonly widespread laser system, it makes use of active targets, which allow a further degree of freedom: height for target installation. In other words, coplanarity between targets and plane of scanning is no longer required (as in the case of laser beams). Consequently, target visibility may be achieved even in the case of bulky machinery placed inside the factory environment. Repeatability error in angle estimation is ±47 arcseconds, which means that positional accuracy in a square 10 m room is ±2 mm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Angle measurement,Critical angle prism,Triangulation techniques
Architecture using Jini technology for simulation of an agent-based transportation system	2001	Winter Simulation Conference Proceedings	This paper describes an architecture for the simulation of a transportation system that uses agent technology to deliver people and goods from their origins to their destinations. The intent of the architecture is to analyze incremental changes to the existing transportation paradigm to determine what type of system we could plan for in the future. Each entity within the system that has computational power is simulated as an agent. This architecture is useful for experimenting with many different algorithms and strategies for improving transportation systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Chemical Health and Safety,Applied Mathematics	None
Navigation and localization for service mobile robots based on active beacons	2001	Systems Science	In this paper, we discuss the problem related to a reference scenario in which Service Mobile Robots must be able to operate within human populated environments for carrying out different tasks, focusing in particular on navigation and localization issues. We present an approach that relies on a beacon-based positioning system and ultrasonic sensors in order to carry out safe localization and navigation throughout different areas of large and complex buildings. The localization system uses active beacons (i.e., active transponders distributed throughout the building) as reference points; the estimate of the position of the robot and of its uncertainty, both retrieved by correcting the estimate provided by odometry through an Extended Kalman Filter, are fed to navigation system in order to help the robot to plan and execute target-oriented navigation tasks while showing a reactive behaviour to handle the unpredictability of the environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Machine scheduling with transportation considerations	2001	Journal of Scheduling	In most manufacturing and distribution systems, semi-finished jobs are transferred from one processing facility to another by transporters such as automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and conveyors, and finished jobs are delivered to customers or warehouses by vehicles such as trucks. Most machine scheduling models assume either that there are an infinite number of transporters for delivering jobs or that jobs are delivered instantaneously from one location to another without transportation time involved. In this paper, we study machine scheduling problems with explicit transportation considerations. Models are considered for two types of transportation situations. The first situation involves transporting a semi-finished job from one machine to another for further processing. The second appears in the environment of delivering a finished job to the customer or warehouse. Both transportation capacity and transportation times are explicitly taken into account in our models. We study this class of scheduling problems by analysing their complexity. We show that many problems are computationally difficult and propose polynomial or pseudo-polynomial algorithms for some problems. Copyright  2001 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	259	Software,Engineering (all),Management Science and Operations Research,Artificial Intelligence	None
Autonomous navigation and localization in service mobile robotics	2001	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	In this paper we address the problem of autonomous navigation and localization in indoor environments, by referring in particular to the specific scenario of Service Mobile Robotics applications. The localization system uses active beacons (i.e. active transponders distributed throughout the building) as reference points; the estimate of the position of the robot and its uncertainty, both retrieved by correcting the estimate provided by odometry through an Extended Kalman Filter, are fed to the navigation system in order to help the robot to plan and execute target-oriented navigation tasks while showing a reactive behavior to handle the unpredictability of the environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Obstacle avoidance during aerial inspection of power lines	2001	Aircraft Engineering and Aerospace Technology	Gives an overview of a research programme that aims to apply machine vision for guiding a small, unmanned helicopter during inspection of overhead electrical distribution lines. Briefly discusses the background and requirements for aerial inspection of power lines and states the advantages of using a remotely piloted vehicle (RPV). Identifies the main obstacle to the use of RPVs in this application as the "see and avoid" principle, which arises from regulatory requirements; it is the underlying motivation for the work described here, Machine vision and automated path planning offer a potential solution. Gives a brief tutorial of the principles involved and describes research in image processing and rapid path planning aimed at detecting and avoiding obstacles in the airspace of a small RPV. Also presents experimental results from a laboratory test rig which was constructed to assess the methods.	Journal	j	re	Review	United Kingdom	21	Aerospace Engineering	Aerospace engineering,Air transport,Automated guided vehicles,Development,Inspection
Operational scheduling for rough mills using a virtual manufacturing environment	2001	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Studies were carried out to show the feasibility of creating an integrated operational scheduling system that uses a distributed systems environment consisting of multi-agent technologies, 3D discrete event simulation, and relational databases. Hence, a foundation was laid for the research, development, and integration of future technologies transforming the initial decision support system into an intelligent decision making system for the manufacture of defect sensitive products.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	13	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	None
Lateral/directional control for an autonomous, unmanned airship	2001	Aircraft Engineering and Aerospace Technology	Project AURORA aims at the development of an unmanned airship capable of autonomous flight over user-defined locations for aerial inspection and imagery acquisition. Presents a guidance control strategy for the trajectory path following of the AURORA airship, where the objective is to make the vehicle follow a set of pre-defined points. The guidance strategy is based on a path tracking error generation methodology that takes into account both the distance and the angular errors of the airship with respect to the desired trajectory. The guidance system is composed of a path tracking guidance controller (as outer loop) and a heading controller (as inner loop), using the rudder deflection. Also proposes an additional roll controller, using the aileron input, in order to reduce rolling oscillations during yaw maneuvering and due to atmospheric turbulence.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	8	Aerospace Engineering	Air transport,Automated guided vehicles,Control
Fuzzy control of electrohydraulic steering systems for agricultural vehicles	2001	Transactions of the American Society of Agricultural Engineers	This paper presents the development of a fuzzy steering controller for wheel-type agricultural vehicles with an electrohydraulic (E/H) steering system. The fuzzy controller, which consisted of a variable fuzzifier, an inference engine with a steering control rulebase, and a control signal defuzzifier, was developed based on a common-sense model of agricultural vehicle steering. The controller implemented steering corrections based upon the desired steering rate and the error between the desired and the actual wheel angles. Test results indicated that this controller could be used on vehicles with similar steering actuating mechanisms. Limited tuning on fuzzy membership functions was used to account for physical differences between vehicles. This fuzzy controller achieved prompt and accurate steering performance on both a hardware-in-the-loop electrohydraulic steering simulator and on an agricultural tractor. The adoption of this fuzzy controller can significantly reduce the time and costs in the design of steering controllers for agricultural vehicles.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	32	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (miscellaneous)	Agricultural vehicles,Electrohydraulic system control,Fuzzy control,Steering control
Recent developments in the application of computational intelligence to multi-agent manufacturing control	2001	IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems	This paper surveys some recent approaches using Computational Intelligence (namely Fuzzy Logic and Evolutionary Algorithms) for manufacturing system control. In particular, the paper focuses on approaches oriented toward the Multi-Agent System design paradigms. Furthermore, this paper summarizes the results of a simulation comparison between two fuzzy multi-agent architectures for job flow control, differing for the degree of interactions between agents, on a detailed case study that was recently proposed in literature to benchmark distributed multi-agent control approaches.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	8	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	None
Vibrating potential field for large scale scheduling problem	2001	International Journal of Smart Engineering System Design	Large-scale combinatorial optimization has a practical requirement. However, the combinatorial explosion has prevented finding a solution for such large-scale problems such as the well-known NP hard problem. The NP hard problem has been caused by the multi-bodies problem. This paper proposes a transition technique from the multi-bodies problem into a two-body problem. The proposed technique is the so-called vibrating potential field (VPF). The VPF is a computation framework for an interaction of multi-processors, and it consists of field techniques and conservation techniques of processors' states. This paper shows the details of VPF and some difficulties of using such a field technique. Multi-bodies show the fundamental function of VPF attractive and repulsive interactions through computation. The computation also shows a possibility of VPF for Job Shop Scheduling Problem with a parallel tasks problem and Travelling Salesman Problem of 10,000 over a city's problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Software	Combinatorial explosion,Job shop scheduling,Optimization,Potential method,Swarm intelligence,Traveling salesman problem,Vibrating potential field
Four Payment Models for the Multi-Mode Resource Constrained Project Scheduling Problem with Discounted Cash Flows	2001	Annals of Operations Research	In this paper, the multi-mode resource constrained project scheduling problem with discounted cash flows is considered. The objective is the maximization of the net present value of all cash flows. Time value of money is taken into consideration, and cash in- and out-flows are associated with activities and/or events. The resources can be of renewable, nonrenewable, and doubly constrained resource types. Four payment models are considered: lump sum payment at the terminal event, payments at prespecified event nodes, payments at prespecified time points and progress payments. For finding solutions to problems proposed, a genetic algorithm (GA) approach is employed, which uses a special crossover operator that can exploit the multi-component nature of the problem. The models are investigated at the hand of an example problem. Sensitivity analyses are performed over the mark up and the discount rate. A set of 93 problems from literature are solved under the four different payment models and resource type combinations with the GA approach employed resulting in satisfactory computation times. The GA approach is compared with a domain specific heuristic for the lump sum payment case with renewable resources and is shown to outperform it.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	56	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	Discounted cash flow,Payment models,Project scheduling,Resource constraints
Learning-based scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems using case-based reasoning	2001	Applied Artificial Intelligence	A common method of dynamically scheduling jobs in Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs) is to employ dispatching rules. However, the problem associated with this method is that the performance of the rules depends on the state of the system, but there is no rule that is superior to all the others for all the possible states the system might be in. It would therefore be highly desirable to employ the most suitable rule for each particular situation. To achieve this, this paper presents a scheduling approach that uses Case-Based Reasoning (CBR), which analyzes the system's previous performance and acquires "scheduling knowledge," which determines the most suitable dispatching rule at each particular moment in time. Simulation results indicate that the proposed approach produces significant performance improvements over existing dispatching rules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	10	Artificial Intelligence	None
Perception and remembrance of the environment during real-time navigation of a mobile robot	2001	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	This paper deals with the advantages of incorporating cognition and remembrance capabilities in a sensor-based real-time navigation algorithm. The specific features of the algorithm apart from real-time collision avoidance include spatial comprehension of the local scenario of the robot, remembrance and recollection of such comprehended scenarios and temporal correlation of similar scenarios witnessed during different instants of navigation. These features enhance the robot's performance by providing for a memory-based reasoning whereby the robot's forthcoming decisions are also affected by its previous experiences during the navigation apart from the current range inputs. The environment of the robot is modeled by classifying temporal sequences of spatial sensory patterns. A fuzzy classification scheme coupled to Kohonen's self-organizing map and fuzzy ART network determines this classification. A detailed comparison of the present method with other recent approaches in the specific case of local minimum detection and avoidance is also presented. As for escaping the local minimum barrier is concerned this paper divulges a new system of rules that lead to shorter paths than the other methods. The method has been tested in concave, maze-like, unstructured and altered environments and its efficacy established.  2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	44	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Fuzzy ART,Local minimum,Memory,Mobile robot,Real-time navigation,Self-organizing map (SOM),Spatio-temporal reasoning
Integration of expert system with analytic hierarchy process for the design of material handling equipment selection system	2001	Journal of Materials Processing Technology	A key task in the material handling system design process is the selection and configuration of equipment for material transport and storage in a facility. Material handling equipment selection is a complex, tedious task, and there are few tools other than checklists to assist engineers in the selection of appropriate, cost-effective material handling equipment. This paper describes the development of an intelligent material handling equipment selection system called material handling equipment selection advisor (MHESA). The MHESA is composed of three modules: (1) a database to store equipment types with their specifications; (2) a knowledge-based expert system for assisting material handling equipment selection; and (3) an analytic hierarchy process (AHP) model to choose the most favorable equipment type. The concept proposed in this paper can automate the design of a material handling equipment selection system, and provides artificial intelligence in the decision-making process.  2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	80	Ceramics and Composites,Computer Science Applications,Metals and Alloys,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analytic hierarchy process,Expert system,Material handling system
Optimizing cutting parameters in process planning of prismatic parts by using genetic algorithms	2001	International Journal of Production Research	The determination of optimal cutting parameters, such as the number of passes, depth of cut for each pass, cutting speed and feed, which are applicable for assigned cutting tools, is one of the vital modules in process planning of metal parts, since the economy of machining operations plays an important role in increasing productivity and competitiveness. The present paper introduces a 'system software' developed to optimize the cutting parameters for prismatic parts. The system is mainly based on a powerful artificial intelligence (AI) tool, called genetic algorithms (GAs). It is implemented using C programming language and on a PC. It can be used as stand alone system or as the integrated module of a process planning system called OPPS-PRI (Optimized Process Planning System for PRIsmatic parts) that was also developed for prismatic parts and implemented on a vertical machining centre (VMC). With the use of GAs, the impact and power of AI techniques have been reflected on the performance of the optimization system. The methodology of the developed optimization system is illustrated with practical examples throughout the paper.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	64	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Metaheuristics for the Stochastic Hoist Scheduling Problem (SHSP)	2001	International Journal of Production Research	Experts look for solutions to increase production delivery, but industrial systems are generally disturbed by random events. In many cases, there is a lack of information about random events consequences on the production time and quality of the manufactured products. Surface treatment lines are robotic cells with time window constraints and so random events can have important consequences on production management. Products could be damaged by constraint violations and rejected by the control quality department. Moreover, owing to the structure of these systems, variations in transportation times can induce unrecoverable situations (deadlock occurrences, for example). Therefore, experts look for schedules to prevent random events consequences. One of the most difficult operational problems in surface treatment lines is the proper coordination of the material-handling resources management and job input scheduling. Previous related research works concern the makespan minimization problem and do not take into account the random events consequences: this problem is denoted by the Hoist Scheduling Problem (HSP). This paper focuses on the Stochastic Hoist Scheduling Problem (SHSP), which is the HSP with random events implying variations in transportation times. It appears that no previous work can be reported concerning such stochastic problems but only deterministic ones. A method is proposed here based on stochastic metaheuristics used to determine the production schedules for which the random events consequences are low. An industrial study that highlights the efficiency of the method is proposed. A company that cannot be named for confidential reasons has provided the test data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	21	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Dynamic scheduling for a flexible manufacturing system - the pre-emptive approach	2001	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	This paper presents a simulation model of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) which minimises three performance criteria simultaneously, i.e. mean flow-time, mean tardiness, and mean earliness. The dispatching rule will be changed at a frequency that is varied by the quantity of output produced by the system. Therefore, the dynamic system is an event-trigger rather than triggered by changing the rule at regular time intervals, which is passive. Three indices are used to represent the three criteria being monitored, and the indices are ranked in descending order. The larger the index, the worse is the condition of the criterion in the system. An appropriate rule will be selected for the next operation in order to tackle that criterion with the largest index. This mechanism is called the pre-emptive method. Furthermore, the indices can be biased by the decision maker so that a particular criterion can have larger weighting. Results show that a solution (range of frequency) can always be obtained for changing the dispatching rule so that the system is better than one which just uses fixed FMS scheduling rules.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Dispatching,Dynamic scheduling,Flexible manufacturing systems,Pre-emptive,Simulation
Analysis of dispatching rules of AGV systems with multiple vehicles	2001	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	We study automated guided vehicle systems that contain multiple vehicles. Each vehicle transports an item from a certain point to its destination. The inter-arrival time of items to each node is assumed to be independently and geometrically distributed. Each node has an infinite buffer capacity, and thus no item is lost. The deadhead time of the empty vehicle and the transportation time of the loaded vehicle are assumed to be arbitrarily distributed. We propose two empty vehicle dispatching policies, and numerically calculate the waiting time distributions of the items for each policy using a state-space reduction technique for Markov chains. Several examples are given to demonstrate the advantages and disadvantages of each policy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	19	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
GA-based discrete dynamic programming approach for scheduling in FMS environments	2001	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Part B: Cybernetics	This paper presents a new genetic algorithm (GA)-based discrete dynamic programming (DDP) approach for generating static schedules in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) environment. This GA-DDP approach adopts a sequence-dependent schedule generation strategy, where a GA is employed to generate feasible job sequences and a series of discrete dynamic programs are constructed to generate legal schedules for a given sequence of jobs. In formulating the GA, different performance criteria could be easily included. The developed DDP algorithm is capable of identifying locally optimized partial schedules and shares the computation efficiency of dynamic programming. The algorithm is designed in such a way that it does not suffer from the state explosion problem inherent in pure dynamic programming approaches in FMS scheduling. Numerical examples are reported to illustrate the approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	61	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dynamic programming,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Genetic algorithms (GAs),Heuristics,Scheduling
Petri-net and GA-based approach to modeling, scheduling, and performance evaluation for wafer fabrication	2001	IEEE Transactions on Robotics and Automation	In this paper, a genetic algorithm (GA) embedded search strategy over a colored timed Petri net (CTPN) for wafer fabrication is proposed. Through the CTPN model, all possible behaviors of the wafer manufacturing systems such as WIP status and machine status can be completely tracked down by the reachability graph of the net. The chromosome representation of the search modes in GA is constructed directly from the CTPN model, recording the information about the appropriate scheduling policy for each workstation in the fab. A better chromosome found by GA is received by the CTPN based schedule builder, and then a near-optimal schedule is generated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	80	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Genetic algorithm,Modeling and scheduling,Petri-net,Wafer fabrication
FMS scheduling based on Timed Petri net model and RTA algorithm	2001	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper presents a new scheduling method for manufacturing system based on a Timed Petri net model and a reactive fast search algorithm. The following two typical problems are addressed in this paper. (1) Minimize the maximum completion time. (2) Minimize the total deadline over-time. As for problem, (1), a search algorithm which combines RTA* and rule-based supervisor is proposed. Since both RTA* and rule-based supervisor can be executed in a reactive manner, machines and AGVs allocations can be scheduled reactively, and simultaneously. As for problem (2), original petri net model is converted to its reverse model and the algorithm developed in problem (1) is applied with regarding the due time as a starting time in the reverse model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Due-date problem,Model based scheduling,Petri net,RTA*,Supervisor
A multi-attribute dispatching rule for automated guided vehicle systems	2001	International Journal of Production Research	This paper considers the dispatching problem associated with operations of automated guided vehicles (AGVs). A multi-attribute dispatching rule for dispatching of an AGV is developed and evaluated. The multi-attribute rule, using the additive weighting method, considers three system attributes concurrently: the remaining space in the outgoing buffer of a workstation, the distance between an idle AGV and a workstation with a job waiting for the vehicle to be serviced, and the remaining space in the input buffer of the destination workstation of a job. A neural network approach is used to obtain dynamically adjusting attribute weights based on the current status of the manufacturing system. Simulation analysis of a job shop is used to compare the multi-attribute dispatching rule with dynamically adjusting attribute weights to the same dispatching rule with fixed attribute weights and to several single attribute rules. Results show that the multi-attribute dispatching rule with the ability to adapt attribute weights to job shop operational conditions provides a better balance among the performance measures used in the study.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	39	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Autefa automation Multi-Doffer system	2001	Chemical Fibers International	The operation of traditional doffing systems is explained with their drawbacks. Autefa's basic design goals for a new doffing and donning system are listed (five). The basic Multi-Doffer design concept is explained using Automatically Guided Vehicles (AGVs) whose operation is detailed. Communication between the mobile Multi-Doffers and the stationary equipment is discussed and uses radio-transmitted signals. Power units and their operation are described, together with the safety requirements of the Multi-Doffing system using scanning system to detect obstacles and reduce driving speed. An overview is provided of the supervising system - the Autefa automation Transport and Doffing Management system (TDM). The working procedures of the TDM are examined with connections to the Multi-Doffers established through two channels via a wireless ethernet connection. The Enhanced Doffing Scheduler module (EDS) is also explained with the parameters involved. The computer simulation system used by Autefa is noted and again parameters listed.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	Germany	0	Business and International Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Modelling empty vehicle traffic in AGVS design	2001	International Journal of Production Research	Empty vehicle traffic plays a critical role in the operating performance of automated guided vehicle systems (AGVSs). While significant research has been conducted on intelligent AGVS dispatching - which, in essence, is the management of empty vehicle traffic - research in AGVS design has sometimes ignored or simplified the role of empty vehicle traffic. In this paper, we show how empty vehicle traffic strongly influences several important AGVS design problems, such as flowpath design and vehicle requirements. We present analytical models to predict empty vehicle travel under two popular vehicle dispatching rules for systems facing stochastic trip demand. We show that using our models' estimates of empty vehicle traffic in the AGVS design process can dramatically improve the resulting system performance. We also analyse shop-floor transfer patters and find that empty traffic has a larger impact on systems with discernible trends in job movement.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	23	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Analysis of a new vehicle scheduling and location problem	2001	Naval Research Logistics	We consider a container terminal discharging containers from a ship and locating them in the terminal yard. Each container has a number of potential locations in the yard where it can be stored. Containers are moved from the ship to the yard using a fleet of vehicles, each of which can carry one container at a time. The problem is to assign each container to a yard location and dispatch vehicles to the containers so as to minimize the time it takes to download all the containers from the ship. We show that the problem is NP-hard and develop a heuristic algorithm based on formulating the problem as an assignment problem. The effectiveness of the heuristic is analyzed from both worst-case and computational points of view.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	114	Modeling and Simulation,Ocean Engineering,Management Science and Operations Research	None
Set membership localization of mobile robots via angle measurements	2001	IEEE Transactions on Robotics and Automation	This paper addresses the localization problem for a mobile robot navigating in an unstructured outdoor environment. A new technique is introduced, for computing an estimate of the position of the robot and the related uncertainty region, in the presence of visual angle measurements affected by bounded errors. The proposed set membership estimation procedure exploits the structure of the static set estimator, to solve recursively the dynamic localization problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	56	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Angle measurements,Landmarks,Localization,Mobile robotics,Set membership
Overview of LHD navigation without artificial beacons	2001	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	This paper describes the realization and the experimental results of the navigation and guidance system for an autonomous load, haul and dump (LHD) truck. The main emphasis of the development work has been in building a navigation system that does not require extra infrastructure to be installed in the tunnel. The navigation system is based on teaching the routes or route segments, recording the environment model while teaching and using laser scanners to correct the drift of dead reckoning positioning while driving in automatic mode.  2001 Elsevier Science B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Finland	26	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Dead reckoning,Environment modeling,Mining machine,Navigation,Position control
A bi-directional path layout for conflict-free routing of AGVs	2001	International Journal of Production Research	Automated Guided Vehicles (or AGVs for short) are now widely used in automated material handling systems. Much research has been done on developing path layout and algorithms for the optimal routing and scheduling of AGVs. However, with the drastically increased number of AGVs in some recent applications (e.g. in the order of a hundred in container terminals), algorithms that can achieve a high degree of concurrency of AGV moves are urgently needed. This paper presents a bi-directional path layout and an algorithm for routing AGVs. To route the vehicles without conflicts and to minimize the space requirement of the layout, critical conditions for certain key parameters of the path and vehicle are derived. We further show theoretically that a high degree of concurrency of AGV moves can be achieved, although the routing decision takes only a constant amount of time for each vehicle. The routing efficiency is analysed in terms of the distance traversed and the time requirement for AGVs to complete all pickup and drop-off (or P/D for short) jobs. Results of this study could form a basis for more complicated path layouts and routing algorithms.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	34	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Estimation of the fleet size for a multi-load automated guided vehicle system	2001	Proceedings of the National Science Council, Republic of China, Part A: Physical Science and Engineering	One of the important factors to determine during the early design stage for an automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) is the fleet size required for material handling activities. Although several analytical methods have been used to estimate the vehicle requirement for single-load AGVS, there are few reports on the same topic for multi-load vehicles. The dynamic behavior of multi-load vehicles whereby they can carry more than one job at a time makes fleet size estimation a complicated task. In this paper, an analytical method is proposed to estimate the number of multi-load vehicles needed to perform a given level of job handling in a job shop environment. Several methods for estimating the number of single-load vehicles are modified. Finally, simulation methodology is used to obtain the actual fleet size for an illustrative example under different vehicle dispatching rules. The results indicate that the proposed model can provide results that are close to the simulation results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	7	Engineering (all)	Analytical model,Fleet size,Multi-load automated guided vehicle system
Use of timed petri net and activity cycle diagram methodologies for modelling tandem AGVs in FMSs and their performance evaluation	2001	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	This paper attempts to model the Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system of a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) by using timed petri net and Activity Cycle Diagrams (ACDs) as basic tools. A timed petri net used for planning of AGV system in FMSs ensures conflict-free and deadlock free operations of the system. To understand the system as it is observed in practice for delineating the behaviour of entities, the ACD has been used. Mean utilization and the utilization index have been taken as performance measures to evaluate the system and they have been compared with previous work.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	9	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Distributed event-control for deadlock avoidance in automated manufacturing systems	2001	International Journal of Production Research	This paper develops a decentralized event-control strategy to avoid deadlock in automated manufacturing systems. On the basis of the characteristics of the part mix that is currently active, the system is partitioned in subsystems that can be controlled locally and independently using graph-theoretic tools. The controller of each subsystem can be chosen as the best compromise between computational costs and flexibility in resource allocation and depending on the particular layout of the subsystem. The decentralized scheme allows the overall system to improve its flexibility and guarantee good performance measures. The approach is particularly suitable for cellular manufacturing systems that do not exclude intercell flow. In this case the method determines the cells that can be controlled independently and the ones that must be controlled jointly. A case study performed by discrete-event simulation confirms the efficiency of the proposed methodology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	20	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Automated reticle delivery in a 300 mm fab	2001	Semiconductor International	The requirements for reticle automation and the use of automated material handling systems (AMHS) for increasing the productivity are explored. Reticle stockers for accessing and controlling the inventory provides automatic ID tracking and secure storage area. Automated guided vehicles (AGV) and overhead transport (OHT) vehicles are the available delivery systems for the reticles having features like automation-compatible load ports, ability to communicate with the automation system and set of commands to move the reticles. Reticle management can be accomplished by the integration of software systems which include scheduling system, manufacturing execution system (MES), reticle management system (RMS) and material control system (MCS).	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Microbiology,Condensed Matter Physics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Automated guided vehicles drive aluminum manufacturing into the future	2001	Production and Inventory Management Journal	This article presents information on the purpose and use of automated guided vehicles, or AGVs, and the issues managers must consider before making the investment. Alcoa's aluminum company is presented as a case study example. The company's implementation and use of AGVs to improve its production process is described.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Opportunistic planning for a fleet of transportation robots	2001	Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence	The Dynamic Transportation-Planning Problem (DTPP) embodies a class of real-world applications that involve the reactive routing and scheduling of a fleet of vehicles in response to dynamically changing transportation demands. Examples include mobile robots in a warehouse, taxis in an urban road network, or aeroplanes for medical evacuation. In contrast with the Vehicle Routing Problem, for which a plethora of techniques is available, few approaches exist that permit the efficient deployment of a large number of vehicles in a changing environment. This paper highlights the characteristic features of the problem, reviews possible approaches and existing techniques, and proposes a heuristic solution to the DTPP using a Blackboard-based approach. The resulting application is an intelligent transportation planning system (ITPS) for a fleet of automated robot taxis, based on the generic assumption-based truth maintained Blackboard shell (GATMBS) and comprising traffic simulation models as well as various monitoring and problem-solving strategies for assignment and routing. The Blackboard architecture supports the dynamic alteration of planned routes in response to changes in traffic conditions and passenger requests. A prototype of the ITPS has been validated in simulation using a small fleet of robot taxis with randomly generated road networks, background traffic load, and passenger requests.  2001 Elsevier Science Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Blackboard architecture,Dynamic routing,Intelligent transportation system,Intelligent vehicles,Planning,Scheduling,Taxi fleet management,Truth-maintenance system
Multisensor integration and fusion model that uses a fuzzy inference system	2001	IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics	The main objective of this work is the development of an intelligent multisensor integration and fusion model that uses fuzzy logic. Measurement data from different types of sensors with different resolutions are integrated and fused together based on the confidence in them derived from information not typically used in traditional data fusion methods. Examples of such information are operating temperature, frequency range, fatigue cycles, etc. These are fed as additional inputs to a fuzzy inference system (FIS) that has predefined membership functions for each of these variables. The output of the FIS are weights that are assigned to the different sensor measurement data that reflect the confidence in the sensor's behavior and performance. A modular approach is adopted for the data fusion system. It allows adding or deleting a sensor, along with its fuzzy logic controller (FLC), anytime without affecting the entire data fusion system. This paper presents a preliminary model that fuses the data from three different types of sensors that monitor the strain at a single location in a cantilever beam. This will be later extended to sensors that will be fixed at different locations on the same beam. The results from the proposed work are a stepping stone toward the development of generic autonomous sensor models that are capable of data interpretation, self-calibration, data fusion from other sources, and even learning so as to improve their performance with time. This work is aimed at the development of smart structural health monitoring systems, but has applications in diverse fields such as robotics, controls, target tracking, and biomedical imaging.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	30	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy logic,Intelligent sensing,Multisensor fusion,Smart health monitoring systems
A review of machine learning in dynamic scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems	2001	Artificial Intelligence for Engineering Design, Analysis and Manufacturing: AIEDAM	A common way of dynamically scheduling jobs in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is by means of dispatching rules. The problem of this method is that the performance of these rules depends on the state the system is in at each moment, and no single rule exists that is better than the rest in all the possible states that the system may be in. It would therefore be interesting to use the most appropriate dispatching rule at each moment. To achieve this goal, a scheduling approach which uses machine learning can be used. Analyzing the previous performance of the system (training examples) by means of this technique, knowledge is obtained that can be used to decide which is the most appropriate dispatching rule at each moment in time. In this paper, a review of the main machine learning-based scheduling approaches described in the literature is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	64	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	None
Rolland reduces paper loss with automated guided vehicle system	2001	Pulp and Paper	Rolland Inc's St. Jerome mill at Quebec reduced its paper loss with the induction of Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS). As part of the roll wrapping and handling operation, AGVS offered less roll damage and safer operation options. The AVGS was incorporated to reduce manpower for trucking of the rolls from the paper machine to the wrap line. It included an automatic guided vehicle, computers to queue orders, manage traffic, and receive remote inputs from programmable logic controllers (PLCs).	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	United States	0	Chemical Engineering (miscellaneous),Chemical Engineering (all),Materials Science (all),Media Technology,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Marketing	None
Configuring layout in unidirectional loop manufacturing systems	2001	International Journal of Production Research	This paper addresses the layout configuration problem of workstations in a uni-directional loop manufacturing system. In this popular unicyclic material handling facility, the material transporters depart from the input/output station, traverse each workstation exactly once, and then return to the input/output station. We show the important properties of this unidirectional material handling loop network. Based on these characterizations, both heuristic and branch-and-bound algorithms are proposed to solve such NP-complete layout problems. Computational experiments with problem sizes up to 100 workstations are reported. Both the problem size and the material flow density have been found to affect the solution quality and the computational efficiency. The proposed methods appear efficient and effective for solving these layout problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	17	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Simulation analysis of dispatching rules for an automated interbay material handling system in wafer fab	2001	International Journal of Production Research	Here, the performance evaluation of a double-loop interbay automated material handling system (AMHS) in wafer fab was analysed by considering the effects of the dispatching rules. Discrete event simulation models based on SIMPLE + + were developed to implement the heuristic dispatching rules in such an AMHS system with a zone control scheme to avoid vehicle collision. The layout of an interbay system is a combination configuration in which the hallway contains double loops and the vehicles have double capacity. The results show that the dispatching rule has a significant impact on average transport time, waiting time, throughput and vehicle utilization. The combination of the shortest distance with nearest vehicle and the first encounter first served rule outperformed the other rules. Furthermore, the relationship between vehicle number and material flow rate by experimenting with a simulation model was investigated. The optimum combination of these two factors can be obtained by response surface methodology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	80	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Solving resource contention problem in FMS using Petri nets and a rule-based approach	2001	International Journal of Production Research	The present work focuses on the development of a shop floor controller (SFC) using Petri nets and a rule-based approach. An FMS consisting of three work-stations with in-process buffers and two robots is taken as a case study. Stochastic Petri nets are used to model various activities in the manufacturing system. A new concept of P-Levels is introduced for the solution of problems of resource contention and circular wait by assigning priorities to the claimant parts in a multi-batch manufacturing system. A case study also shows the capabilities of the developed system controller with relevant results. Various possibilities about the number of batches processed simultaneously are considered for the example case.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	10	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Tracking control of unicycle-modeled mobile robots using a saturation feedback controller	2001	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	The tracking control problem with saturation constraint for a class of unicycle-modeled mobile robots is formulated and solved using the backstepping technique and the idea from the LaSalle's invariance principle. A global result is presented in which several constraints on the linear and the angular velocities of the mobile robot from recent literature are dropped. The proposed controller can simultaneously solve both the tracking and regulation problems of a unicycle-modeled mobile robot. With the proposed control laws, the robot can globally follow any path specified by a straight line, a circle or a path approaching the origin using a single controller. As demonstrated, the circular and parallel parking control problem are solved using the proposed controller. Computer simulations are presented which confirm the effectiveness of the proposed tracking control law. Practical experimental results validate the simulations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	338	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Mobile robots,Motion control,Nonlinear systems,Stability,Time-varying systems,Tracking
Vehicle dispatching system based on Taguchi-tuned fuzzy rules	2001	European Journal of Operational Research	This paper presents the development of a dispatching system for a fleet of automated guided vehicles in a flexible manufacturing environment which is based on a hybrid Fuzzy-Taguchi approach. A fuzzy decision-making system emulates the human behavior necessary for multi-objective directed decision making in a dynamically evolving environment. A statistical approach based on the Taguchi method tunes the fuzzy rules to achieve near optimal performance. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of this marriage of computational tools in dealing with the well-known NP-complete scheduling problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	39	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	None
A loop material flow system design for automated guided vehicles	2001	International Journal of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	We develop an exact integer programming formulation to design a loop material flow system for unit-load automated guided vehicles. The model simultaneously determines both the design of the unidirectional loop flow pattern and the location of the pickup and delivery stations. The objective is to minimize the total loaded-vehicle trip distances. To solve the problem, we concentrate on developing a better formulation for the LP subproblem, preprocessing the problem, identifying the appropriate set of LP/IP routines, analyzing the mathematical properties of the problem, and developing an intelligent branch and bound solution procedure.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	34	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVS,Facilities planning,Integer programming,Network flows
Genetic algorithms application in flexible dynamic scheduling	2001	Shanghai Jiaotong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Shanghai Jiaotong University	An on-line scheduling/rescheduling scheme to respond timely to the dynamic changes of the environment of flexible manufacturing system (FMS) was introduced. The concerned FMS is composed of several work-stations and some automated guided vehicles (AGVs). A dynamic scheduling mechanics integrating the advantages of two commonly-used dynamic scheduling methods, named event-based and time-based, was developed. The updated task list could be formed by the conjunctive set of necessary-revised operations and remaining operations. This method could reduce the superfluous manual intervention and permit necessary revision caused by the change of environment. Simultaneously, a scheduling model with consideration of alternative routes and AGVs was set up. A GA-based method was used for scheduling machines and AGVs simultaneously. An example was calculated. The results show satisfactory performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Multidisciplinary	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling,Dynamic scheduling,Genetic algorithms,Heuristic rules,Variable routes
Optimal bidirectional spine layout for overhead material handling systems	2001	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	Overhead automated material handling systems have become the only material handling solution in semiconductor fabs to achieve zero footprint material handling in the expensive cleanroom floor. This paper provides two rectilinear layout configurations, single-spine and double-spine, for overhead track design. Given the locations of loadports and a pod from-to flow matrix, we determine the rectilinear layout of material flow systems with the objective of minimizing the total loaded travel distances. The optimal single-spine problem can be transformed to a known single-facility layout problem and solved with a linear-time algorithm. The optimal double-spine layout is obtained from the optimal single X-spine and Y-spine and is formulated as an allocation problem. We demonstrate the system designs by a numerical example. The resulting spine layouts are then compared with the Minimum Rectilinear Steiner Tree (MRST) and Shortest Rectilinear Flow Network (SRFN) layouts. MRST layout provides the shortest track length while the SRFN layout guarantees the shortest flow distances. The result shows that spine layout is a potential track layout pattern with respect to simplicity, track lengths and flow distances for overhead flow systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	28	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AMHS,Fab layout,Material handling,Semiconductor 300 mm,Spine layout
The fusion of computationally intelligent methodologies and sliding-mode control - A survey	2001	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	This paper surveys how some "intelligence" can be incorporated in sliding-mode controllers (SMCs) by the use of computational intelligence methodologies in order to alleviate the well-known problems met in practical implementations of SMCs. The use of variable-structure system theory in design and stability analysis of fuzzy controllers is also discussed by drawing parallels between fuzzy control and SMCs. An overview of the research and applications reported in the literature in this respect is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	257	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Computational intelligence,Sliding-mode control,Soft computing
Analysis of dispatching rules of agv systems with multiple vehicles	2001	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	We study automated guided vehicle systems that contain multiple vehicles. Each vehicle transports an item from a certain point to its destination. The inter-arrival time of items to each node is assumed to be independently and geometrically distributed. Each node has an infinite buffer capacity, and thus no item is lost. The deadhead time of the empty vehicle and the transportation time of the loaded vehicle are assumed to be arbitrarily distributed. We propose two empty vehicle dispatching policies, and numerically calculate the waiting time distributions of the items for each policy using a state-space reduction technique for Markov chains. Several examples are given to demonstrate the advantages and disadvantages of each policy.  2001, Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Design of a variable path tandem layout for automated guided vehicle systems	2001	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	The partitioning of a tandem layout for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system directly affects the system performance. Determining the location of the transfer points between zones is another important issue in the design of a tandem layout. In this paper, a heuristic partitioning algorithm for a tandem AGV system based on the concept of variable path routing within a zone is developed. Transfer points are simultaneously determined during the network partitioning process. The algorithm assumes the prior existence of a conventional and unidirectional layout. The problem of interest is one of converting the existing, conventional layout to a variable path based tandem AGV system layout. A comparison between the conventional and the tandem AGV system with respect to system performance under the same operating conditions is presented. The results show that the variable path based tandem layout requires a smaller number of vehicles in most situations than the equivalent conventional layout. In addition, the total vehicle use time of a tandem layout is smaller than that of the conventional layout.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	31	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,Neighboring,Partitioning,Tandem,Variable Path
Modeling and analysis of tandem AGV systems using generalized stochastic Petri nets	2001	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	This paper presents a Petri net modeling approach for analyzing tandem AGV systems. The approach allows the consideration of several critical design issues such as multiload vehicles, multi-machine processing workstations, finite queue capacities, and constant work-in-process operating policies. The proposed approach is capable of providing analytical as well as simulative results and allows tandem AGV systems to be fully explored within a single modeling framework. Analytical analysis can be performed if the interarrival and service times are assumed to be exponentially distributed. Simulative results do not require this restriction, and thus general distributions can be used.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	8	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analytical and Simulative Methods,Material Handling Systems,Petri Net Modeling and Analysis,Tandem AGV Systems
Design and simulation of automated container terminal using AGVs	2001	2001 European Control Conference, ECC 2001	2001 EUCA.Booming in the world trade, scarcity of land for yard expansion in many ports, and deployment of new massive megaships have magnified the need for finding better ways of performing container terminal operations. High-density Automated Container Terminals (ACTs), with high operation efficiency and requiring less land, can thus become potential candidates. In this paper, an Automated Guided Vehicle based ACT (AGV-ACT) is proposed and designed to meet the future projection made by several ports. A microscopic simulation model is developed and used to simulate the ACT systems for the projected operational scenario. Some performance criteria are defined and used for performance evaluation. The simulation result shows that the proposed ACT system can meet the future demand of ports by requiring less land and providing higher efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Control and Systems Engineering	AGVs,Automated Container Terminal
Determination of the number of automated guided vehicles required at a semi-automated container terminal	2001	Journal of the Operational Research Society	This paper describes the development of a minimum flow algorithm to determine the number of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) required at a semi-automated container terminal. At such a terminal the containers are transported by AGVs from the quay cranes to the automated stacking cranes and vice versa. A model and a strongly polynomial time algorithm are developed to solve the case in which containers are available for transport at known time instants.  2001 Operational Research Society Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	78	Management Information Systems,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Marketing	AGVs,Container terminal,Logistics,Networks and graphs
A study of the tandem loop with multiple vehicles configuration for automated guided vehicle systems	2001	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	Conventional guide path layouts for automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems are analyzed, and the tandem loop with multiple vehicles (TLMV) configuration is proposed as a new and effective alternative. The TLMV configuration is especially useful for a large-scale manufacturing environment because it can easily accommodate expansion or upgrade while still being less sensitive to vehicle failure than the tandem loop (single vehicle) configuration. Simulation results show that the TLMV configuration is a viable option. The management of idle vehicles is an important control issue that affects the performance of an AGV system. For the TLMV layout, polynomial time algorithms to determine optimal idle vehicle dwell points are developed for minimizing the maximum response time and minimizing the mean weighted response time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	21	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle Systems,Dwell Point,Dynamic Programming,Guide Path Layout,Material Handling
Web-based parallel simulation of agvs using Java and JINI	2001	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2001.The vision of Computational Grids promises an exciting future for the distributed simulation community. In this project we make a small but practical step toward the grand vision of distributed simulation by using certain prevailing Internet technologies to enable access of simulation services anytime and anywhere. Specifically, this project focuses on accessing distributed simulation of AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicle) in container port operations through the World Wide Web. The objectives are to explore and address relevant issues, evaluate various approaches, demonstrate a workable version. We initially construct the AGV simulation system in an indirect communication model and identify its merits and demerits. Then, we explore the use of JINI technology for an efficient and robust direct communication architecture.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Event control for deadlock avoidance in automated guided vehicle systems	2001	2001 European Control Conference, ECC 2001	2001 EUCA.This paper deals with deadlock problems of zone-control automated guided vehicle systems (AGVSs). We assume that a discrete event dynamical model, whose state provides information on the current interaction vehicles-zones, describes the system dynamics. Using digraph tools to characterize and to detect circular wait conditions, a policy is introduced to inhibit and to enable some properly identified events. Such a policy realizes a closed loop control that is effective also in bidirectional guidepath systems where deadlocks and collisions often occur. A case study shows the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles,deadlock avoidance,Discrete Event Systems,zone control
Real-time deadlock-free control strategy for single multi-load automated guided vehicle on a job shop manufacturing system	2001	International Journal of Production Research	An unmanned automated job shop manufacturing system with a single multi-load automated guided vehicle, which traverses around a single-loop guidepath, is considered in this work. This type of shop design is often used as an independent sector of some complex AGV layouts, such as tandem, segmented bi-directional single-loop and divided configurations. The type of multi-load vehicle is a good alternative against using more single-load vehicles to serve a higher transportation demand. To an unmanned automated manufacturing system, the management of finite system resources, e.g. finite input/output queuing space and transporting carriers, plays a vital role in avoiding system deadlocks and machine blockages. The proposed control strategy for a single multi-load vehicle uses global shop real-time information to achieve the objectives: avoid shop deadlocks caused by inappropriate job movement as well as satisfy the system transport requirement. The efficiency of the proposed vehicle control strategy and the other two expanded strategies under various parameter designs are verified by computer simulation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	14	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
An AGV routing policy reflecting the current and future state of semiconductor and LCD production lines	2001	International Journal of Production Research	This paper presents an efficient policy for AGV and part routing in semiconductor and LCD production bays using information on the future state of systems where AGVs play a central role in material handling. These highly informative systems maintain a great deal of information on current and near-future status, such as the arrival and operation completion times of parts, thereby enabling a new approach for production shop control. Efficient control of AGVs is vital in semiconductor and LCD plants because AGV systems often limit the total production capacity of these very expensive plants. With the proposed procedure, the cell controller records the future events chronologically and uses this information to determine the destination and source of parts between the parts' operation machine and temporary storage. It is shown by simulation that the new control policy reduces AGV requirements and flow time of parts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	26	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Jini-enabled high performance computing	2001	International Conference on Information Networking	2001 IEEE.The vision of computational grids promises an exciting future for high performance computing (HPC). In the project presented we make a small but practical step toward the grand vision of pervasive HPC by using some of the prevailing Internet technologies to enable access of HPC anytime and anywhere. Specifically, the project focuses on HPC that could be accessed by using the World Wide Web. We have conducted experiments based on engineering/scientific applications. Examples include simulations of automated guided vehicles (hereafter AGVs for short) in container port operations, N-body and molecular simulations. We initially build systems based on an ad-hoc approach, whose merits and demerits are identified. Then, we employ Jini technology to reconstruct the system architecture and present a more efficient and robust model. Performance studies are also presented. The objectives are to explore and address relevant issues, evaluate various approaches, demonstrate a workable version and conduct experiments with actual Web-enabled applications. The result is that now we are able to partially realize the dream of using the HPCs anytime and anywhere through devices such as a wireless/mobile computer, as long as they are armed with a common Web browser.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems	Application software,Automotive engineering,Computer vision,Containers,Grid computing,High performance computing,Internet,Robustness,Vehicles,Web sites
Optimal dwell point location of automated guided vehicles to minimize mean response time in a loop layout	2001	International Journal of Production Research	An important control issue in operating an automated guided vehicle system is where to locate idle vehicles. Dwell points for idle vehicles affect the performance of manufacturing systems. A polynomial time algorithm has been developed to determine dwell points for idle automated guided vehicles that minimize the mean response time. Both uni- and bidirectional loop layouts are considered. The proposed algorithm, based on a dynamic programming model, partitions the set of pick-up stations into subsets so that a single vehicle serves all stations in a subset. The dynamic programming algorithm has been streamlined by applying certain optimality properties. Computational results show that the proposed algorithm can solve large-scale problems in a reasonable time. A simulation experiment has also been conducted to compare several idle vehicle positioning rules, and the results show that best performance is obtained by positioning idle vehicles in dwell points that minimize the mean response time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	12	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Analysis of automated guided vehicle configurations in flexible manufacturing systems	2001	International Journal of Production Research	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems complement the operation of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) by providing integrated automated material handling that capitalizes on the system's flexibility. Previous research considering AGV systems for use in FMS installations has focused on complex control strategies to reduce the congestion problem often encountered in these systems. Recently, attention has been given to tandem system configurations that reduce congestion and simplify system control. The present study uses the simulation methodology to compare the performance of three AGV configurations under a variety of experimental conditions. The results indicate that system size, load/unload time, and machine failure rate factors have significant impacts on the operation of the systems considered. In general, with respect to due date performance, it is recommended to use the traditional configuration in small systems while using the tandem/loop configuration in larger systems. Furthermore, it is shown that the addition of the loop to the tandem configuration mitigates the sensitivity of the tandem configuration to the load/unload time factor as well as significantly improving its performance under high load/unload times. Thus, if tandem configuration is desired to reduce congestion and simplify system control, investments must be made to directly reduce the load/unload times or to construct a loop to avoid the load/unload time penalty.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	22	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Hybrid control in Automated Guided Vehicle Systems	2001	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	This paper proposes a hierarchical hybrid structure of an Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) that controls the operation of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) in manufacturing environment. The main objective of automation is to have collision free movement of the vehicles, along with increased flexibility. The proposed system is decentralized in which the AGVs move in free mode instead of following a fixed guidepath. The vehicles select their own routes and speeds and resolve the conflicts that arise during their motion. We discuss here the possible conflict situations and the possible strategies to resolve these situations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	9	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Conflict conditions,Free motion AGV,Hybrid control,Node,Safe zone
Capacity calculation of an AGV system in a MP2 wafer fab by means of simulation	2001	IEEE International Symposium on Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference, Proceedings	The transport of wafers inside a multi process multi product wafer factory is a complex logistic process. In Philips' MOS-3 wafer fab this transport is carried out by a so-called Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system. In this paper a dynamic model is presented of the AGV system of MOS-3. The advantages of creating such a model are twofold. First of all, the model can be used to analyse the logistics, layout, algorithms and behaviour of the current AGV system. Secondly, the model gives the possibility to analyse and optimise possible changes that can be made to the AGV system in the future.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Engineering (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Deadlock avoidance in Automated Guided Vehicle Systems	2001	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVSs) are the most flexible means to transport pieces among workstations of an Automated Manufacturing System (AMS). The control of such systems must be in charge of avoiding collisions and deadlock conditions. The paper formulates a control scheme to face this problem. In particular, some algorithms are proposed to control in real time path assignments to the vehicles and their moves from zone to zone in the system. A final discussion compares the proposed approach to other methods offered by the recent literature.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated vehicle systems,Deadlock avoidance,Zone control
The design of control of system for collison avoidance	2001	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	This paper describes the design of control system for collison avoidance using a model vehicle. The purpose of this system (Collison Avoidance System) is to maintain continuously constant distance between a forward running vehicle and a following automatic guided vehicle (AGVS). For this system, we verified PID and fuzzy controller and The simulation resulted that fuzzy controller's response is excellent to PID controller's that. Furthermore, we experimented collison avoidance vehicle maintaining continuously constant following distance, using ultrasonic sensor to model vehicle.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Resource-oriented Petri nets in deadlock avoidance of AGV systems	2001	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper presents a colored resource-oriented Petri net (CROPN) modeling method to deal with conflict and deadlock arising in Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV) systems. The work can be viewed as the continuation of some of the authors' previous work. Some unique features in AGV systems require the further investigation into their deadlock avoidance using CROPN models. The proposed approach can easily handle both bidirectional and unidirectional paths. Bidirectional paths offer additional flexibility, efficiency and less cost than unidirectional paths. Yet they exhibit more challenging AGV management problems. By modeling nodes with places and lanes with transitions, one can easily construct a CROPN model for dynamic AGV systems with changing routes. A control policy suitable for real-time control implementation is then proposed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	39	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A simulation approach for performance evaluation of proposed automated container terminals	2001	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	Booming in the world trade, scarcity of land for yard expansion in many ports, and deployment of new massive megaships have magnified the need for finding better ways of performing container terminal operations. High-density Automated Container Terminals (ACTs), with high operation efficiency and requiring less hand, can thus become potential candidates for meeting future demand for higher capacity. In this paper, several high-density ACT systems are proposed and designed to meet the future projection made by several ports. A microscopic simulation model is developed and used to simulate the different ACT systems for the same operational scenario. The performance results and characteristics of the ACT systems are used as inputs to a cost model in order to compare their cost for meeting the demand for high capacity. The simulation results show that the proposed ACT systems can meet the future capacity demand of ports by requiring less land and at lower cost depending on various factors, such as the cost of land, labor etc that are described and analyzed. The implementation of the proposed automated concepts will require additional studies where labor issues and concerns about job losses due to automation need to be addressed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	6	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Semi-guided navigation of AGV through iterative learning	2001	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	In this paper, the authors aim at realizing an accurate navigation system of Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). The authors propose a way of estimating positioning error with magnetic tape, which is widely used in a factory as an external sensor. However, flexibility for path relocation is insufficient, because, in general, the tape should be laid down on the floor from a start point to a goal point so that AGVs can reach their target. To overcome this inefficiency, the authors firstly propose a semi-guided navigation methodology by means of two kinds of magnetic tapes based on an error analysis. The semi-guided navigation means that magnetic tapes are only placed at the start and the goal points individually. Therefore, this system enables us to remove most of the magnetic tape. Moreover, the authors attempt a fixed model learning to prevent stationary error while AGVs run iteratively. Finally, the authors carry out experiments to evaluate and verify the efficiency of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	8	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
Expected move request waiting times in single-device, polling-based material handling systems	2001	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	We present an analytical approach to approximate the expected waiting times of move requests (customers) served by a single handling device (server) that operates according to the First-Encountered-First-Served (FEFS) rule, which is a common rule employed for polling-based material handling systems. Under the FEFS rule, the device inspects each station according to a prespecified polling sequence and serves the first move request it encounters. Polling resumes as soon as the device completes serving a move request. The expected waiting times are important for estimating the expected Work-In-Process (WIP) levels at individual stations and to gauge the overall performance of the system. Moreover, the polling sequence itself can affect the expected waiting times. If the device meets the throughput requirement under more than one polling sequence, the results we present can also be used to evaluate alternative polling sequences. In fact, using the analytical results and a numerical example, we show that alternative polling sequences, even if they impose the same “workload factor” on the device, can lead to significantly different expected WIP levels.  2001, Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Expected move request waiting times in single-device, polling-based material handling systems	2001	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	We present an analytical approach to approximate the expected waiting times of move requests (customers) served by a single handling device (server) that operates according to the First-Encountered-First-Served (FEFS) rule, which is a common rule employed for polling-based material handling systems. Under the FEFS rule, the device inspects each station according to a prespecified polling sequence and serves the first move request it encounters. Polling resumes as soon as the device completes serving a move request. The expected waiting times are important for estimating the expected Work-In-Process (WIP) levels at individual stations and to gauge the overall performance of the system. Moreover, the polling sequence itself can affect the expected waiting times. If the device meets the throughput requirement under more than one polling sequence, the results we present can also be used to evaluate alternative polling sequences. In fact, using the analytical results and a numerical example, we show that alternative polling sequences, even if they impose the same `workload factor' on the device, can lead to significantly different expected WIP levels.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	8	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Integrated network of Profibus-DP and IEEE 802.11 wireless LAN with hard real-time requirement	2001	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	This paper focuses on a method to connect mobile devices such as mobile robot, Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) to a fieldbus. In this paper, the IEEE 802.11 wireless LAN is used to extend a Profibus-DP network for the mobile devices. In order to integrate these two networks, a protocol converter is developed that consists of two processes - master process of Profibus-DP and virtual master process of IEEE 802.11 - and a transmission buffer. Furthermore, a virtual polling algorithm is developed at the protocol converter in order to satisfy real-time requirements on data communication.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	27	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Platooning rear vehicle control using vehicle-to-vehicle communication	2001	SAE Technical Papers	A new concept for communication for platooning of leader-follower vehicles is presented. The leader vehicle is equipped by a omni directional camera and laser radar. The omni directional camera can capture a omni directional views and the view information is used to autonomously control the leader vehicle. The laser radar set to the rear part of the leader vehicle detects the relative distance and angle of the follower vehicle. By the information of the relative position and angle of the follower vehicle, control instructions are generated and sent via vehicle-to-vehicle communication between the leader vehicle and the follower vehicle. Copyright  2001 Society of Automotive Engineers, Inc.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Work dispatch and path planning of automobile crane by cure-type GA	2001	Proceedings of the IEEE International Symposium on Assembly and Task Planning	We have developed a system called DPSS that can generate a feasible solution to a combined work dispatch and path-planning problem of a group of hoist cranes in a construction environmental defined as a site-factory. A variation of Genetic Algorithm that takes curing process into consideration is devised to obtain feasible solutions. The site-factory is an assembly field in a construction site where partially prefabricated parts are assembled into a construction unit called a coffee-table module. It consists of three areas with moveable rails in two end (receiving and assembling) areas and fixed rails in the middle (buffer) area. It is noted that the concept of this coffee-table construction method including the concept of site-factory is proposed in the IF7 project of IMS governed by MI-TI.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Engineering (all)	None
Intelligent road rail hybrid transport: A new modality for the rhine-schelde delta	2001	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	An intelligent logistic system for the area of the Rhine-Schelde Delta is presented as an alternative to, the conventional rail and transport systems. The idea is to design a logistically adequate transport system, which does not take up any more space that necessary, has the minimum environment impact with regard to noise and moreover uses little energy.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	1	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Supervisory control for systems of vehicles in path networks	2001	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	The paper is twofold. First we introduce a new concept - A partially directed graph, in which an edge can be undirected or have one of the two possible directions - And examine some of its structural properties. Then we assume that the edge attribute is variable and employ the concept to build a general, discrete event model of a system of vehicles moving in a path network. We examine some dynamic properties of the model and develop a flexible, suboptimal policy ensuring safe operation of the vehicle system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
De Bruijn sequences with efficient decoding algorithms	2001	Discrete Mathematics	A de Bruijn sequence of span n is a periodic sequence in which every n-tuple over the alphabet appears exactly once, starting within the minimal generating cycle of the sequence. The decoding problem for such a sequence is to determine the position of an arbitrary n-tuple over the alphabet. Algorithms that allow this problem to be solved efficiently are important in certain types of position sensing applications. We present constructions for de Bruijn sequences over a variety of alphabets, together with corresponding decoding algorithms, that constitute a significant improvement over existing methods. These results include a construction for binary de Bruijn sequences of arbitrary span whose decoding algorithm is both fast and storage-free.  2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	13	Theoretical Computer Science,Discrete Mathematics and Combinatorics	Construction,De bruijn sequence,Decoding,Position sensing
Velocity kinematic modeling for wheeled mobile robots	2001	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper presents the velocity kinematic modeling of wheeled mobile robots (WMRs) by applying the matrix coordinate transformation to every pairs of WMRs including wheeled pairs which were dealt with ad-hoc manners in the previous methodologies. A wheeled pair is not replaced with a planar pair and its kinematics is formulated together with those of lower pairs, even though there exists 2 DOF motion at a wheeled pair. The proposed method is implemented successfully to obtain the forward velocity kinematics of a WMR, and it is therefore regarded as a real counterpart to the transformation methodologies widely used for the kinematics of the robot manipulators.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	18	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A study for AGV steering control and identification using vision system	2001	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	We experimented on AGV driving test with color CCD camera which setup on it. This paper can be divided into two parts. One is the image processing part to measure the condition of the guideline and AGV. The other is part that obtains the reference steering angle through using the image processing parts. First, the two dimensional information of image derived from vision sensor is interpreted to the 3 dimension information by the angle and position of the CCD camera [1,2]. Through these processes, AGV knows the driving conditions of AGV. After then using the information of those, AGV calculates the reference steering angle changed by the speed of AGV. In the case of low speed, it focuses on the left/right error values of the guideline. As increasing of the speed of AGV, it focuses on the slop of guideline. Lastly, we are to model the above descriptions as the type of PID controller and regulate the coefficient value of it the speed of AGV.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	15	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Development of a navigation and control system for an autonomous outdoor vehicle in a steel plant	2001	Control Engineering Practice	This paper describes the navigation and control system for an autonomous guided outdoor vehicle (AGV) which is used to transport heavy steel slabs in a steel plant area. The vehicle has unconventional kinematics. It has six axles all pair wise steerable by three bogie structures. The weight of the machine is 17,000 kg and its load may weigh up to 95,000 kg. The navigation is based on a fusion of dead reckoning and transponder positioning. The transponders are passive and are buried in the ground every 5-10 m along the routes of the AGV. A wireless communication has been built to connect the vehicle control system and a remote control station. This article concentrates mainly on describing the navigation system including the kinematics and positiong control as well as the safety system and the remote control system.  2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Finland	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous vehicle,Gyroscopes,Kinematics,Navigation system,Position control,Position measurement,Transponder
Material Transport System by Cooperation of Conveyor-Loaded AGVs	2001	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	A new transport module for constructing an efficient and flexible material handling system are proposed in this paper: an AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) module loaded a conveyor in which it is possible to hand over a transported object between two modules. The operation can solve a deadlock problem among AGVs in the process of material handling. Prototype modules are created and hand-over experiments are made to measure three kinds of hand-over costs of the modules. Control strategy is proposed and transport simulations are made for a model plant layout by using the cost values in the former experiments. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed module and control strategy in comparison with singleloop and unidirectional type transportation.  2001, The Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible Manufacturing System,Material Handing System,Production Engineering,Robot,Transportation
Deadlock free task distribution and resource allocation for holonic manufacturing systems based on multi-agent framework	2001	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Holonic manufacturing systems (HMS) are the next wave of manufacturing revolution to deal with dynamic changes. A HMS can be modeled as a cooperative multi-agent system with constraints of production processes and finite resources. Deadlocks may also take place in HMS. Although there are many works on HMS, there is still lack of research known to the author addressing the issue of deadlock in HMS. This paper focuses on modeling of HMS and development of deadlock free task distribution and resource allocation protocol and algorithm based on the framework of multi-agent systems. Our results include: (1)a mathematical multi-agent model for the HMS (2)characterization of deadlock free conditions for task distribution and resource allocation (3)a collaboration network formation process for coordination and negotiation among agents and (4)a class of deadlock free task distribution and resource allocation algorithms based on the deadlock free conditions.  2001 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	Contract net protocol,Deadlock,Holonic manufacturing system,Multi-agent,Resource allocation,Task distribution
Modelling automated material handling in intermodal terminals	2001	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	A model of an intermodal terminal in which freight only arrives and departs stored into containers is presented in this paper. The container terminal is thought of as divided into areas, each one associated with a kind of container handling operation. The complexity of the system to represent is further increased by the fact that the material transportation system inside the terminal is (at least) partially automated. For such a transportation system, made up of different kinds of (unmanned) vehicles, a Petri-net model is proposed, with the objective of regulating its faulty behaviours. An example relevant to a case study is reported to show a practical application of the proposed model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	18	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Experimental evaluation of fuzzy controllers for an outdoor AGV	2001	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Fuzzy logic control is a relatively new technology and hence it needs rigorous comparative experimental analyses with other well-established conventional control schemes. Further, fuzzy controller stability analysis is a major hindrance for its popularity among control engineers. In this paper, stable fuzzy variable structure systems or Sliding Mode Controllers (SMC) and fuzzy PD/PID controllers for steer and drive control of an Autonomous Guided Vehicle (AGV) are developed and implemented on an actual AGV. The synthesized controllers are further assessed against conventional SMC, PD/PID through actual implementation on a moderately sized outdoor AGV.  Springer-Verlag 2001.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Analysis of landmark configuration for absolute positioning of autonomous vehicles	2001	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	Landmark navigation is a common positioning method for material handling vehicles operating in industrial environments. The position is calculated based on relative measurements to landmarks, the locations of which are known in advance. This paper analyzes the sensitivity of absolute positioning techniques to noisy data and landmark configuration, aiming to determine landmark positioning guidelines to improve the accuracy of the material handling vehicle's navigation. An error sensitivity map (ESM) shows the critical zones where calculation is especially susceptible to erroneous data. These zones are then combined with the accuracy required by the operational constraints to determine the preferred landmarks' configuration. Results of analytical and simulated tests and their effect on the vehicle's dynamic performance are presented. Finally, an example that incorporates the analysis results is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	10	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV),Error position,Landmark navigation,Material handling,Triangulation
Selection of circulatory loops for patrol vehicles operating in a network	2001	International Journal of Production Research	Many applications exist in which a vehicle or set of vehicles have the responsibility of patrolling and providing coverage over a wide area or network for the purpose of responding quickly to service requests generated randomly at demand points in the network. One of the decisions in the operation of such patrol vehicles is that of determining the home location or circulatory loop for free or idle vehicles. A vehicle is said to be idle if it is not responding or attending to a service request. Such home location can be a point, a set of points in a network, a circulatory loop, or a set of circulatory loops in the network. The actual number of home locations is system, fleet size, and analyst dependent. Whether a point or loop strategy is implemented, the specification of the home locations or loops is usually done with the objective of improving the response time of idle vehicles to service requests originating from demand stations. In cases where circulatory loop strategy is adopted, the problem is one of determining the best overall circulatory loop or loops that would improve the overall system response time. In a typical conventional or generalized network, several loops may exist. Unless a systematic procedure is developed, non-optimal loops could be selected. In this paper, methodologies for determining the best circulatory loops for patrol vehicles for a given problem scenario in both unidirectional and bidirectional networks are presented. The problem is modelled as a mathematical programming problem. Example problems are given to illustrate the application of the approach. The criterion for optimization is the minimization of the maximum system response time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
A robust tracking controller for mobile robots in the presence of uncertainties in the dynamical model, and its experimental validation	2001	2001 European Control Conference, ECC 2001	2001 EUCA.In this note the trajectory tracking problem for a wheeled mobile base has been addressed, considering the presence of uncertainties in the dynamical model. The proposed solution is based on discrete sliding mode control, in order to ensure both robustness and implementability of the controller. The asymptotic boundedness of the tracking errors has been theoretically proved. The proposed discrete time algorithm has been experimentally tested, performing the experiments on the LAB MATE vehicle available at the Robotics Lab of the University of Ancona, and compared with a kinematic controller proposed in the literature.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Discrete Time Nonlinear Control,Mobile Robots,Robust Control,Sliding Mode Control
Modeling, scheduling, and prediction in wafer fabrication systems using queueing petri net and genetic algorithm	2001	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	Wafer fabrication is one of the most competitive manufacturing business in the world. In order to survive from such strongly competitive environment, finding an effective schedule which can result in higher machine utilization and throughput rate, shorter cycle time, and lower WIP (Work-In-Product) inventory becomes a major task. Besides that, in order to help customers to make ordering decisions as well as to let the manager control the processing conditions of the fab, we need to predict some performance measures efficiently. In this paper, we propose a modeling tool named Queueing-Petri Net (Q-PN) which combines the characteristics of Queueing Theory and Petri Net. It can be used to model various detail of the manufacturing system æ well as to get its performance evaluation very efficiently. Then, a general Q-PN model is presented to simulate the semiconductor manufacturing system. Based on this model, we propose a Genetic Algorithm (GA) based scheduler and an analysis-based predictor. In the GA scheduler, the chromosome represents a combination of scheduling policies, including lot release policies, machine selection rules, dispatch rules and batch rules. So, when the GA finishes its optimization process, an optimal scheduling policy is produced. As for the predictor, because it inherits the analytical property of Queueing Theory from the Q-PN model, we can use it to predict those performance measures efficiently such as the exact due date of some particular lot.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	14	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Human resources development and integrated manufacturing systems	2001	Integrated Manufacturing Systems	This paper records the research on human resources development associated with integrated manufacturing. The research is based on a survey in 18 countries. It is found that only parts of the human resources factors are significantly related to the level of computerised integration. It is also found that the level of integration and the development of human resources vary from country to country. However, the difference in human resources development is bigger than the differences in the level of integration. The country context may be another source for explaining the development of human resources. Future research on revealing the forces driving human resources development is suggested.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	9	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Computer-integrated manufacturing,Human resources development
