The effect of product variety on supply-chain performance	2002	European Journal of Operational Research	We present a stylized model for analyzing the effect of product variety on supply-chain performance for a supply chain with a single manufacturer and multiple retailers. The manufacturer produces multiple products on a shared resource with limited capacity and the effect of changeovers on supply-chain cost is due primarily to setup time rather than setup cost. We show that the expected replenishment lead time and the retailers' costs are concave increasing in product variety and that the increase is asymptotically linear. Thus, if setup times are significant, the effect of product variety on cost is substantially greater than that suggested by the risk-pooling literature for perfectly flexible manufacturing processes, where the cost increases proportionally to the square root of product variety. We demonstrate that disregarding the effect of product variety on lead time can lead to poor decisions and can lead companies to offer product variety that is greater than optimal. The results of our analysis enable decision-makers to quantify the effect of product variety on supply-chain performance and thus to determine the optimal product variety to offer. The results can also be used to evaluate how changes in the manufacturing process, the supply-chain structure, and the customer demand rate can improve the performance of supply chains with high product variety.  2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	108	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Inventory,Optimization,Product variety,Production,Supply chain management
Optimal dispatching control of an AGV in a JIT production system	2002	Production Planning and Control	This paper deals with an FMS (Flexible Manufacturing System) in a JIT (Just-In-Time) production system. The FMS consists of m workstations, one dispatching station and a single AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle). Each workstation has an input buffer of limited capacity and its processing times are distributed stochastically. When the processing of a new component starts at the workstation, a withdrawal Kanban attached to it is sent to the dispatching station. The AGV chooses one from workstations whose withdrawal Kanbans are accumulated at the dispatching station, and conveys a component with a withdrawal Kanban from the dispatching station to the workstation. The main purpose of this paper is to find an optimal dispatching policy of the AGV that maximizes the long-run expected average reward per unit time. The problem is formulated as a semi-Markov decision process and an optimal dispatching policy is computed. Numerical experiments are performed to make several comparisons.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	6	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Optimal dispatching policy,Semi-Markov decision process
Scheduling vehicles in automated transportation systems: Algorithms and case study	2002	OR Spectrum	One of the major planning issues in large scale automated transportation systems is so-called empty vehicle management, the timely supply of vehicles to terminals in order to reduce cargo waiting times. Motivated by a Dutch pilot project on an underground cargo transportation system using Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), we developed several rules and algorithms for empty vehicle management, varying from trivial First-Come, First-Served (FCFS) via look-ahead rules to integral planning. For our application, we focus on attaining customer service levels in the presence of varying order priorities, taking into account resource capacities and the relation to other planning decisions, such as terminal management. We show how the various rules are embedded in a framework for logistics control of automated transportation networks. Using simulation, the planning options are evaluated on their performance in terms of customer service levels, AGV requirements and empty travel distances. Based on our experiments, we conclude that look-ahead rules have significant advantages above FCFS. A more advanced so-called serial scheduling method outperforms the look-ahead rules if the peak demand quickly moves amongst routes in the system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	27	Management Science and Operations Research	Freight transportation,Simulation,Vehicle scheduling
A comparison of the AGV control solution approaches using Petri nets	2002	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Different approaches to the solution of the AGV transportation system control are presented in the paper. The first one is based upon the standard Petri nets extended for control. A way of the process control level modeling is shown. It is a basis for the control of the AGV system at the co-ordination level. An outline of the transportation co-ordination algorithm is described. Another approach is via supervisory control combined with a routing optimization algorithm. Then an approach using colored Petri nets is presented. All approaches are compared.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Slovakia	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	AGV transportation control,Colored Petri nets,Petri nets,Supervisory control
Robust conflict-free routing of bi-directional automated guided vehicles	2002	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Robust conflict-free routing of bi-directional automated guided vehicles (AGV) was discussed. Two algorithms were also proposed to control the AGV system when it was subject to random contingencies, by avoiding conflicts in real time. A shortest time conflict-free AGV path plan was discussed by using Kim et al method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	7	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	AGV system,Conflict-free routing,Robust control
An ultrasonic navigation automatic guided vehicle system used in CIMS	2002	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle) is playing a more and more important role in the material handling system of modern computer integrated manufacturing system (CIMS). Overcoming the drawbacks of traditional ultrasonic sensors, a high-precision, low-cost ultrasonic navigation system used for AGV is developed. System's receiver beacons are located at docking workstation and transmitter beacons are mounted on AGV. The electromagnetic wave is used as system synchronization to trig the TOF counter. To ensure accuracy docking, a transducer equalizer is employed to reach high ranging precision (1mm) with low-cost ultrasonic transducer. In this paper, the design, work principle and system construction of an ultrasonic navigation demo AGV system are presented. Practical navigation experiment on a experimental demo AGV show that: it can meet the need of automatic material handling system of CIMS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	AGV,CIMS,Navigation,Ultrasonic ranging
Life cycle feasibility of a new type of container handling system	2002	Water Studies	Container handling at container terminals can be done with several old and new types of container handling systems, like straddle carriers or Automated Guided Vehicles and Automatic Stacking Cranes. A third type is introduced, based on units with a frame and a belt that runs around this frame by two rolls. This study investigates the economic feasibility of the new system by comparing it with the other two by means of a cost effectiveness analysis over a 20 year period. It was found that the new system is a feasible alternative, so the development of this system should be continued.	Book	b	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Engineering (all)	None
VR-Based teleautonomous system for AGV path guidance	2002	Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2002	Conventionally, automatic guided vehicles (AGV) used in automatic storage/retrieval systems are navigated either by guide wire or by a laser scanner. Those methods restrict the flexibility of AGV path planning and their movement. While teleoperated robots using VR technologies were well developed. This paper proposes therefore an efficient and simple method that provides VR-based AGV path guidance. This system uses the generation of virtual force as force feedback and virtual 3D scene as visual feedback in the teleautonomous control loop, whereas a human intervention is required. To guide an AGV through environments, where some areas are marked as restricted yet not bounded with a closed wall, it is necessary to create a virtual wall in the 3D scene. Whenever the operator drives the AGV near to a predefined forbidden zone or an obstacle, a virtual force exerts on the joystick forbidding further movement. Meanwhile the operator obtains acoustic and visual signal through VR system. Simulation results show that this method provides better AGV guidance with less error.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	4	Engineering (all)	None
Study and implementation of infrared digital guiding on AGV	2002	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	Automatic guided vehicle(AGV) is one of key equipment of logistic automatization systems. Guiding mode possesses the great influence as for the controlling feature of AGV. This paper presents a new method of guiding AGV by infrared digital signal, and introduces the modulating process of guiding signal and the implementing method. The simulated test result indicates that infrared digital guiding have a great deal of characteristics: using is convenient and agility, cost is lower, and guiding is safe and credible.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicle,Digital guiding,Infrared
Non-linear steering control strategy for an optical stripe tracker	2002	International Workshop on Advanced Motion Control, AMC	To understand control system theory in a more interesting way theoretical principles must be implemented by the students in a laboratory prototype. As an example of such a prototype a low cost differential drive mobile robot was constructed with the objective to put together theory and praxis. Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely used in factories and warehouses for material transportation. Most of them follow a stripe or wire path installed on the floor of the operating area. An optical stripe tracker can be easily assembled with low cost components and represents a very interesting system to be controlled by different linear and non-linear control schemes. Following this idea students had to project and implement the steering control of a low cost AGV constructed by themselves using their knowledge from different disciplines. Interdisciplinary work and teamwork are also encouraged. The mathematical analysis of the system plant and the development of a non-linear steering control strategy for this prototype are presented in this article. Simulation and experimental results are also included.  2002 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Highly efficient contactless electrical energy transmission system	2002	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	This paper proposes a new concept for a contactless electrical energy transmission system for an automated guided vehicle. The system has rechargeable batteries on the vehicle and electrical energy is supplied at a specific place. When electric power is supplied to the vehicle, it runs automatically and approaches the battery charger. Therefore, a comparatively large gap is needed between the primary transformer at the battery charger and the secondary transformer on the vehicle in order to prevent damage which would be caused by a collision. In this case, a drop of the transformer coupling rate due to the large gap must be prevented. In conventional contactless electrical energy transmission technology, since electric power is received by a pick-up coil from a power line, a large-sized transformer is required. And when the distance over which the car runs is long, the copper loss of the line also increases. The developed system adopts a high frequency inverter using a soft switching method to miniaturize the transformer. The system has a coupling rate of 0.88 for a transformer gap length of 10 mm and can operate at 91% efficiency.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	39	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,C-I transformer,Contactless electrical energy transmission,Soft switching
Complexities of AGV modeling in newspaper roll delivery system	2002	Winter Simulation Conference Proceedings	Swisslog Logistics Inc., a leader in Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) technologies, proposed to update a major Northeastern newspaper company's AGV press delivery system. The project requirements included the development of a simulation model to confirm the proposed vehicle quantity and controls as well as evaluate the performance of the AGV system in response to press changeovers, peak production, and weekly production scenarios The model provided Swisslog and its customer with the capabilities to evaluate dynamic vehicle scheduling, task priorities, press changeover requirements, vehicle routings and battery charging logic. This paper shall present the concepts and techniques used to model the detailed AGV components necessary to successfully meet the project's objectives.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Chemical Health and Safety,Applied Mathematics	None
Modeling and control design of an AGV	2002	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Decision and Control	The modeling and control design of an Automated Ground Vehicle (AGV) for transporting cargo containers is presented in this paper. As the AGV dynamics has uncertainties, Hâˆž loop-shaping synthesis is used for lateral dynamics control design. Design considerations and implementation are also presented in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation,Control and Optimization	None
Estimation of object kinematics from point data	2002	ASME 2002 International Design Engineering Technical Conferences and Computers and Information in Engineering Conference, IDETC/CIE2002	One of the fundamental problems arising in kinematics is that of determining object position, velocity and acceleration from given point position, velocity and acceleration data. This type of problem is frequently encountered in robotics, biomechanics, real-time control of space structures, automatic guided vehicles, etc. Complications arise when redundant data are used and when the data have errors. Chutakanonta and Gupta proposed two simple and elegant methods for the estimation of object position from the given point position data. The present work is an extension of these methods for estimating the object velocity and acceleration states from the given point position, velocity and acceleration data. The method proposed herein uses Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) to effectively estimate the object velocity and acceleration states. Such matrix decompositions can be performed by using readily available matrix-oriented software like MATLAB and can be successfully used to simplify the solution of the over-determined system of equations encountered in these types of problems. Several hypothetical examples and examples that simulate practical situations are presented to determine the effectiveness, robustness and applicability of the proposed method. The method is found to be very effective in estimating the object velocity and acceleration states in the presence of imprecise and redundant data as well as for nearly co-planar point data. Copyright  2002 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation	Kinematic parameter estimation,Object acceleration,Object velocity,Singular value decomposition
GPS/Encoder Based Precise Navigation for a 4WS Mobile Robot	2002	Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Control, Automation, Robotics and Vision, ICARCV 2002	In this paper, position and orientation estimation with high accuracy based on GPS and encoders for a a four-wheel-steering vehicle (4WS) mobile robot is addressed. An architecture of position and orientation estimation is proposed, which consists of two Extended Kalman Filters and a processing unit of Runga-Kutta-based dead reckoning. The first EKF fuses data from six encoders to estimate the velocity of vehicle and sideslip angle. The second EKF is applied to the estimation of position and orientation based on the measurement from precise GPS data and output from first EKF. To obtain better accuracy of estimation, an arbitrator is designed to switch between EKF2 and dead reckoning. The results and analysis of experiments are presented to show the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	10	Engineering (all)	None
Modeling of an AS/RS serviced by rail-guided vehicles with colored petri nets: A control perspective	2002	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	An Automated Storage and Retrieval System (AS/RS) automatically stores incoming material and retrieves stored parts with no direct human handling. This paper proposes a modular and unified modeling framework for heterogeneous automated storage and retrieval systems, comprising rail guided vehicles and narrow aisle cranes. We employ colored timed Petri nets, representing a concise and computationally efficient tool for modeling the system dynamic behavior, particularly suitable for real time control implementation. Indeed, the model can be utilized in a discrete event simulation to apply control policies in order to solve scheduling problems, as well as to avoid deadlock and collision occurrences.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	Automated storage and retrieval systems,Colored timed Petri nets,Real time control
Laser based sensor systems for automation and intelligent manufacturing	2002	Technical Paper - Society of Manufacturing Engineers. MS	In many industries there is a need for a flexible system, which is capable of picking up some objects of various shapes, weights, and colors with arbitrarily position and orientation. Such system requires recognition and guiding sub-systems. The recognition system includes target function for the recognition sub-system and relation between object characteristics and recognition target. The laser sensor system can be used for such object recognition. Wire-based telemetry and control systems can cause many problems in shop floors and factories, and so there has been a strong growth of interest in wireless guidance like vehicles equipped with laser guiding and navigation systems. This article describes the use of the most advanced laser sensor systems for quantity measurements, guiding, pattern recognition, and vision systems for the inspection purposes. Advanced laser sensor systems are grouped into different categories of navigation, recognition, and machine vision systems and each system is described in detail. As a typical example, a laser guided-mobile robot using a laser navigation system is also described.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Iran	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible,Intelligent,Laser,Manufacturing,Sensor
The extended use of simulation in evaluating real-time control systems of AGVs and automated material handling systems	2002	Winter Simulation Conference Proceedings	Control systems for logistic and transport systems are among the most complex control systems in existence. Currently control systems are only fully tested at the shop floor after commissioning. This means a lot of costly failures occur at the startup stages of control systems. The goal of this paper is to describe the extended role that simulation can play in evaluating of fully automated logistic systems and their control systems before commissioning. We followed a three-step approach in evaluating both logistic and logistic control systems. A simulated control system was used to control simulated, emulated, and real prototypes of logistic resources. Three different simulation packages have been used; Simple++, AutoMod, Arena. The control system was implemented in all three simulation packages to control logistic resources at the Connekt TestSite. The TestSite is a special laboratory for testing new technologies in logistic automation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	14	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Chemical Health and Safety,Applied Mathematics	None
Technologies for autonomous operation in unstructured outdoor environments. Part 1: Navigation	2002	Intelligent Engineering Systems Through Artificial Neural Networks	This paper describes the development of an autonomous navigation system suitable for robot navigation in an outdoor unstructured environment. The navigation system uses a DGPS receiver, digital CCD cameras for navigation and a laser scanner for obstacle detection. The navigation algorithm was developed using a feed forward multi layer neural network; the network was trained using quasi-Newton back propagation algorithm. Software was developed to simulate the performance and efficiency of the algorithm. The network was able to produce a path with a small MSE compared to the targeted path, which was developed using an experienced driver. The network produced acceptable results when tested under different kinds of roads and obstacles.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	5	Software	None
Indoor mobile robot navigation system architecture	2002	Robotics, Automation, Control and Manufacturing: Trends, Principles and Applications - Proceedings of the 5th Biannual World Automation Congress, WAC 2002, ISORA 2002, ISIAC 2002 and ISOMA 2002	This paper deals with the design and implementation of an indoor mobile robot navigation system architecture. The two main parts of our navigation system are a global path planner and a local path planner. For the global path planner, a new strategy has been proposed which does not consider the robot as a point and does not expand the obstacles. The local path planner is based essentially on an ultrasonic perception system, where the covered region of sight is widened and the distance between any two adjacent sensors can be adjusted. Hence, good resolution can be obtained and laterally positioned obstacles with respect to the robot line of sight are well identified. Furthermore, we propose a technique to improve the odometric method, to reduce the systematic errors and to detect the floor irregularities.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Control and Systems Engineering	Floor irregularities,Global path planner,Indoor mobile robot,Local path planner,Systematic errors,Widened angle of sight
An evolutionary multi-objective optimization approach to the topology optimization of auxetic structures	2002	ASME 2002 International Design Engineering Technical Conferences and Computers and Information in Engineering Conference, IDETC/CIE2002	Auxetic structures are ones, which exhibit an in-plane negative Poisson ratio behavior. Such structures can be obtained by specially designed honeycombs or by specially designed composites. The design of such honeycombs and composites has been tackled using a combination of optimization and finite elements analysis. Since, there is a tradeoff between the Poisson ratio of such structures and their elastic modulus, it might not be possible to attain a desired value for both properties simultaneously. The presented work approaches the problem using evolutionary multiobjective optimization to produce several designs rather than one. The algorithm provides the designs that lie on the tradeoff frontier between both properties. Copyright  2002 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	3	Computer Networks and Communications,Information Systems,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Computer Science Applications,Modeling and Simulation	Evolutionary multi-objective optimization,Honeycomb structures,Negative poisson ratio,Topology optimization
Intelligent agent framework to determine the optimal conflict-free path for an automated guided vehicles system	2002	International Journal of Production Research	Agent technology has been considered as an important approach for developing intelligent manufacturing systems. It offers a new way of thinking about many of the classical problems in manufacturing engineering. The conflict resolution of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) environment is one such problem that comes under this category. This paper describe a multi-agent approach to the operational control of AGVs by integration of path generation, enumerating time-windows, searching interruptions, adjusting waiting time and taking decisions on the selection of routes. It presents an efficient algorithm and rules for finding a conflict-free shortest-time path for AGVs, which is applicable to a bi- and unidirectional flow path network. The concept of loop formation in a flow path network is introduced to deal with the parking of idle vehicles, without obstructing the path of moveable AGVs. The concept of loop formation at nodes reduces the timing-taking task of finding the dynamic positioning of idle AGVs in the network.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	34	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Comparison of using dispatching mechanisms in mutli-cell and random flexible manufacturing system	2002	AEJ - Alexandria Engineering Journal	This paper presents a comparative study to evaluate the dispatching mechanisms for multi-Cell Flexible Manufacturing Systems (MCFMS) and Random Flexible Manufacturing Systems (RFMS). The proposed model is based on a number of assumptions. It comprised computer-controlled machine tools, storage buffer areas, receiving area, and a load and an unload stations. The model also included robots and pallets. Parts enter and leave the FMS at load/unload stations and are transferred between machine centers by Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs). Twelve different polices were considered to evaluate the impact of the system design parameters. A simulation run was made for each policy where the design parameters were systematically changed. The obtained results were analyzed under a number of performance criteria. The results show that the overall performance of MCFMS is better than RFMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Egypt	0	Engineering (all)	Dispatching rules,Flexible-manufacturing systems,FMS scheduling,Performance measure
Functional architecture and enabling technologies for distributed shop floor control	2002	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	The control and functional architecture for shop floor control has been studied to manipulate shop floor resources efficiently. In a hierarchical control system, an upper level controller coordinates the activities of a group of lower level controllers in a master-slave manner. Recently, to overcome its various disadvantages, a distributed shop floor control system (SFCS) has been proposed, in which each controller cooperates to manage the entire range of manufacturing activities from order booking through design, production and marketing. Its major characteristics include autonomy, intelligence, and cooperation. Each controller attached to the shop device is required to perform monitoring of external data, decision-making for optimal planning and scheduling, and execution of scheduled tasks. The objective of the paper is to define the modularized functions of each controller in the distributed SFCS that represents the functional architecture. To this end, the functions are gathered and defined for each resource and generalized to build the functional architecture. Moreover, enabling technologies for each function are discussed in the architecture. One such methodology can be plugged into a controller in the implementation stage. Thus, the designed architecture provides a comprehensive insight into the functions and methodologies of the distributed SFCS, which consequently enables the rapid development of a control system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Decentralized autonomous AGV system for material handling	2002	International Journal of Production Research	Decentralized control of an autonomous automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) used for material handling is expected to lead to high system flexibility and robustness. A complete control methodology for decentralized autonomous AGVS control was developed and implemented in a computer-integrated manufacturing environment. The methodology addresses all aspects of AGVS functionality: system management, navigation and load transfer. Hierarchical fuzzy behaviour-based control, a reactive navigation scheme, was expanded to multi-robot control in semistructured environments by incorporating a priori path optimization and right-of-the-way determination.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	42	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
A construction algorithm for designing guide paths of automated guided vehicle systems	2002	International Journal of Production Research	A construction algorithm is suggested to design guide path networks for automated guided vehicle systems (AGVSs). This study uses the total travel time, including waiting and interference time, of vehicles as the decision criteria for determining the direction of path segments on unidirectional guide path layouts. The Q-learning technique is applied to estimate the travel times of vehicles on path segments. Computational experiments were performed to evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm. The simulation results showed that the proposed algorithm is superior to Kim & Tanchoco's (1993) algorithm in terms of the average travel time, the interference time and the number of deliveries.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	19	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
An integrated approach to the facilities and material handling system design	2002	International Journal of Production Research	The facility layout problem involves the optimal location of manufacturing facilities into a workshop. The classical approach to the layout design is carried out in two separate steps: the first step is the construction of the block layout, i.e. the location of the departments into the workshop, and the second step is the design of the material handling system. The separate optimization of these two aspects of the problem leads to solutions that can be far from the total optimum. In this paper, an integrated approach to the facilities and material handling system design is proposed. Referring to a physical model, named the bay structure, and to a unidirectional AGV system, a genetic approach is proposed to individuate the locations of the departments, the positions of the pickup/delivery stations and the direction of the flow-path. The minimization of material handling cost is adopted as optimality criterion.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	33	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Impact of interruptions on schedule execution in flexible manufacturing systems	2002	International Journal of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	Finite capacity scheduling software packages provide a detailed advance plan of production events. However, the execution of this advance plan is disrupted by a myriad of unanticipated interruptions, such as machine breakdowns, yield variations, and hot jobs. The alternatives available to respond to such interruptions include modifying the existing schedule, regenerating the complete schedule, or doing nothing and letting the production system gradually absorb the impact of the interruption. This article reports on a simulation study aimed at understanding the impact of an interruption on a schedule in order to build a knowledge base for intelligent selection of a response from a set of alternatives. The results of the experimental study are used to identify significant major factors and their interactions. The results are discussed to draw insights into the performance of a flexible manufacturing system following an interruption. The causes leading to particular performance anomalies are extensively discussed and mechanisms for propagation and absorption of the effect of interruptions in manufacturing systems are inferred. Practical implications for the development and implementation of schedules are deduced and areas for further research proposed. This study provides the groundwork necessary to proceed with the development of strategies for responding to interruptions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	10	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Absorption,FMS,Interruption,Propagation,Scheduling
Unit load and material-handling considerations in facility layout design	2002	International Journal of Production Research	The effectiveness of a layout design cannot be completely measured if the operational characteristics of the manufacturing system are ignored. There is, therefore, a need to develop integrated manufacturing system design models. In this paper, the integration of unit load and material-handling considerations in a facility layout design is presented. This integration is based on a stochastic model that captures the operational characteristics of the manufacturing system and a nonlinear mixed-integer program that incorporates a department formation and facility layout. The non-linear mixed-integer program is solved using a simulated annealing-based algorithm. Analytical results for different manufacturing system scenarios are presented and compared with results obtained using alternative QAP-type formulations. Based on our experiments and the characteristics of the different formulations, key observations are presented and discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	30	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
AGVs dispatching using multiple cooperative learning agents	2002	High Technology Letters	AGVs dispatching, one of the hot problems in FMS, has attracted widespread interest in recent years. It is hard to dynamically schedule AGVs with pre-designed rule because of the uncertainty and dynamic nature of AGVs dispatching progress, so the AGVs system is treated as a cooperative learning multiagent system, in which each agent adopts multilevel decision method, which includes two level decisions: the option level and the action level. On the option level, an agent learns a policy to execute a subtask with the best response to the other AGVs' current options. On the action level, an agent learns an optimal policy of actions for achieving his planned option. The method is applied to a AGVs' dispatching simulation, and the performance of the AGVs system based on this method is verified.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Biotechnology,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Materials Science (all),Energy (all)	AGVs dispatching,Multi-agent,Multilevel decision,Reinforcement learning
Beam search-based algorithm for flexible manufacturing system scheduling	2002	Journal of Dong Hua University (English Edition)	A new algorithm is proposed for the flexible manufacturing system (FMS) scheduling problem. The proposed algorithm is a heuristic based on filtered beam search. It considers the machines and automated guided vehicle (AGV) as the primary resources. It utilizes system constraints and related manufacturing and processing information to generate machines and AGV schedules. The generated schedules can be an entire scheduling horizon as well as various lengths of scheduling periods. The proposed algorithm is also compared with other well-known dispatching rules-based FMS scheduling. The results indicate that the beam search algorithm is a simple, valid and promising algorithm that deserves further research in FMS scheduling field.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Polymers and Plastics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Algorithm,Beam search,Flexible manufacturing system,Scheduling
Modelling, behavioral analysis and performance evaluation of an automotive assembly plant using Petri nets	2002	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	This paper integrates the modeling, behavioral analysis, performance evaluation and simulation of an automotive assembly system using Petri nets (PNs). The main intent is to put forward the problems encountered in the analysis, which point to flaws in the design. Ideas of system decomposition and modular composition are used. First, deterministic time is associated only with transitions and then, timed Petri nets of each module are converted into an equivalent time-marked graph which has important system properties including liveness, boundedness, and reversibility that guarantee the system to operate in a stable, deadlock-free, and cyclic manner. Then the system's performance is evaluated. Furthermore, simulation models of the modules and the integrated system are generated using the POSES++ software tool. The simulation provided a time-based diagnostic system to detect the problems during the execution of the actual system. The results obtained from this study can be used to modify the system's design to increase its efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Assembly,Behavioral analysis,Event graphs,Modeling,Performance evaluation,Petri nets
Design and analysis of optimal material distribution policies in flexible manufacturing systems using a single AGV	2002	International Journal of Production Research	Modern automated manufacturing processes employ Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) for material handling, which serve several machine centres (MC) in a factory. Waiting time for resources such as AGVs are the longest elements that make up the Manufacturing Lead Time (MLT). Hence, optimal scheduling of AGVs can significantly help to increase the efficiency of the manufacturing process by minimizing the idle time of MCs waiting for the raw materials. In this paper, we will analyse the requirements for an optimal schedule and then provide a mathematical framework for an efficient schedule of material delivery by an AGV. The optimal schedule depends on several factors, such as the processing speeds of MCs, the speed and the material carrying capacity of the AGV, and system dependent overheads (such as loading and unloading time, machine set-up time, distance travelled, etc). A mathematical model is developed and then a strategy for optimal material distribution of the available raw material to the MCs is derived. With this model, the optimal number of MCs to be utilized will also be determined. Finally, the material delivery schedule employing multiple journeys to the MCs by the AGV will be carried out. Through rigorous analysis and simulation experiments, we shall show that such a delivery strategy will optimize the overall performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	15	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Deadlock-free scheduling in flexible manufacturing systems using Petri nets	2002	International Journal of Production Research	This paper addresses the deadlock-free scheduling problem in Flexible Manufacturing Systems. An efficient deadlock-free scheduling algorithm was developed, using timed Petri nets, for a class of FMSs called Systems of Sequential Systems with Shared Resources (S4R). The algorithm generates a partial teachability graph to find the optimal or near-optimal deadlock-free schedule in terms of the firing sequence of the transitions of the Petri net model. The objective is to minimize the mean flow time (MFT). An efficient truncation technique, based on the siphon concept, has been developed and used to generate the minimum necessary portion of the reachability graph to be searched. It has been shown experimentally that the developed siphon truncation technique enhances the ability to develop deadlock-free schedules of systems with a high number of deadlocks, which cannot be achieved using standard Petri net scheduling approaches. It may be necessary, in some cases, to relax the optimality condition for large FMSs in order to make the search effort reasonable. Hence, a User Control Factor (UCF) was defined and used in the scheduling algorithm. The objective of using the UCF is to achieve an acceptable trade-off between the solution quality and the search effort. Its effect on the MFT and the CPU time has been investigated, Randomly generated examples are used for illustration and comparison. Although the effect of UCF did not affect the mean flow time, it was shown that increasing it reduces the search effort (CPU time) significantly.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	52	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Evaluation of combined dispatching and routeing strategies for a flexible manufacturing system	2002	Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part B: Journal of Engineering Manufacture	This paper is concerned with the evaluation of combined dispatching and routeing strategies on the performance of a flexible manufacturing system. Three routeing policies: no alternative routeings, alternative routeings dynamic and alternative routeings planned are considered with four dispatching rules with finite buffer capacity. In addition, the effect of changing part mix ratios is also discussed. The performance measures considered are makespan, average machine utilization, average flow time and average delay at local input buffers. Simulation results indicate that the alternative routeings dynamic policy gives the best results in three performance measures except for average delay at local input buffers. Further, the effect of changing part mix ratios is not significant.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	2	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Alternative routeings,Control strategies,Dispatching,Flexible manufacturing system,Simulation
Stable fuzzy state space controller for lateral control of an AGV	2002	Journal of VLSI Signal Processing Systems for Signal, Image, and Video Technology	The primary focus of the paper is on the development of an intelligent control scheme, which is insensitive to parametric uncertainty, load and parameter fluctuations and most importantly amenable for real time implementation. In this paper, we present a stable Lateral Fuzzy Controller (LAFC) for an outdoor Autonomously Guided Vehicle (AGV), which is a converted electrically powered golf-car. The controller performance is assessed both through simulations and experimental results. It is established that the fuzzy logic controller (FLC) yields good performance even under uncertain and variable parameters in the model, unlike the computed torque technique (CTT) or conventional PID control. In terms of real-time implementation the reduced computational complexity of the fuzzy controller as compared to the CTT, makes the fuzzy controller, an ideal choice amongst the two schemes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	5	Signal Processing,Information Systems,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fuzzy PD control,Fuzzy sliding mode control,Lateral control,Sliding mode control,Stability
Comparative evaluation of existing and innovative rail-road freight transport terminals	2002	Transportation Research Part A: Policy and Practice	The paper evaluates technical and logistics developments that could lead to increased economic and technical efficiency of rail-road transport terminals. The main design parameters are identified (length and utilisation of transhipment tracks, train and truck arrival behaviour/patterns, type and number of handling equipment, mean stacking height in the storage area, terminal access system and procedures) and analysed. A comparative evaluation of selected conventional and advanced technologies is performed by use of an analysis tool that was developed on purpose. This tool consists of three modules (an expert system, a simulation model and a cost calculation module). The overall outcome of the analysis is a number of costversus-volume curves for various terminal configurations. The paper concludes with two groups of results: (a) a comparative evaluation of conventional and advanced technologies that reveals similarities in terms of track numbers and the associated area requirements as well as differences in terms of layout flexibility, number of equipment, stacking policies and personnel requirements. Each design is proved effective for a certain cargo volume range. (b) A critical assessment of terminal capacity issues. It is identified that the capacity limitations are imposed mainly by the sidings/transhipment track sub-system rather than by the handling equipment.  2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	107	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation,Management Science and Operations Research	Conventional/innovative handling equipment,Expert systems,Rail-road freight transport terminals,Simulation
The state of the art in simulation study on FMS scheduling: A comprehensive survey	2002	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	Scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) has been one of the most attractive areas for both researchers and practitioners. A considerable body of literature has accumulated in this area since the late 1970s when the first batch of papers was published. A number of approaches have been adopted to schedule FMSs, including simulation techniques and analytical methods. Numerous articles can be found on each of these approaches. This paper reviews scheduling studies of FMSs which employ simulation techniques as an analysis tool, since simulation is the most widely used tool for modelling FMSs. Scheduling methodologies are categorised into simulation of general scheduling studies, multi-criteria scheduling approaches, and artificial intelligence (AI) approaches in FMSs. Comments on the publications, and suggestions for further research and development are given.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	63	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Artificial intelligence (AI),Flexible manufacturing systems,Multi-criteria,Scheduling,Simulation
Vehicle travel time models for AGV systems under various dispatching rules	2002	International Journal of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	The design and evaluation of AGV-based material handling systems are highly complex because of the randomness and the large number of variables involved. Vehicle travel time is a fundamental parameter for solving various flexible manufacturing system (FMS) design problems. This article presents stochastic vehicle travel time models for AGV-based material handling systems with emphasis on the empty travel times of vehicles. Various vehicle dispatching rules examined here include the nearest vehicle selection rule and the longest idle vehicle selection rule. A simulation experiment is used to evaluate and demonstrate the presented models.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	32	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Analytic model,Vehicle travel time
Agent-based material handling and inventory planning in warehouse	2002	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Agent technology has become popular in the last few years as an effective approach to develop software and hardware systems. Our research applies this technology to warehouse systems. Since warehouse system is crucial to the success of supply-chain systems, objective of our research is to implement a framework of warehouse system based on the agent technology. This paper proposes an agent-based model for warehouse system, which is called AWAS (Agent-based model for WArehouse System). AWAS is composed of three subsystems, or agent-based communication system (ACS), agent-based material handling system (AMATH), and agent-based inventory planning and control system (AIPCON). These subsystems are designed to cooperate together to facilitate just-in-time exchange of orders and materials. Under these subsystems, seven kinds of basic agents are defined, including customer, supplier, order, inventory, product, supplier-order, and automatic-guided vehicle (AGV) agents. We will describe our approach in designing and implementing warehouse systems simulation with agents. Using a prototype system which was developed based on the model, the paper presents some results of simulation to show the validity of the model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	53	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	AGV,Inventory planning and control,Material handling system,Multi-agent system,Supply-chain,Warehouse
The past, present, and future of supply-chain automation	2002	IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine	The trend nowadays is to automate intercompany and company-to-customer relationships, also called collaboration, using the Internet. Through this, it is possible to receive orders from a global customer and fulfill them automatically with minimal human intervention. The limiting factors, however, are the country infrastructure and the lack of trust between humans. This paper discusses the history of automation from the viewpoints of material-flow, information-flow, supervision and control, and relationship automation and identify future directions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	41	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Integration of mobile vehicles for automated material handling using Profibus and IEEE 802.11 networks	2002	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	This paper focuses on a method to integrate mobile devices such as a mobile robot, automated guided vehicle, and unmanned container transporter to form an automated material handling system. In this paper, the stationary devices are connected via a Profibus network while the mobile devices are communicating via an IEEE 802.11 wireless LAN. In order to integrate these two networks, a protocol converter is developed on a PC platform that runs two interacting processes with shared internal buffers. The protocol converter performs a role of translator between two different protocols by converting the format of a data frame. In addition to this basic conversion function, the protocol converter has a virtual polling algorithm to reduce the uncertainty involved in accessing the wireless network. Finally, the integrated network of Profibus and IEEE 802.11 is experimentally evaluated for its data latency and throughput, which shows the feasibility of the Profibus-IEEE 802.11 network for industrial applications involving mobile devices.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	70	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Fieldbus,IEEE 802.11,Industrial network,Performance evaluation,Profibus,Protocol converter,Wired network,Wireless LAN,Wireless network
Adaptive production scheduling of virtual production systems using object-oriented Petri nets with changeable structure	2002	International Journal of Production Research	Virtual Production Systems (VPSs) are logically constructed by organizing production resources belonging to one or more physical manufacturing systems. VPSs can enhance the agility of manufacturing systems. However, an effective scheduling approach is required to cope with disturbance and changes to these systems. An adaptive production scheduling method is proposed. Object-oriented Petri nets with changeable structure (OPNs-CS) formulate the scheduling problem of VPSs. To resolve resource constraints in a VPS, the OPNs-CS is modified by introducing limited token available time and by revising the enabling and firing rules. The artificial intelligent heuristic search (A*) algorithm is modified and applied to generate the optimal or near optimal schedule. When a VPS encounters any disturbance, an estimate of the effects of the disturbance can be estimated by simulation on the OPNs-CS model. If the scheduling target (completion time) is not affected, rescheduling is not required. Whenever there is a change to the VPS, the TOPNs-CS model is updated to refresh VPS schedule. A case study is presented to demonstrate the procedures for applying the proposed scheduling approach. The given case study shows that the proposed approach is capable of scheduling a VPS dynamically in response to disturbances and changes are involved.  2002 Taylor and Francis Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	15	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Multiagent AGV dispatching system based on hierarchical reinforcement learning	2002	Kongzhi yu Juece/Control and Decision	Hierarchical reinforcement learning is an effective method of solving decision problems for complex systems with enormous number of states. AGV dispatching system needs dynamic dispatching rules because of its discrete and dynamic properties. Multiagent with the capacity of MaxQ hierarchical reinforcement learning is implemented in real-time AGV dispatching by high performance learning and cooperation. The simulation testifies the efficiency of this method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Control and Optimization,Artificial Intelligence	AGV dispatching,Cooperative multiagent,Hierarchical reinforcement learning,MaxQ method
Supply facility and input/output point locations in the presence of barriers	2002	Computers and Operations Research	This paper studies a facility location model in which two-dimensional Euclidean space represents the layout of a shop floor. The demand is generated by fixed rectangular-shaped user sites and served by a single supply facility. It is assumed that (i) communication between the supply point and a demand facility occurs at an input/output (I/O) point on the demand facility itself, (ii) the facilities themselves pose barriers to travel and (iii) distance measurement is as per the L1 -metric. The objective is to determine optimal locations of the supply facility as well as I/O points on the demand facilities, in order to minimize total transportation costs. Several, increasingly more complex, versions of the model are formulated and polynomial time algorithms are developed to find the optimal locations in each case. In a facility layout setting, often a new central supply facility such as a parts supply center or tool crib needs to be located to serve the existing demand facilities (e.g., workstations or maintenance areas). The demand facilities are physical entities that occupy space, that cannot be traveled through, and that receive material from the central facility, through a perimeter I/O (input/output or drop-off/pick-up) point. This paper addresses the joint problem of locating the central facility and determining the I/O point on each demand facility to minimize the total material transportation cost. Different versions of this problem are considered. The solution methods draw from and extend results of location theory for a class of restricted location problems. For practitioners, simple results and polynomial time algorithms are developed for solving these facility (re) design problems.  2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	19	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Facility layout,Location with barriers,Minisum location,Optimal I/O point location,Rectilinear metric,Shortest path
Event-based controller to avoid deadlock and collisions in zone-control AGVS	2002	International Journal of Production Research	Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVSs) are the most flexible means to transport pieces among workstations of an Automated Manufacturing System (AMS). The traffic control of such systems must be in charge of avoiding collisions and deadlock conditions. This paper formulates a zone-control scheme to face this problem in real time, based of the knowledge of the AGVS operative conditions. Starting from some theoretical results already stated in the context of deadlock avoidance in AMS, some algorithms are proposed to control, in real time, path assignments to the vehicles and their moves from zone to zone in the system. A final discussion compares the proposed approach with other methods offered by the recent literature.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	76	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
An integrated model for the design of end-of-aisle order picking system and the determination of unit load sizes of AGVs	2002	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In this paper, we deal with an assembly line production system in which an automated guided vehicle (AGV) delivers parts to each workstation of assembly lines from a miniload automated storage/retrieval system (AS/RS). Each assembly production line is characterized by a sequence of workstations linked together for the production of a given type of product. We consider simultaneously the design problem of miniload AS/RS and the problem of determining a unit load size of the AGV. First, a non-linear mathematical model is formulated under a proposed AGV dispatching policy. And then, we determine an appropriate sequence of lines of the vehicle visits. Finally, based on the characteristics of the objective function and feasible region of the decision variables, a heuristic solution procedure is developed to find a near optimal solution. To examine the validity of the model, an example problem is solved.  2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	24	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Design problem,Miniload automated storage/retrieval systems,Unit load size
Experimental testing of a discrete-time sliding mode controller for trajectory tracking of a wheeled mobile robot in the presence of skidding effects	2002	Journal of Robotic Systems	This article addresses the trajectory tracking problem for a wheeled mobile base, considering the presence of disturbances that violate the nonholonomic constraint, and using an approximated discrete-time model for the vehicle. The proposed solution is based on discrete-time sliding mode control, in order to ensure that the controller is both robust and implementable. The asymptotic boundedness of the discrete-time tracking errors is theoretically proved, and experimental results are reported, showing the effectiveness of the proposed control law.  2002 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	87	Control and Systems Engineering	None
A dynamic scheduling algorithm for a multiple-load multiple-carrier system	2002	International Journal of Production Research	The importance and benefits of using multiple-load carriers in advanced manufacturing systems has been well documented in recent studies. A Dynamic Scheduling Algorithm (DSA) for multiple-load carriers was developed and analysed in the present study using a manufacturing system arranged around a single loop serviced by several multiple-load carriers. In order to evaluate the DSA performance, criteria measures such as throughput, cycle time, WIP and carrier utilization were chosen and compared through simulation with those achieved by three other scheduling rules, Least Work remaining (LWKR), Maximum Utilization (MAX_UT) and First Come First Serve (FCFS). The simulation results also serve to analyse the effect that the carrier fleet size has on the above criteria measures when total carrying capacity is kept constant.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	13	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Design of material handling equipment selection system: an integration of expert system with analytic hierarchy process approach	2002	Integrated Manufacturing Systems	A key task in the material handling system design process is the selection and configuration of equipment for material transport and storage in a facility. Material handling equipment selection is a complex, tedious task. However, there are few tools other than checklists to assist engineers in the selection of appropriate, cost-effective material handling equipment. This paper describes the development of an intelligent material handling equipment selection system called MHESA (Material Handling Equipment Selection Advisor). The MHESA is composed of three modules: a database to store equipment types with their specifications; a knowledge-based expert system for assisting material handling equipment selection; and an analytic hierarchy process (AHP) model to choose the most favorable equipment type. The concept proposed in this paper can automate the design of material handling equipment selection system, and provides artificial intelligence in the decision-making process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	36	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Analytical hierarchy process,Expert systems
Dynamic routing in automated guided vehicle systems	2002	JSME International Journal, Series C: Mechanical Systems, Machine Elements and Manufacturing	A dynamic routing method for automated guided vehicles that run on a bi-directional guide path network is suggested. This is an extension of previous dispatching methods that are called "semi-dynamic routing." In the previous methods, although current traffic status is considered for finding the conflict-free fastest route, it is assumed that active schedules of previously planned vehicles cannot be altered when a schedule for a new vehicle is introduced. In the full-dynamic routing method of this study, it is assumed that the schedules of previously planned vehicles can be altered by introducing the schedule of a new vehicle. In order to evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm, computational experiments are performed. The results showed that the proposed algorithm reduces the average travel time of vehicles and improves the throughput of a manufacturing system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Algorithm,Automated guided vehicle,Dynamic routing
Design, Simulation, and Evaluation of Automated Container Terminals	2002	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	Due to the boom in world trade, port authorities are looking into ways of making existing facilities more efficient. One way to improve efficiency, increase capacity, and meet future demand is to use advanced technologies and automation in order to speed up terminal operations. In this paper, we design, analyze, and evaluate four different automated container terminal (ACT) concepts. These concepts include automated container terminals based on the use of automated guidance vehicles (AGVs), a linear motor conveyance system (LMCS), an overhead grid rail system (GR), and a high-rise automated storage and retrieval structure (AS/RS). We use future demand scenarios to design the characteristics of each terminal in terms of configuration, equipment and operations. A microscopic simulation model is developed and used to simulate each terminal system for the same operational scenario and evaluate its performance. A cost model is used to evaluate the cost associated with each terminal concept. Our results indicate that automation could improve the performance of conventional terminals substantially and at a much lower cost. Among the four concepts considered the one based on automated guidance vehicles is found to be the most effective in terms of performance and cost.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	143	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automated container terminal (ACT),Control logic,Cost model,Simulation
Binocular-vision-based position sensor with PSDs and its application to mobile robot following	2002	IEE Proceedings: Science, Measurement and Technology	A new binocular-vision-based position sensor with position sensitive devices (PSDs) is proposed. The features of the sensor are easy handling and fast processing, for detecting other travelling objects in a mobile robot system. The measurable range of angle in the lens-and-PSD sensor is restricted due to the image surface bulge of the lens. Thus, the proposed position sensor is controlled by stepping motors to face the light source in the prerunning car. The principle of the proposed position sensor is described and the characteristics of a trial sensor are discussed. Experimental results demonstrate the suitability of this position sensor for mobile robot systems.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	4	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Rolling path planning of mobile robot in a kind of dynamic uncertain environment	2002	Zidonghua Xuebao/Acta Automatica Sinica	Robot path planning in globally unknown environment with moving obstacles is studied. Using the rolling optimization concept adopted in predictive control, a new strategy of path planning based on rolling windows for a mobile robot is proposed. The method makes full use of the real-time local environmental in formation detected by the robot and the path planning is performed on line in a rolling style. Optimization and feedback are combined in a reasonable way. It is well suitable to dynamic uncertain environment. The safety and accessibility of the planning algorithm are also discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	49	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Information Systems,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Accessibility,Robot path planning,Rolling plan,Safety
A distributed, event-driven control architecture for flexibly automated manufacturing systems	2002	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	This paper presents a new distributed real-time control architecture for flexibly automated production systems. The modelling assumptions underlying the design are driven by, and abstract, the structure and operations of the emerging 300 mm semiconductor manufacturing fab, one of the most extensively automated environments in contemporary manufacturing. The key element of the controller design itself, which differentiates it from past efforts, is the distribution of the control function to the constituent components of the system shop-floor architecture, while maintaining both the logical correctness and the efficiency of the system behaviour. The architecture was designed to be easily implementable in the actual system shop-floor, and therefore is aligned with, and augments, current practices in these environments. From a theoretical perspective, the proposed design has employed, integrated and extended a series of theoretical results from the field of Discrete Event Dynamical Systems. It is our expectation that the proposed architecture will also provide a formal framework for further analytical studies on the performance evaluation and performance-oriented control/scheduling of the considered class of manufacturing systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	15	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Simulation analysis of pneumatic tube systems	2002	Journal of Medical Systems	Pneumatic tube systems play an important material handling role in many hospitals. These systems are costly and complex to design and operate, yet little exists in the way of analytical methodologies for them. We present a decision support framework based on defining relevant system performance metrics, traffic analysis reporting, as well as discrete event simulation modeling. We have used this approach to analyze numerous pneumatic tubes systems in the United States and present a representative case study from a large tertiary care hospital. Our general approach can be generalized to other computer controlled hospital operational systems such as elevators, track vehicles, automatic guided vehicles, workflow enabled processes, and laboratory automation systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	5	Medicine (miscellaneous),Information Systems,Health Informatics,Health Information Management	Decision support,Material handling,Pneumatic tube system,Simulation
Vision for mobile robot navigation: A survey	2002	IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence	This paper surveys the developments of the last 20 years in the area of vision for mobile robot navigation. Two major components of the paper deal with indoor navigation and outdoor navigation. For each component, we have further subdivided our treatment of the subject on the basis of structured and unstructured environments. For indoor robots in structured environments, we have dealt separately with the cases of geometrical and topological models of space. For unstructured environments, we have discussed the cases of navigation using optical flows, using methods from the appearance-based paradigm, and by recognition of specific objects in the environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	967	Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	Computer vision,Indoor navigation,Mobile robotics,Navigation,Outdoor navigation
Deadlock avoidance in an automated guidance vehicle system using a coloured Petri net model	2002	International Journal of Production Research	This paper addresses the problem of deadlock control in automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems for automated manufacturing systems with unidirectional guided paths. First, a Petri net (PN) model was developed for the problem. Then, by using the PN model developed, the condition for deadlock-free operation in AGV system and a control law are presented. To avoid deadlocks in AGV systems by this law, one needs only to observe the state of the system and check the number of free spaces available in some of the circuits. It is estimated that the proposed control law is simple enough to be used in the real-time control of contemporary system configuration. Three examples are used to show the application and efficiency of the proposed control law.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	47	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
A comparison of different AGV dispatching rules in an automated container terminal	2002	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2002 IEEE.Booming in the world trade, scarcity of land for yard expansion in many ports, and deployment of new massive megasltips have magnified the need for finding better ways of performing container terminal operations. Automated Container Terminals (ACTs) using Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), with high operation efficiency and requiring less land, can thus become potential candidates for meeting future demand for higher capacity. However, the operation performance of ACT using AGVs also depends an the AGV dispatching rules. A comparison of different AGV dispatching rules has to be investigated in order to realize which dispatching rule is more suitable to be implemented in the terminal operations. In this paper, the performance of four different heuristic AGV dispatching rules in a container terminal operation is investigated. These dispatching rales are popular and easy to be implemented in the field of existing manufacturing systems. Simulations are used to perform terminal operation of using those rules. The result shows that the minimum yard crane queue size rule can achieve the best throughput performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	23	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
A Petri net based approach for AGV dispatch scheduling and fleet size determination	2002	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2002 IFAC.In machine job shops with automated guided vehicles (AGVs) as mean of transportation of job parts, it's usually hard to determine the optimal fleet size of AGVs for achieving a desired performance. In this paper a heuristic AGV dispatching algorithm is constructed based on the concept of ideal pipeline and Petri Net theory to balance the job part scheduling and AGV dispatching that minimize the number of AGVs for achieving zero idle time of the machine. The problem is formulated as polynomial equations owing to the mathematical property of Petri Net and since obtaining the optimal solution is computationally difficult, a way to circumvent the difficulty is necessary for the real application of the algorithm. A heuristic dispatching algorithm that schedules the dispatch of AGVs on a selected window basis is used to reduce the computation time and makes the dispatching algorithm capable of real time implementation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Dispatching,Heuristic,Petri net,Scheduling
Numerical study of variations of airflow induced by a moving automatic guided vehicle in a cleanroom	2002	Journal of the Chinese Institute of Engineers, Transactions of the Chinese Institute of Engineers, Series A/Chung-kuo Kung Ch'eng Hsuch K'an	The variations of airflow induced by a moving automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in a vertical laminar flow cleanroom are studied numerically. From a viewpoint of fluid mechanics, the characteristic of the variations of the airflow induced by a moving object is dynamic and is classified as a moving boundary problem. A Galerkin finite element formulation with an arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian (ALE) kinematic description method is adopted to analyze this problem. Three different moving velocities of the AGV under Reynolds number Re=500 and two different positions of the wafer cassette are considered. The results show that the formation of recirculation zones, which are disadvantageous for removing contaminants, is remarkably dependent on the moving velocity of the AGV and the position of the wafer cassette.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Engineering (all)	AGV,Cleanroom,FEM,Recirculation zones
A new lower bound for scheduling of FMS based on AGV material handling	2002	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2002 IFAC.This paper addresses the simultaneous job input sequencing and vehicle dispatching problems in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) using a single device Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS). A Branch and Bound approach based on simulation has been previously developed. However, efficient easily computable lower bounds are still required to provide solutions for small and medium size problems. In this paper a new lower bound is proposed and benchmarks proved that this lower bound outperforms the lower bound previously published.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle systems,Branch and bound,Flexible manufacturing systems,Lower bound,Scheduling algorithms
Holonic coordination and control of an automated guided vehicle system	2002	Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems typically utilize a central controller to assign transportation tasks among vehicles. Because of their rigidity, centralized architectures are not suitable for modern manufacturing with its rapidly changing markets, demands for products with higher quality, smaller batch sizes, customer specifications, and shorter delivery times. This research applies concepts from Holonic Manufacturing Systems (HMS) to develop a decentralized architecture for the coordinated control of AGVs. Simulation results compare the proposed method with the traditional centralized approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	4	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	None
A bidding-based control strategy for multiple-load automated guided vehicles	2002	Journal of the Chinese Institute of Industrial Engineers	In this paper, we propose a bidding-based control strategy for multiple-load automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a JIT manufacturing system with flexible processing and routing capabilities. In the proposed control strategy, we not only need to solve the problem of dispatching which vehicle to pick up which part, but also need to consider the due dates of parts and the utilization rates of vehicles. We are also required to develop an effective and efficient route planning method to help vehicles find the best routes to perform their tasks. Simulation experiments are then conducted to test the performance of the proposed control strategy. Our experimental results indicate that the proposed control strategy can produce satisfactory results.  2002 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Bidding-based control,Flexible processing and routing,JIT,Multiple-load AGV
A deadlock avoidance strategy for AGV systems modelled by coloured Petri nets	2002	Proceedings - 6th International Workshop on Discrete Event Systems, WODES 2002	2002 IEEE.Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVSs) are material handling devices representing an efficient and flexible alternative for material handling. The vehicles follow a guidepath under computer control that assigns route, tasks, velocity, etc. However, the design of AGVSs has to take into account some management problems such as collisions and deadlock. This paper presents a control strategy to avoid deadlock and collisions in zone controlled AGVSs. In particular, the control scheme manages the assignments of new paths and next zone acquisition. Moreover, we propose coloured timed Petri nets to model the AGVS structure and dynamics. The model allows us an easy implementation of the control strategy working on the basis of the knowledge of the system state.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Modeling and Simulation	None
Guidance and control of affordable guided airdrop system	2002	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2002 IFAC.This paper addresses the development of an autonomous guidance, navigation and control system for a flat solid circular parachute. This effort is a part of the Affordable Guided Airdrop System (AGAS) that integrates a low-cost guidance and control system into fielded cargo air delivery systems. The paper describes the AGAS concept, its architecture and components. It further proceeds with the description of the control strategy based on Pontrjagin's principle of optimality. The paper ends with the results of the final AGAS demonstration performed at the U.S. Army Yuma Proving Ground in September, 2001.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Flight control,Optimal control
Control Strategy for Dispatching Multi-load Automated Guided Vehicles in a Deadlock-Free Environment	2002	Journal of Mathematical Modelling and Algorithms	The issue of avoiding deadlocks in unmanned automated manufacturing systems with automated guided vehicle systems is addressed in this paper. In the automated guided vehicle systems, multi-load vehicles are used. A simple and easily adoptable deadlock-free real-time vehicle control strategy is developed for this type of vehicle, by using an intelligent rule-based method. The proposed strategy uses the global information and current states of the system to control the resource allocation. Based on the proposed strategy, the system resource can be appropriately allocated and utilized efficiently. A hypothetical system is built to investigate the performance of the proposed vehicle control strategy and to discuss the interactions between the fleet size, queuing capacity, and vehicle loading capacity by computer simulation tool.  2002 Kluwer Academic Publishers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	8	Modeling and Simulation,Applied Mathematics	deadlock-free,multi-load automated guided vehicle system,real-time vehicle control strategy,resource allocation
Reactive navigation of autonomous guided vehicle using fuzzy logic	2002	2002 Student Conference on Research and Development: Globalizing Research and Development in Electrical and Electronics Engineering, SCOReD 2002 - Proceedings	2002 IEEE.In this paper, reactive navigation of an autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) is described using the fuzzy logic technique. Typically AGV has the ability to operate and move purposely without human intervention and reactive navigation is one of the robot navigation methods used in dealing with the uncertainties and ambiguity of the information of the path that the robot traverses. Fuzzy logic is chosen to control the AGV due to its strength in incorporating the knowledge of an experienced operator. Two fuzzy controllers are designed for controlling the steering angle and speed of the AGV. These will be based on the distance and angle of obstacles. The navigation simulation will be performed using MATLAB.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Malaysia	8	Biomedical Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Education	None
A guide path network design method for automated guided vehicle systems using Q-learning	2002	Nippon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	In this paper, a guide path design method is suggested for automated guided vehicle systems using Q-learning technique. Numerous manufacturing companies have recognized various advantages of Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) for material handling. These advantages include the flexibility in transportation, the improved space utilization, and the lead-time reduction. With the rapid advance of the state of art technology for AGVS, the application of AGVS to automated manufacturing systems has been more popular than ever before. However, the design of the guide-path network has been considered as one of difficulties in the application of AGVS. By applying the Q-learning technique, it is possible to consider the traffic congestion at intersections or at pickup/delivery stations, and interference among vehicles on bi-directional path segments. It is discussed how the Q-learning technique can be applied to the guide path design problem. A numerical experiment was performed to evaluate the performance of the rules obtained from the learning process for the network design. The result of this research is compared with those by previous studies.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS),Guide Path Design,Q-Learning
Scheduling and routing algorithms for AGVs: A survey	2002	International Journal of Production Research	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are now becoming popular in automated materials handling systems, flexible manufacturing systems and even container handling applications. In the past few decades, much research has been devoted to the technology of AGV systems and rapid progress has been witnessed. As one of the enabling technologies, scheduling and routing of AGVs have attracted considerable attention. Many algorithms for the scheduling and routing of AGVs have been proposed. However, most of the existing results are applicable to systems with a small number of AGVs, offering a low degree of concurrency. With a drastically increased number of AGVs in recent applications (e.g. in the order of a hundred in a container handling system), efficient algorithms are needed to resolve the increased contention of resources (e.g. path, loading and unloading buffers) among AGVs. This survey paper first gives an account of the emergence of the problem of AGV scheduling and routing. It then differentiates it from several related problems and classifies major existing algorithms for the problem. Finally, the paper points out fertile areas for future study of AGV scheduling and routing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	222	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Integrated design with classification of transporter routing for AGV systems	2002	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	This paper presents an integrated design for an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system. Three kinds of integration problems are solved: transporter routings are classified; the number of AGVs for the systems is determined; and suitable flow paths are calculated for the various kinds of transporter routings. The flow paths are calculated by solving an iterative direct problem using a genetic algorithm (GA). The set of transporter routings, the number of AGVs, and the flow path of the AGV systems are constructed with simulations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Flow-path design,Transporter routing
Simulation in the development of a control strategy for an automated guided vehicle system	2002	Systems Analysis Modelling Simulation	An automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) consists of several automated guided vehicles (AGV) operating concurrently to achieve a specific task. Decentralized, autonomous control of AGVS used for material handling in manufacturing environments is expected to lead to high system efficiency, flexibility and robustness. The simulations developed and used for the development process of a decentralized control methodology based on a hierarchical fuzzy behavior-based architecture for the control of an AGVS are presented.  2002 Taylor & Francis Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	2	Modeling and Simulation,Applied Mathematics	AGV,Behavior-based,Control,Fuzzy logic,Material handling,Mobile robots,Simulation
Optimal solution for the flow path design problem of a balanced unidirectional AGV system	2002	International Journal of Production Research	An optimal flow path layout (FPL) design method is introduced as a handy tool for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system planing stage. The problem is analysed and formulated by linear mixed-integer programming. A procedure based on the branch-and-bound depth-first search technique is proposed to solve the FPL problem. The procedure is implemented as an efficient computer program and yields an optimal solution in a small number of iterations. Using the transportation model for calculating the required and optimal flow of empty vehicles, system balance is achieved. Finally, two examples are given. A simple illustrative example is discussed to demonstrate the procedure, and a realistic FPL problem with 23 nodes, 66 arcs and nine pick-up/delivery stations is solved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	39	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Life cycle feasibility of a new type of container handling system	2002	WIT Transactions on the Built Environment	Container handling at container terminals can be done with several old and new types of container handling systems, like straddle carriers or Automated Guided Vehicles and Automatic Stacking Cranes, A third type is introduced, based on units with a frame and a belt that runs around this fi-ame by two rolls, This study investigates the economic feasibility of the new system by comparing it with the other two by means of a cost effectiveness analysis over a 20 year period, It was found that the new system is a feasible alternative, so the development of this system should be continued.  2002 WIT Press, Ashurst Lodge, Southampton, SO40 7AA, UK. All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Netherlands	0	Architecture,Civil and Structural Engineering,Building and Construction,Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Arts and Humanities (miscellaneous),Transportation,Safety Research,Computer Science Applications	None
Petri net modeling and analysis of automated container terminal using automated guided vehicle systems	2002	Transportation Research Record	Booming world trade, scarcity of land for yard expansion in many ports, and deployment of new, massive megaships have magnified the need to find better ways of performing container terminal operations. Automated guided vehicle systems (AGVS) have been proposed as possible candidates for future automated container operation because of their ability to significantly improve the performance of container terminals. However, before the deployment of AGVS, computer model simulations to investigate the potential problems are necessary to successfully implement the system. Petri net is a well-known modeling tool that, with the advantages of its graphic nature and the availability of mathematical analysis techniques, is clearly suitable for the application of automated container terminal systems (ACTS) modeling. A timed-place petri net (TPPN) model of ACTS using automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is constructed. The TPPN model contains a transportation layout module, two unit submodels, an AGV unit submodel, and a crane unit submodel. The transportation layout module serves as a basic unit to construct the transportation road map of the system. The AGV unit submodel is used to model the traveling behavior of the AGV on a node-to-node basis, and the crane unit submodel is used to model the crane's container-loading and -unloading movement. A collision-free control rule, which is primely modeled using inhibitor and actuator arcs, is embedded in the submodels to ensure a collision-free environment for the AGVs. The important properties of the model such as liveness, safeness, and reversibility are analyzed.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	United States	9	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Undirected colored Petri net for modelling and supervisory control of AGV systems	2002	Proceedings - 6th International Workshop on Discrete Event Systems, WODES 2002	2002 IEEE.This paper presents closed AGV systems with bidirectional guide path networks, zone control for avoiding collisions, and dynamic route planning. An AGV system is represented as a colored Petri net with undirected arcs and directed tokens, which substantially reduces the number of net components and simplifies the insight into the model. We study the problem of marking liveness and associate this property with the permanent ability of the vehicles to attain any edge in the network. The requirement is a weak form of marking liveness, as it does not require that each transition be live with respect to each of its colors. For the analysis of the net dynamics, we introduce the notion of a partially directed graph, that is, a graph which can have both directed and undirected edges. The results allow us to determine uniquely the character (live or not-live) of states in the system, which can thus be applied in the design of the supervisory control for AGV systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	12	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Networks and Communications,Modeling and Simulation	None
Incorporating workflow interference in facility layout design: The quartic assignment problem	2002	Management Science	Although many authors have noted the importance of minimizing workflow interference in facility layout design, traditional layout research tends to focus on minimizing the distance-based transportation cost. This paper formalizes the concept of workflow interference from a facility layout perspective. A model, formulated as a quartic assignment problem, is developed that explicitly considers the interference of workflow. Optimal and heuristic solution methodologies are developed and evaluated.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	12	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Facility Layout Analysis,Heuristics,Nonlinear Optimization,Quartic Assignment Problem
Design for a new type of AGV based on machine vision	2002	Jixie Gongcheng Xuebao/Chinese Journal of Mechanical Engineering	The structure, functions and principle about a new type of AGV based on machine vision-JLUIV-3 are introduced. Some methods about identifying the guidance path by machine vision and the optimum control of path tracking are presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	13	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics	AGV,Machine vision,Optimum control
Adaptive vector quantization for reinforcement learning	2002	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2002 IFAC.Dynamic programming methods are capable of solving reinforcement learning problems, in which an agent must improve its behavior through trial-and-error interactions with a dynamic environment. However, these computational algorithms suffer from the curse of dimensionality (Bellman, 1957) that the number of computational operations increases exponentially with the cardinality of the state space. In practice, this usually results in a very long training time and applications in continuous domain are far from trivial. In order to ease this problem, we propose the use of vector quantization to adaptively partition the state space based on the recent estimate of the action-value function. In particular, this state-space partitioning operation is performed incrementally to reflect the experience accumulated by the agent as it explores the underlying environment.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Intelligent control,Learning algorithm,Robot navigation,Vector quantization
A path generation algorithm of an automatic guided vehicle using sensor scanning method	2002	KSME International Journal	In this paper, a path generation algorithm that uses sensor scannings is described. A scanning algorithm for recognizing the ambient environment of the Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) that uses the information from the sensor platform is proposed. An algorithm for computing the real path and obstacle length is developed by using a scanning method that controls rotating of the sensors on the platform. The AGV can recognize the given path by adopting this algorithm. As the AGV with two-wheel drive constitute a nonholonomic system, a linearized kinematic model is applied to the AGV motor control. An optimal controller is designed for tracking the reference path which is generated by recognizing the path pattern. Based on experimental results, the proposed algorithm that uses scanning with a sensor platform employing only a small number of sensors and a low cost controller for the AGV is shown to be adequate for path generation.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	9	Mechanical Engineering	AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle),Path Generation,Path Recognition,Path Tracking,Scanning Method,Sensor Platform
Concepts of networking for the work-pieces guiding in FMS shop	2002	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	Generally, the information packets can be transferred in a complicated communication network correctly without any care. The idea may highlight one to realize the automated guiding of work-pieces in FMS shop. To follow various routing procedures of different types of work-piece (WP), a special structure of "head-code" attached with the interface of WP is designed that can be understood by machine-center (MC), automated guided vehicles (AGV) or other material handling System (MHS). Besides, a routing list that denotes the next expected machine for different types of WP is stored in head-code of WP or every machine to help the processed WP arriving new destination.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Active network equivalence,FMS shop,Path guiding,Protocol design,Routing-table
Conditions and restrictions for product line generation migration	2002	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2002.In this paper we describe a case study of a company in the domain of automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) that is in the process of migrating from a previous generation of software product line, which has mainly been centered around hardware, into a new product line generation, which will be software-centered. We describe the issues motivating this transition, and the factors that complicate it. Moreover, we present a three stage process for migrating into a new software product line. This process is currently initiated in collaboration with the aforementioned company.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Safe cooperative robot dynamics on graphs	2002	SIAM Journal on Control and Optimization	This paper introduces the use of vector fields to design, optimize, and implement reactive schedules for safe cooperative robot patterns on planar graphs. We consider automated guided vehicles (AGVs) operating upon a predefined network of pathways. In contrast to the case of locally Euclidean configuration spaces, regularization of collisions is no longer a local procedure, and issues concerning the global topology of configuration spaces must be addressed. The focus of the present inquiry is the definition, design, and algorithmic construction of controllers for achievement of safe, efficient, cooperative patterns in the simplest nontrivial example (a pair of robots on a Y-network) by means of a hierarchical event-driven state feedback law.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	20	Control and Optimization,Applied Mathematics	AGV,Configuration spaces,Graph network,Hierarchical control
Multiagent AGVs' dispatching system using multilevel decisions method	2002	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	An AGVs dispatching system needs dynamic and distributed dispatching policies in FMS. This research addresses a multilevel decision and cooperative learning method to solve this problem. Each AGV is treated as a rational agent, which has two level decisions. On the option level an agent will to make decision to execute a subtask with the best response to the other AGV's current option. On the action level, an agent will learn an optimal policy of actions for achieving his planned option. To implement the multilevel decision, we use markov games and RL (reinforcement learning) algorithm on the option level and a memory based algorithm RL on the action level. We apply our method to a AGVs' dispatching simulation and show results.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	5	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Vehicle anagement of AMHS in 300MM wafer fab	2002	Journal of the Chinese Institute of Industrial Engineers	In this paper, a vehicle management framework for connecting transport of automated material handling system (AMHS) in 300mm wafer fab, which integrates the interbay and intrabay systems, is proposed. Based on operational area of vehicles, we extend our previous study and propose â€œvehicle typeâ€ concept for vehicle management in the AMHS. Three types of vehicle management scheme are analysed and discussed, in order to assign vehicles flexibly and improve performance of transport environment. These include 1) fixed vehicle type, 2) virtual vehicle type, and 3) dynamic vehicle type.  2002 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS,Interbay,Intrabay,Wafer fabrication
Routing and scheduling for permutation circulation-type vehicle routing system	2002	Nippon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	This paper discusses a material handling system which we call permutation circulation-type vehicle routing system (denoted PCVRS). The PCVRS consists of a guide path of single loop-type (called the loop), multiple vehicles and multiple stages. Each vehicle unidirectionally and repeatedly circulates on the loop without passing, and processes a job on stages located along the loop. Increasing the number of vehicle for getting higher throughput (i.e., the number of jobs processed per hour), interferences between vehicles occur, which increase travel time of vehicles, resulting in deterioration of system performances. This paper discusses two types of interferences, which may occur when jobs have different processing times, and considers the modification of operation policy consisting of routing and scheduling to decrease the interferences. This paper proposes an operation policy called "order-SPT", and discusses its performances such as mean travel time, throughput and queue length by means of simulation experience, validates superiority of the order-SPT operation policy.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Interference,Routing,Scheduling,Simulation,Vehicle routing system
Position and orientation estimation with high accuracy for a car-like vehicle	2002	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	2002 IEEE.In this paper, position and orientation estimation with high accuracy based on GPS and encoders for a car-like vehicle is addressed. A novel architecture of position and orientation estimation is proposed, which consists of two Extended Kalman Filters and a processing unit of Runga Kutta-based dead reckoning. The first EKF fuses data from five encoders to estimate the velocity of vehicle and sideslip angle. The second EKF is applied to estimate position and orientation based on the measurement from precise GPS data and output from first EKF. To obtain better accuracy of estimation, an arbitrator is designed to switch on or off appropriate processing unit (EKF2 or dead reckoning). The results and analysis of experiments are presented to show the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	6	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Real-time deadlock detection and recovery for automated manufacturing systems	2002	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	The deadlock problems of automated manufacturing systems (AMS) are discussed in this paper. A dynamic-edge graph (DEG) with double labels was designed to model the AMS, to identify distinct part flows, to represent the states and capture the concurrent behaviour of the AMS. In the AMS, we assume that each resource has its own unit-capacity buffer to which it can be transferred when a deadlock situation occurs. The motivation of this research was to define the state of each part and propose a simple, dynamic and adaptable approach, based on double labels and some basic concepts in graph theory, for detecting a deadlock in real time and resolving deadlocks' in the AMS. Through this approach both the utilisation of resources and the overall throughput can be improved. The proposed algorithmic procedure, in accordance with the states arrived at and generated from the model, can serve as a functional module for the operation of an AMS without the need to revise the original control extensively. In addition, the proposed procedure can be used cooperatively with a dispatching controller and expanded with little modification.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Algorithm,Automated manufacturing systems,Deadlock,Graph theory
An optimal cart moving policy for a flexible manufacturing system	2002	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	A flexible manufacturing system is composed of many stations such as a load/unload station, a set of workstations, and a common buffer, that are linked together with a material handling system. Each workstation consists of a limited input buffer, a single machine and a limited output buffer. The material handling system consists of a single cart moving parts in the system according to the process paths required by the parts. A part is blocked when it is moved to a workstation but cannot enter the workstation. The function of the common buffer is to temporarily store blocked parts. A blocked part is treated in accordance with a flexible manufacturing system blocking mechanism. We model the flexible manufacturing system by a closed queueing network with the flexible manufacturing system blocking mechanism and a block-dependent static Markov part routing. An optimal cart moving policy that maximizes the expected system throughput is formulated as an undiscounted semi-Markov decision process. Several properties of the optimization problem are characterized. A loop approach is developed for finding an optimal policy. An example is given to illustrate the methodology, and investigate its convergence.  2002, Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Supervisory control for multiple mobile robots in 2D space	2002	Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Robot Motion and Control, RoMoCo 2002	2002 Poznan Univ of Technol.Proposes a control architecture for a multiple mobile robot system, and within this framework concentrates on the robot motion coordination problem. A DES-based supervisory control is developed that formally ensures collision and deadlock avoidance between a group of robots concurrently accomplishing their missions in a common 2D space.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	7	Artificial Intelligence,Control and Systems Engineering	None
An optimal cart moving policy for a flexible manufacturing system	2002	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	A flexible manufacturing system is composed of many stations such as a load/unload station, a set of workstations, and a common buffer, that are linked together with a material handling system. Each workstation consists of a limited input buffer, a single machine and a limited output buffer. The material handling system consists of a single cart moving parts in the system according to the process paths required by the parts. A part is blocked when it is moved to a workstation but cannot enter the workstation. The function of the common buffer is to temporarily store blocked parts. A blocked part is treated in accordance with a flexible manufacturing system blocking mechanism. We model the flexible manufacturing system by a closed queueing network with the flexible manufacturing system blocking mechanism and a block-dependent static Markov part routing. An optimal cart moving policy that maximizes the expected system throughput is formulated as an undiscounted semi-Markov decision process. Several properties of the optimization problem are characterized. A loop approach is developed for finding an optimal policy. An example is given to illustrate the methodology, and investigate its convergence.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
State estimation for autonomous guided vehicle using the extended Kalman filter	2002	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2002 IFAC.This paper presents a four-wheel drive autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) system designed to transport unmanned control transportation (UCT) standard cargo containers in seaport environments. A model vehicle is simulated and experimented in laboratory and in a prepared road at speed up to 3 m/s. The navigation system is based on the use of encoder, gyro, and transponders at known locations in the environment. A general method for the construction of a positioning system is proposed, which is based on an extended Kalman filter (EKF) and commercially available navigation sensors in an absolute coordinate of AGV. The kinematics model and observation models are adapted for EKF application. Simulation result shows good performances of the AGV state estimator.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous Guided Vehicle,Encoder,Extended Kalman filter,State estimator,Transponder,Unmanned Control Transportation
Prioritized automatic material handlig services in 300mm foundry manufacturing	2002	2002 Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology Workshop, SMTW 2002	2002 IEEE.This paper presents a heuristic approach for differentiating material handling services in a highly automated environment of 300mm foundry manufacturing. A preemptive dispatching policy, Highest Priority Job (HF'J) first, is proposed to expedite the movement of high priority products while keeping acceptable the incurred delays on regular ones. Simulation experiments based on realistic data from a local 300mm foundry fab are conducted. Numerical results demonstrate that the proposed policy is excellent in reducing the transport delays of high priority products to some extremes. Features of HPJ are also discussed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	5	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	300mm manufacturing,AMHS,Hot lot,OHT dispatching,Wafer foundry
Dynamics of a motor vehicle taking into consideration the interaction of wheels and road pavement surface	2002	Transport	The authors of this article focus on the simulation of the motor vehicle on a certain road and propose their specific solution of this problem. A mathematical model of the system â€œmotor vehicle - roadâ€ is presented. The motor vehicle is simulated by concentrated masses interconnected by elastic and dissipative links. The presented model of the motor vehicle evaluates the movement of the motor vehicle body in space; the movement and turning of front and rear suspensions with respect to the body; the interaction of the wheel with the road pavement surface; the blocking of the wheel; the changing cohesive forces which influence the motor vehicle. The investigated road pavement surface is simulated by triangular finite elements, the certain height of road pavement surface roughness and the cohesion coefficients of road pavement surface and the motor vehicle wheel in the longitudinal and transverse directions of the wheel are selected in each finite element nodal point. The presented results illustrate: the motor vehicle movement trajectories braking at various initial conditions and on a certain pavement surface of the road section under investigation and the motor vehicle driving on the speed reduction bump (â€œsleeping policemanâ€).  2002 Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Lithuania	13	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Dynamics,Interaction,Mathematical simulation,Motor vehicle,Road pavement surface,Wheel
Modeling and control of holonic manufacturing systems based on extended contract net protocol	2002	Proceedings of the American Control Conference	This paper focuses on conflict resolution and control in the context of holonic manufacturing systems based on cooperative agents. Holonic manufacturing systems requires a robust mechanism to dynamically allocate the available resources to achieve the production goal. Conflicts among agents usually occur when multi-agent framework is applied to control manufacturing systems. Conflicts take place if more than two agents requesting the same resources to carry out their actions. An effective conflict resolution mechanism to dynamically and robustly allocate available resources to achieve the goal of production is the key to optimization of performance and resource utilization. In this paper, a framework is proposed to adaptively synthesize Petri Nets to control holonic manufacturing systems based on the contract net protocol to resolve conflicts and Petri Nets to model the system and test feasibility of commitment.  2002 American Automatic Control Council.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A microcomputer controlled ICPT power pick-up and its EMC considerations for moving sensor applications	2002	PowerCon 2002 - 2002 International Conference on Power System Technology, Proceedings	2002 IEEE.This paper presents a microcomputer controlled inductively coupled power transfer (ICPT) power pick-up circuit for moving sensor applications. The new software based control schemes are compared with the existing analogue ones. The flexibility of using the software over the hardware in changing control variables and control schemes is demonstrated. The required power transfer capacity and the correct operating voltage for the moving sensor are obtained using a new microcomputer controlled power pick-up. Furthermore, EMC (electromagnetic compatibility) concerns of the moving sensors under such a switched mode power supply are investigated. The harmonic spectrums of different control strategies are compared and the PWM (pulse width modulation) control with a fixed fast-switching frequency is found to be a better solution in terms of EMC filtering design. This work is particularly important in designing a contactless power supply system for moving sensor applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	14	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Fuel Technology,Renewable Energy, Sustainability and the Environment	Electro-magnetic interference,Micro-computers,Power control,Power supplies,Resonant power conversion
Modeling and performance evaluation for automated material handling systems in a 300mm foundry fab	2002	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	In this paper, a modeling methodology for conceptual design of automated material handling system using distributed colored timed Petri net (DCTPN) will be developed. The IC fabrication process-flow model is constructed and integrated with AMHS models. Especially, in IC fabrication process-flow modeling, a method called virtual tool group will be proposed to solve the problem in modeling tool-coupling effects. From this entire fab model, several performance indexes, such as WIP, bottleneck detection, cycle time, wafer operation history tracking, and vehicle utilization can be evaluated from DCTPN simulation result.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	4	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Localization and guidance with an embarked camera on a mobile robot	2002	Advanced Robotics	In this paper, a new method using the Hough transform to correct the drift of the mobile robot CESA is presented. The corrections are made by direct observation. As an illustration, an algorithm implemented is detailed, and experiment results for CESA navigation in our laboratory's corridor and trajectory generation are given.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Algeria	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications	Calibration,Hough transform,Mobile robot,Navigation strategy,Robotic vision
Traffic analysis of a network-based control system using the CAN	2002	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2002 IFAC.This paper deals with an architecture of network-based control system using the CAN(Controller Area Network) protocol and its traffic analysis. It is difficult to determine an optimal network-based control architecture for a specific AGV(Autonomous Guided Vehicle) system with a manipulator arm. The fixed number of periodic messages to be occurred is pre-defined in the system. To determine whether the proposed system architecture is effective or not, we perform traffic analysis for the real-time communication of all messages. Through simulations, the range of transmission speed is found satisfying the required conditions and the permissible number of additional sensors is investigated for improving the system performance, when the sampling periods of analog sensors are determined under fixed condition that the transmission speed is over 500Kbps.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	3	Control and Systems Engineering	CAN(Controller Area Network),End-to-end communication,Network-based control system,Real-time,Time delay
Using simulation to design an automated underground system for transporting freight around Schiphol Airport	2002	Interfaces	To avoid road congestion, we are developing a highly automated underground transport system using automatic guided vehicles (AGVs) around Schiphol Airport. It is unique in its scale, incorporating 16 to 25 km tubes connecting five to 20 terminals, and it includes 200 to 400 AGVs to transport an estimated 3.5 million tons of cargo in 2020 with different ordering priorities. According to the current plans, the system will run from 2006 on. Since 1997, we have used object-oriented simulations to plan the dimensions of the system (number of AGVs, terminal sizes) and to design the layout (network, terminals). We showed that an investment reduction of plus or minus 20 percent is feasible using periodically switched one-way tube sections. We developed a variety of logistics optimization algorithms and heuristics, including allocating AGVs between terminals, scheduling terminals, and controlling traffic. We used simulation control structures to test prototype AGVs on a test site. Performing distributed simulations with a mixture of simulated and real objects, we could reduce the risks of the new technology.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	23	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Management of Technology and Innovation	None
An evolutionary multi-objective optimization approach to the topology optimization of auxetic structures	2002	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	Auxetic structures are ones, which exhibit an in-plane negative Poisson ratio behavior. Such structures can be obtained by specially designed honeycombs or by specially designed composites. The design of such honeycombs and composites has been tackled using a combination of optimization and finite elements analysis. Since, there is a tradeoff between the Poisson ratio of such structures and their elastic modulus, it might not be possible to attain a desired value for both properties simultaneously. The presented work approaches the problem using evolutionary multiobjective optimization to produce several designs rather than one. The algorithm provides the designs that lie on the tradeoff frontier between both properties.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Egypt	0	Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Evolutionary Multi-Objective Optimization,Honeycomb Structures,Negative Poisson Ratio,Topology Optimization
Adaptation of Lowe's camera pose recovery algorithm to mobile robot self-localisation	2002	Robotica	This paper presents an adaptation of Lowe's numerical model-based camera localisation algorithm to the domain of indoor mobile robotics. While the original method is straightforward and even elegant, it nonetheless exhibits certain weaknesses. First, due to an affine approximation, the method is not consistent with perspective projection especially when the dimensions of objects seen are large in comparison with their distances to the camera. Next, the non-linearity of equations makes convergence properties sensitive both to the initial solution estimate and to noise. By taking the specificity and exigency of the mobile robotics domain into account, a new formulation of this method is proposed in order to improve efficiency, accuracy and robustness in the presence of noisy data and variable initial conditions. According to this formulation, line correspondences are used rather than points, the number of degrees of freedom is reduced, the affine approximation is removed and rotation is uncoupled from translation. Test results with both synthetic and real images illustrate the improvements expected from theoretical modifications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	2	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Lowe's camera,Mobile robotics,Pose recovery,Self-localisation
Coordinating the motions of multiple robots with specified trajectories	2002	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	Coordinating the motions of multiple robots operating in a shared workspace without collisions is an important capability. We address the task of coordinating the motions of multiple robots when their trajectories (defined by both the path and velocity along the path) are specified. This problem of collision-free trajectory coordination arises in welding and painting workcells in the automotive industry. We identify sufficient and necessary conditions for collision-free coordination of the robots when only the robot start times can be varied, and define corresponding optimization problems. We develop mixed integer programming formulations of these problems to automatically generate minimum time solutions. This method is applicable to both mobile robots and articulated arms, and places no restrictions on the number of degrees of freedom of the robots. The primary advantage of this method is its ability to coordinate the motions of several robots, with as many as 20 robots being considered. We show, that, even when the robot trajectories are specified, minimum time coordination of multiple robots is NP-hard.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	89	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A model to image straight line matching method for vision-based indoor mobile robot self-location	2002	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	An efficient and simple method for matching image features to a model is presented. It is designed to indoor mobile robot self-location. It is a two stage method based on interpretation tree search approach and using straight line correspondences. In the first stage a set of matching hypothesis is generated. Exploiting the specificity of the mobile robotics context, the global interpretation tree is divided into two sub-trees and then two geometric constraints are defined directly on 2D-3D correspondences in order to improve pruning and search efficiency. In the second stage, the pose is calculated for each matching hypothesis and the best one is selected according to a defined error function. Test results illustrate the performances of the approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	10	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	Feature matching,Model-based localisation,Object recognition,Vision-based localisation
On-road vehicle detection using Gabor filters and support vector machines	2002	International Conference on Digital Signal Processing, DSP	2002 IEEE.On-road vehicle detection is an important problem with application to driver assistance systems and autonomous, self-guided vehicles. The focus of this paper is on the problem of feature extraction and classification for rear-view vehicle detection. Specifically, we propose using Gabor filters for vehicle feature extraction and Support Vector Machines {SVMs) for vehicle detection. Gabor filters provide a mechanism for obtaining some degree of invariance to intensity due to global illumination, selectivity in scale, and selectivity in orientation. Basically, they are orientation and scale tunable edge and line detectors. Vehicles do contain strong edges and lines at different orientation and scales, thus, the statistics of these features (e.g., mean, standard deviation, and skewness) could be very powerful for vehicle detection. To provide robustness, these statistics are not extracted from the whole image but rather are collected from several sub images obtained by sub diving the original image into sub windows. These features are then used to train a SVM classifier. Extensive experimentation and comparisons using real data, different features (e.g., based on Principal Components Analysis (PG4)), and different classifiers (e.g., Neural Networks (AWs)) demonstrate the superiority of the proposed approach which has achieved an average accuracy of 94.81% on completely novel test images.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	155	Signal Processing	None
Automatic optimization of multi-paradigm declarative programs	2002	Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (Subseries of Lecture Notes in Computer Science)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2002.Thispap er investigatesthe optimization by fold/unfold of functional-logic programswith operational semanticsbas ed on needed narrowing. Transformation sequences are automatically guided by tupling, a powerful strategy that avoids multiple accesses to data structures and redundant sub-computations. We systematically decompose in detail the internal structure of tupling in three low-level transformation phases (definition introduction, unfolding and abstraction with folding) that constitute the core of our automatic tupling algorithm. The resulting strategy is (strongly) correct and complete, efficient, elegant and realistic. In addition (and most important), our technique preserves the natural structure of multi-paradigm declarative programs, which contrasts with prior pure functional approachesthat produce corrupt integrated programswith (forbidden) overlapping rules.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	5	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Modeling and analysis of congestion in the design of facility layouts	2002	Management Science	Reducing manufacturing lead times and minimizing work-in-process (WIP) inventories are the cornerstones of popular manufacturing strategies such as Lean, Quick Response, and Just-in-Time Manufacturing. In this paper, we present a model that captures the relationship between facility layout and congestion-related measures of performance. We use the model to introduce a formulation of the facility layout design problem where the objective is to minimize work-in-process (WIP). In contrast to some recent research, we show that layouts obtained using a WIP-based formulation can be very different from those obtained using the conventional quadratic assignment problem (QAP) formulation. For example, we show that a QAP-optimal layout can be WIP-infeasible. Similarly, we show that two QAP-optimal layouts can have vastly different WIP values. In general, we show that WIP is not monotonic in material-handling travel distances. This leads to a number of surprising results. For instance, we show that it is possible to reduce overall distances between departments but increase WIP. Furthermore, we find that the relative desirability of a layout can be affected by changes in material-handling capacity even when travel distances remain the same. We examine the effect of various system parameters on the difference in WIP between QAP- and WIP-optimal layouts. We find that although there are conditions under which the difference in WIP is significant, there are those under which both layouts are WIP-equivalent.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	74	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research	Facility layout,Material handling,Performance evaluation,Quadratic assignment problem,Queueing networks
Control of mobile robots with uncertainties in the dynamical model: A discrete time sliding mode approach with experimental results	2002	Control Engineering Practice	In this note the trajectory tracking problem for a wheeled mobile base has been addressed, considering the presence of uncertainties in the dynamical model. The proposed solution is based on discrete sliding mode control, in order to ensure both robustness and implementability of the controller. The asymptotic boundedness of the tracking errors has been theoretically proved. The proposed discrete time algorithm has been experimentally tested, performing the experiments on the LABMATE vehicle available at the Robotics Lab of the University of Ancona, and compared with a kinematic controller proposed in the literature.  2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	59	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Discrete time nonlinear control,Mobile robots,Robust control,Sliding mode control
Multi-agent control of holonic manufacturing systems based on Petri Net	2002	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2002 IFAC.Holonic manufacturing systems requires a robust and effective mechanism to reorganize available resources to cope with uncertainties to achieve the production goal. This paper combines the contract net protocol and Petri net to adaptively synthesize Petri net to control holonic manufacturing systems. The main results include: (1) a multi-agent model for holonic manufacturing systems based on contract net protocol, (2) a collaboration network formation process to reorganize resources to accomplish a task, (3) a collaborative Petri net model of collaborative networks and (4) characterization of liveness conditions to award contracts in multi-agent systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Control and Systems Engineering	Agents,Flexible manufacturing systems,Petri net,Production control
Detection, tracking and avoidance of multiple dynamic objects	2002	Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems: Theory and Applications	Real-time motion planning in an unknown environment involves collision avoidance of static as well as moving agents. Strategies suitable for navigation in a stationary environment cannot be translated as strategies per se for dynamic environments. In a purely stationary environment all that the sensor can detect can only be a static object is assumed implicitly. In a mixed environment such an assumption is no longer valid. For efficient collision avoidance identification of the attribute of the detected object as static or dynamic is probably inevitable. Presented here are two novel schemes for perceiving the presence of dynamic objects in the robot's neighborhood. One of them, called the Model-Based Approach (MBA) detects motion by observing changes in the features of the environment represented on a map. The other CBA (cluster-based approach) partitions the contents of the environment into clusters representative of the objects. Inspecting the characteristics of the partitioned clusters reveals the presence of dynamic agents. The extracted dynamic objects are tracked in consequent samples of the environment through a straightforward nearest neighbor rule based on the Euclidean metric. A distributed fuzzy controller avoids the tracked dynamic objects through direction and velocity control of the mobile robot. The collision avoidance scheme is extended to overcome multiple dynamic objects through a priority based averaging technique (PBA). Indicating the need for additional rules apart from the PBA to overcome conflicting decisions while tackling multiple dynamic objects can be considered as another contribution of this effort. The method has been tested through simulations by navigating a sensor-based mobile robot amidst multiple dynamic objects and its efficacy established.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	26	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Clustering-based approach,Collision avoidance,Dynamic objects,Fuzzy rule-base,Model-based approach,Real-time detection and tracking,Sensor-based mobile robot
Estimation of object kinematics from point data	2002	Proceedings of the ASME Design Engineering Technical Conference	One of the fundamental problems arising in kinematics is that of determining object position, velocity and acceleration from given point position, velocity and acceleration data. This type of problem is frequently encountered in robotics, biomechanics, real-time control of space structures, automatic guided vehicles, etc. Complications arise when redundant data are used and when the data have errors. Chutakanonta and Gupta proposed two simple and elegant methods for the estimation of object position from the given point position data. The present work is an extension of these methods for estimating the object velocity and acceleration states from the given point position, velocity and acceleration data. The method proposed herein uses Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) to effectively estimate the object velocity and acceleration states. Such matrix decompositions can be performed by using readily available matrix-oriented software like MATLAB and can be successfully used to simplify the solution of the over-determined system of equations encountered in these types of problems. Several hypothetical examples and examples that simulate practical situations are presented to determine the effectiveness, robustness and applicability of the proposed method. The method is found to be very effective in estimating the object velocity and acceleration states in the presence of imprecise and redundant data as well as for nearly co-planar point data.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	Kinematic Parameter Estimation,Object Acceleration,Object Velocity,Singular Value Decomposition
Issues in managing manufacturing flexibility: A review	2002	Global Journal of Flexible Systems Management	2002, Global Institute of Flexible Systems Management.This paper attempts at surveying the available literature on issues related to management of manufacturing flexibilities in the context of flexible manufacturing technology (FMT), comprising chiefly of advanced manufacturing systems (AMSs) such as flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs), computer integrated manufacturing (CIM) systems, intelligent manufacturing machines etc. In the preamble, the paper discusses various connotations of flexibility in general, manufacturing flexibility, measures of flexibility, opinions and trends in flexibe and agile manufacturing, and the types, suitability, and justifiaction of FMSs.Then the issues directly related to managing manufacturing flexibility-such as the technological, system-integration, organizational, managerial, strategic, interfacing, economic, and social-are discussed. State of the research and limitations of the existing approaches are outlined next and the paper concludes pointing out areas for further research.	Journal	j	re	Review	India	14	Business and International Management,Strategy and Management	Connotations,Flexibility,Issues,Management,Manufacturing
