Modular analysis of systems composed of semiautonomous subsystems	2004	Proceedings - Fourth International Conference on Application of Concurrency to System Design, ACSD 2004	This paper reviews a proposal for the modular analysis of Petri nets and its applicability to factory automation systems. It presents new algorithms to harness this modular analysis in the determination of reachable states with specified partial markings, to determine possible deadlocks, both global and local, and also liveness. These algorithms have been implemented in a prototype tool which has then been used to solve a problem in factory automation which, even for relatively simple configurations, can lead to state spaces beyond the capabilities of many analysis tools.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	19	Engineering (all)	None
Designing the layout of single- and multiple-rows flexible manufacturing system by genetic algorithms	2004	Journal of Materials Processing Technology	The paper presents a model of designing of the flexible manufacturing system (FMS) in one or multiple rows with genetic algorithms (GAs). First the reasons for studying the layout of devices in the FMS are discussed. After studying the properties of the FMS and perusing the methods of layout designing the genetic algorithms methods was selected as the most suitable method for designing the FMS. The genetic algorithm model, the most suitable way of coding the solutions into the organisms and the selected evolutionary and genetic operators are presented. In the model, the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) for transport between components of the FMS were used. In this connection, the most favourable number of rows and the sequence of devices in the individual row are established by means of genetic algorithms. In the end the test results of the application made and the analysis are discussed.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Slovenia	57	Ceramics and Composites,Computer Science Applications,Metals and Alloys,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Facility layout,Flexible manufacturing systems (FMS),Genetic algorithms (GAs),Optimization
A simulator for AGV system modeling	2004	8th Korea-Russia International Symposium on Science and Technology - Proceedings: KORUS 2004	In this paper, we studied about AGVs modeling and material handling automation simulation using a virtual AGV. The proposed virtual AGV model that operates independently each other is based on a real AGV. Continuous straight-line and workstation model using vector drawing method that could easily, rapidly work system modeling are suggested. Centralized traffic control, which could collision avoidance in intersection and should not stop AGV as possible, and algorithm for detour routing which performs when another AGV is working in pre-routed path are proposed. The traffic control and the algorithm have been proved efficiently by simulation.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Engineering (all)	AGVs,Optimal path planning,Path blocking,Traffic control,Zone control
Comparison of vehicle types at an automated container terminal	2004	OR Spectrum	At automated container terminals, containers are transshipped from one mode of transportation to another. Automated vehicles transport containers from the stack to the ship and vice versa. Two different types of automated vehicles are studied in this paper, namely automated lifting vehicles and automated guided vehicles. An automated lifting vehicle is capable of lifting a container from the ground by itself. An automated guided vehicles needs a crane to receive and deliver a container. In designing automated container terminals one have to consider the choice for a certain type of equipment. The choice for a certain type of equipment should be made by performing a feasibility and economic analysis on various types of equipment. In this paper, we examine effects of using automated guided vehicles and automated lifting vehicles on unloading times of a ship, with simulation studies. In choosing a certain type of equipment we have considered criteria such as unloading times of a ship, occupancy degrees and the number of vehicles required. 38% more AGVs need to be used than ALVs. From this specific study, we conclude that, by observing only purchasing costs of equipment, ALVs are a cheaper option than AGVs. To obtain an accurate analysis we have performed a sensitivity analysis. It can be concluded that the design of the terminal and technical aspects of quay cranes impact the number of vehicles required and as a result the choice for a certain type of equipment.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	95	Management Science and Operations Research	AGVs and ALVs,Container logistics,Simulation
An optimal OHT dispatching system for 300 mm semiconductor manufacturing	2004	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	This paper presents the development of an optimization-based system for OHT (Overhead Hoist Transport) dispatching with blocking effects in 300mm semiconductor manufacturing. The OHT dispatching problem is first formulated into an integer programming problem with OHT dynamics and location constraints. We adopt the linear programming solver, LINDO, to develop the optimal OHT dispatching system. Numerical results demonstrate that this approach performs well in minimizing the total completion time of transport jobs while minimizing the traveling times of empty but dispatched vehicles. It takes about 6.5 seconds to solve the problems of realistic scale. The developed Optimal OHT dispatching system is effective and applicable in practice.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	6	Engineering (all)	300 mm semiconductor manufacturing,Integer programming,OHT dispatching
A tracking algorithm for autonomous navigation of AGVs in a container terminal	2004	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	In this paper, a tracking algorithm for the autonomous navigation of the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) operated in a container terminal is investigated. The navigation system is based on sensors that detect range and bearing. The navigation algorithm used is an interacting multiple model algorithm to detect other AGVs and avoid obstacles using information obtained from the multiple sensors. In order to detect other AGVs (or obstacles), two kinematic models are derived: A constant velocity model for linear motion and a constant-speed turn model for curvilinear motion. For the constant-speed turn model, an unscented Kalman filter is used because of the drawbacks of the extended Kalman filter in nonlinear systems. The suggested algorithm reduces the root mean squares error for linear motions and rapidly detects possible turning motions.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Simulation-based performance evaluation of transport vehicles at automated container terminals	2004	OR Spectrum	Significant unproductive and costly waiting occurs during AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) use, both under the CC (Container Crane) and in the blocks compared to that of a manual yard tractor. A possible solution to this problem is that, in the design of ACT (Automated Container Terminals), ALV (Automated Lifting Vehicles), which can load and unload their own containers, be considered as an alternative. In this paper, the objective is to analyze how increases in the use of ALVs rather than AGVs affects the productivity of ACTs. We derived four inferences regarding the cycle time of vehicles and verified their validity in a simulation. A simulation model of an ACT with perpendicular layout was developed and is described in this paper. From the results of the simulation analysis, we determined the savings effect by cycle time and the required number of vehicles. We demonstrated that the ALV is superior to the AGV in both productivity and efficiency principally because the ALV eliminates the waiting time in the buffer zone.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	89	Management Science and Operations Research	ACT (Automated Container Terminal),AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle),ALV (Automated Lifting Vehicle),Productivity,Simulation model
Dispatching multi-load AGVs in highly automated seaport container terminals	2004	OR Spectrum	This paper is concerned with AGV dispatching in seaport container terminals. Special attention is given to multi-load vehicles which can carry more than one container at a time. The characteristics of this complex application environment and the impact on the AGV dispatching problem are analyzed and various solution techniques considered. For practical application within an online logistics control system, a flexible priority rule based approach is developed, making use of an extended concept of the availability of vehicles. For evaluation reasons, this approach is complemented by an alternative MILP formulation. Finally, the performance of the priority rule based approach and the MILP model are analysed for different scenarios with respect to total lateness of the AGVs. The main focus of the numerical investigation is on evaluating the priority rule based approach for single and dual-load vehicles as well as comparing its performance against the MILP modelling approach.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	97	Management Science and Operations Research	Container terminals,Dispatching,Multi-load AGVs,Online control
Integrated design for AGV systems using cooperative co-evolution	2004	2004 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	Integrated design process for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems is proposed in this paper. There are two problems to design AGV systems: transporter routings and flow-path networks. These two should be solved at the same time, because one problem depends on the other. This issue is solved with cooperative co-evolution in this paper. Both problems are represented as different species and Genetic Algorithm is applied to them. AGV systems designed with this method are evaluated through simulations with real data.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	6	Engineering (all)	None
Intelligent infrastructures: Distributed intelligence in transport system control - An illustrative example	2004	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	The intelligent infrastructures research program aims at developing theory and applications concerning novel intelligent modes for control and management of the utilization of infrastructures, such as road, rail, energy, water and telecom. As an illustrative example of research topics within the scope of this program, distributed anticipatory control for automated guided vehicles will be discussed. Today transport systems using automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are centrally controlled and use a fixed infrastructure. Substantial efforts are therefore necessary if expansion or a change in system layout is required. In addition, incidents cannot be handled as part of the common routine. To overcome these problems a distributed anticipatory control method for AGVs is called for. According to this method every AGV is made responsible for its own path planning and collision avoidance. A simulation model is set up to compare this method with the traditional, centrally controlled, method. In the paper preliminary results are shown and recommendations for further research are given.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	4	Engineering (all)	Anticipatory control,Automated guided vehicles,Infrastructure,Intelligent control
Recognizing and handling the livelock problem in AGV systems	2004	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	The paper concerns AGV systems (Automated Guided Vehicle Systems or AGVSs) with bidirectional guide-path network, unidirectional vehicles, zone control for avoiding collisions, and dynamic route planning. An AGVS is represented with a DES that models the feasible system dynamics. We study the liveness problem of the system and associate this property with the permanent ability of the vehicles to attain any edge in the network. The paper is a continuation of our earlier work, where we established necessary and sufficient conditions for a state of AGVS to be live, for each possible case except a singularity case, where (unlike in the other cases) the occurrence of livelocks is possible. We define the notion of a livelock with respect to the AGVS model and conduct the analysis that results in a necessary and sufficient condition for the occurence of this phenomenon.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	2	Engineering (all)	AGV system,Deadlock,DES,Livelock
Integrated scheduling of material handling and manufacturing activities in flexible manufacturing system	2004	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	This paper deals with the simultaneous scheduling of incoming jobs, machines, and vehicle dispatching in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) having a single device Automated Guided Vehicle AGV. The objective is to find an order in which the jobs enter into the FMS, reducing the waiting times due to the blocking and non-availability of resources needed as well as the deadheading time resulting in overall reduction in make-span of products. In this work a meta-heuristic Algorithm, Scatter Search based iterative procedure, which accommodates the combinatorial nature of the problem, is proposed to approximately solve the integrated scheduling problem. The procedure is evaluated through different benchmark problems and the outcome of the study is encouraging and paves ample scope for further research in this area.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	5	Engineering (all)	Flexible Manufacturing System,Simultaneous Scheduling and Scatter Search
An intelligent integrated scheduling model for flexible manufacturing system	2004	2004 IEEE Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics	This paper deals with the simultaneous scheduling of incoming jobs, machines, and vehicle dispatching in Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS) having a single device Automated Guided Vehicle AGV. The objective is to find an optimal sequence of incoming parts, which will reduce the waiting times due to blocking and starving of resources, deadheading times, resulting in overall minimization of makespan. In this work a Genetic Algorithm based iterative procedure which accommodates the combinatorial nature of the problem, is proposed to approximately solve the integrated scheduling problem. The procedure is evaluated through different bench mark problems and the outcome of the study is encouraging and paves ample scope for further research in this area.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	10	Engineering (all)	Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Simultaneous scheduling
Multi-objective genetic algorithms for scheduling mateiral handling equipment at automated air cargo terminals	2004	2004 IEEE Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems	In order to improve the productivities of a typical cargo handling system, it is important to reduce the waiting time of stacker cranes (SCs) and the total traveling time of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) through efficient scheduling of SCs and AGVs, which are cooperating tightly to perform cargo handling operations in an optimal way. In this paper, we develop and investigate the application of the multi-objective genetic algorithm (MOGA) to solve such scheduling problem with the objectives of minimizing the AGV total traveling time and the total delay time of the SC. The results of the experiments demonstrated that MOGA produces better solutions than the single objective genetic algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	1	Engineering (all)	None
Fleet sizing and vehicle routing for container transportation in a static environment	2004	OR Spectrum	Busan is one of the busiest seaports in the world where millions of containers are handled every year. The space of the container terminal at the port is so limited that several small container yards are scattered in the city. Containers are frequently transported between the container terminal and container yards, which may cause tremendous traffic problems. The competitiveness of the container terminal may seriously be aggravated due to the increase in logistics costs. Thus, there exist growing needs for developing an efficient fleet management tool to resolve this situation. This paper proposes a new fleet management procedure based on a heuristic tabu search algorithm in a container transportation system. The proposed procedure is aimed at simultaneously finding the minimum fleet size required and travel route for each vehicle while satisfying all the transportation requirements within the planning horizon. The transportation system under consideration is static in that all the transportation requirements are predetermined at the beginning of the planning horizon. The proposed procedure consists of two phases: In phase one, an optimization model is constructed to obtain a fleet planning with minimum vehicle travel time and to provide a lower bound on the fleet size. In phase two, a tabu search based procedure is presented to construct a vehicle routing with the least number of vehicles. The performance of the procedure is evaluated and compared with two existing methods through computational experiments.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	38	Management Science and Operations Research	Container transportation,Fleet sizing,Tabu search,Vehicle routing
Comparison of an AGV transportation system by using the queuing network theory	2004	2004 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	In this paper, we provide the comparison indicator of the AGV transportation systems. For this purpose, we propose an optimal design methodology for the AGV transportation system by using the queuing network theory. In this methodology, the queuing network theory and a simulation-based optimization method are integrated to obtain the optimal design parameters (i.e., these are the design solutions of this design problem). In this study, two different types of the AGV transportation systems are designed. Then the performance of transportation is compared. Finally, the characteristics of each transportation system that depends on the design parameters is provided.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	11	Engineering (all)	None
Real-time road lane recognition using fuzzy reasoning for AGV vision system	2004	2004 International Conference on Communications, Circuits and Systems	Automatic guided vehicles (AGV) vision system is an important research area in computer vision. In order to recognize the road lane quickly and effectively, this paper presented a algorithm using Fuzzy reasoning based on Hough transform to solve this problem, which improves the entire system's real-time performance. After our tests on the test vehicle, this method can speed up the road lane recognition velocity phenomenally, and it also can improve the stability in driving.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	10	Engineering (all)	AGV,Computer vision,Fuzzy reasoning,Hough transform,Real-time,Road lane recognition
RTK-GPS based autonomous crawler wagon control	2004	Proceedings of the International Conference on Automation Technology for Off-road Equipment, ATOE 2004	The small crawler driven wagon was equipped with RTK-GPS and rotary encoders at driving wheels. The position of the vehicle was measured with RTK-GPS and the orientation was estimated with Kalman Filter using the kinematic model of the vehicle, and the linear quadratic regulator (LQR) was designed using the same model. The models were built for straight line tracing and arc line tracing, so that most of trajectory required for the transportation of farm work can be completed, combining those lines. The autonomous traveling of straight line tracing and circular arc line tracing were simulated and availability of the estimator and the regulator was verified and he possibility of RTK-GPS-based autonomous crawler vehicle control without IMU was proposed.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Engineering (all)	Autonomous vehicle,Crawler,Kalman filter,Optimum control,RTK-GPS
Chirp UWB system with software defined receiver for industrial mobile ranging and autonomous control	2004	2004 International Workshop on Ultra Wideband Systems; Joint with Conference on Ultra Wideband Systems and Technologies, Joint UWBST and IWUWBS 2004	In this paper, Chirp UWB scheme deployed to both ranging and communication is proposed. Its target application is for industrial mobile ranging and autonomous control that require very high reliability. To construct both ranging and communication circuit hardware, SDR technique is employed as a receiver platform for this chirp UWB system. Since chirp modulation scheme is very simple and presents very stable communication medium, it promises that the proposed system has high performance and robustness inevitable for the industrial applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	10	Engineering (all)	None
Decision-tree learning in dwell point policies in autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval systems (AVSRS)	2004	Proceedings of the 2004 International Conference on Machine Learning and Applications, ICMLA '04	Autonomous vehicle storage and retrieval system (AVSRS) is a new material handling technology for unit load storage and retrieval The dwell point issue is one of important aspects to increase the throughput. We examine two dwell point policies of an IO point policy and a last transaction floor policy. We combine two policies from findings in a decision tree. The result indicates significant improvements. The findings from a decision tree are used as inputs in the control system so that the control system selects an appropriate policy based on a current system state.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	6	Engineering (all)	None
Acquisition of AGV control rules using profit sharing method and evaluation of the rules	2004	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	When a simulation-based approach is adopted in order to design production systems under uncertain conditions, a design support environment that generates simulators of various configurations automatically is indispensable. Also, such environment is required to devise suitable operating rules of each design candidate at the same time. In the previous work, AGVs control rules were obtained by means of reinforcement learning method. Concretely, Profit sharing was adopted and the computer-based support system was developed by Java language by means of Object-Oriented technique. In this work, the state space of AGVs were extended so as to apply this approach to an AGVS with three or more AGVs. Also, an attempt was made to apply the obtained rule set to an AGVS with four or more AGVs. A series of experiments was carried out using this system in order to confirm whether proper rules for various path topologies and various number of AGVs can be learned, and evaluate the effectiveness of the rules.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Japan	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
A QoS approach for satisfying service goals of facilities that employ automated material-handling systems	2004	2nd IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics, INDIN'04	The research in this paper considers the problem of optimising material handling within an automated material handling and storage facility where palletised or containerised materials have to be moved by different types of automated material-handling systems that are physically linked together. An optimisation methodology based on the quality of service (QoS) approach has been researched and adopted for this domain. A research test bed that was adapted from an industrial application was used for the testing of the QoS approach.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	0	Engineering (all)	Automated material handling system,Equipment utilisation,Optimisation,Quality of service
Modeling engineering systems as socio-technical systems	2004	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	The IEEE standard for the systems engineering process is problematic when applied to the design of (socio-technical) systems. This is argued using examples of automated vehicle systems, A conceptualization of socio-technical systems is introduced. This distinguishes technical and social elements and agents, as well as four kinds of relations. Next to physical and functional relations, intentional and normative relations play an important role. The IEEE standard defines social elements as contextual and focuses on total design control. Because of the involvement of agents and social elements in socio-technical systems both these viewpoints are problematic.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	5	Engineering (all)	Complex system,Large-scale system,Philosophy,Socio-technical system,System,Systems engineering
An evolutionary neuro-fuzzy framework for controlling an unmanned robot vehicle	2004	AUVSI's Unmanned Systems North America 2004 - Proceedings	This paper describes an evolutionary neuro-fuzzy framework for controlling an autonomous robot [9, 10] equipped with a single video sensor. The task of the robot is to follow a course while staying within the boundaries and avoiding obstacles. The software for the robot utilizes evolved artificial neural network and fuzzy logic techniques that are simple yet effective tools for control, decision and classification problems and are natural solutions for autonomous vehicle navigation. The framework consists of three major modules: an artificial neural net for classifying pixels into one of preset color classes, an evolutionary module utilizing ES(1+1) with 1/5 rule to train the ANN, and a fuzzy logic controller which accepts preprocessed images and determines the speed and the direction in which the robot travels. A detailed description of each module is presented. The viability of the framework has been tested at the 3 rd OCCRA Robotics Competition, Robofest 2004, IGVC 2004 [2] and other events.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Engineering (all)	Artificial neural networks,Autonomous robots,Color space segmentation,Evolutionary strategies,Fuzzy logic control,Obstacle avoidance,Optimization,Robotics
High precision control for linear motor-based container transfer system with cogging force and friction	2004	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	In this paper, we will introduce concerning a control strategy that is the multi-step prediction control of linear motor-based container transport system for high precision using dynamically-constructed recurrent fuzzy neural networks (DR-FNNs). Linear motor-based container transport system (LMCTS) is horizontal transfer system for the yard automation, which has been proposed to take the place of automated guided vehicle in the maritime container terminal. LMCTS is considered as that the system is changed its model suddenly and variously by loading and unloading container. The proposed control system is used two DR-FNNs for multi-step prediction. Consequently, the system has an ability to adapt for a huge rolling friction, cogging force, force ripple, and sudden changes of itself by loading and unloading.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Generating scenarios for simulation and optimization of container terminal logistics	2004	OR Spectrum	This paper introduces an approach for generating scenarios of sea port container terminals. The scenarios can be used as input data for simulation models. Furthermore, they can be employed as test data for algorithms to solve optimization problems in container terminal logistics such as berth planning and crane scheduling. A scenario consists of arrivals of deep sea vessels, feeder ships, trains, and trucks together with lists of containers to be loaded and unloaded. Moreover, container attributes such as size, empty, reefer, weight, and destination are included. The generator is based on a large number of parameters that allow the user to produce realistic scenarios of any size. The purpose of this paper is to outline the parameters that are important to produce realistic scenarios of high practical relevance and to propose an algorithm that computes scenarios on the basis of these parameters. The generator discussed here has been developed within the simulation project at the HHLA Container-Terminal Altenwerder in Hamburg, Germany. Nevertheless, its structure is general enough to be applied to any other terminal as well.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	73	Management Science and Operations Research	Container logistics,Container terminal,Scenario generator,Simulation
Location research of mobile robot with an Omni-directional camera	2004	Proceedings - 2004 International Conference on Intelligent Mechatronics and Automation	In this paper, we propose a method for the visual-based location of a mobile robot with an omni-directional camera in indoor environment. Omni-directional camera is composed of conventional camera and convex mirror. It has large field of view, which further reduces the number of images necessary to represent a location. The structure, property and geometry of the omni-directional camera are presented. The principle of trigonometric location is also presented. We use trigonometric location and data derived from omni-directional image processing to realize robot location. Preliminary location experiments with a mobile robot equipped with an omni-directional camera in indoor environment are performed. The result of experiments shows that the proposed method has good performance.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Engineering (all)	Omni-directional Camera,Robot Location,Trigonometric Location
Simple fuzzy navigation of autonomous robotic vehicles in a factory floor and issue of non-holonomic constraints	2004	Soft Computing with Industrial Applications - Proceedings of the Sixth Biannual World Automation Congress	In math-analytical models the non-holonomicity constraints of autonomous automated guided vehicles (AGV) naturally appear in terms of non-integrable equations of motion dynamics. These have to be accounted for in trajectory generation problem, and we have developed a computer-aided technique employing a heuristic method which provides deterministic trajectories for all pairs of initial and final configurations and positions on the grounds of a geometric reasoning. In cases of motion in restricted environment with fixed obstacles the autonomous navigation with obstacle avoidance can be solved by simple fuzzy logic algorithms. Then the non-holonomicity can be also accounted for in the fuzzy navigation algorithm. It appeared this approach is attractive for use in combined motion planning and navigation for autonomous AGV albeit navigation around sharp corners is still critical. A number of simulation experiments have been performed on standard PC platform and run time takes only a few milliseconds. The obtained results are presented and further explored by a discussion of the pointed critical issue.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	North Macedonia	0	Engineering (all)	Autonomous navigation,Fuzzy control,Motion planning,Non-holonomic AGV,Obstacle avoidance
Position accuracy improvement of linear motor container transfer system using DR-FNNs	2004	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Control Applications	In this paper, we will introduce concerning a control strategy that is the multi-step prediction control of linear motor-based container transport system for high precision using dynamically-constructed recurrent fuzzy neural networks (DR-FNNs). Linear motor-based container transport system (LMCTS) is horizontal transfer system for the yard automation, which has been proposed to take the place of automated guided vehicle in the maritime container terminal. LMCTS is considered as that the system is changed its model suddenly and variously by loading and unloading container. The proposed control system is used two DR-FNNs for multi-step prediction. Consequently, the system has an ability to adapt for a huge rolling friction, cogging force, force ripple, and sudden changes of itself by loading and unloading. 2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Engineering (all)	None
Determining the fleet size of mobile robots with energy constraints	2004	2004 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	As robotics technologies improve, mobile robots can be used in many applications. A fundamental question is to decide the number of robots needed (i.e., the "fleet-size problem") to accomplish tasks. Previous studies did not consider the energy constraints of the fleet size problem. In this paper, we present a probabilistic method to decide the fleet size for serving random requests. A simplification method is provided for fast computation. Our method is computation efficient, with an average of 4% errors validated by an event-driven simulator.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	9	Engineering (all)	None
Material transport system design in manufacturing	2004	IIE Annual Conference and Exhibition 2004	We address the problem of selecting and specifying material transport technology in a general manufacturing environment, using four steps: 1) filtering and matching of material transport tasks and technologies, 2) clustering of tasks into tasks-resource combinations, 3) flow network design for combinations, and 4) selection of combinations. Step three involves six different types of working network topology, depending on the technology. The six categories are: manually driven vehicle, automated guided vehicle, floor-supported conveyor, overhead trolley conveyor, overhead power-and-free conveyor, and bridge crane. Step four uses fixed and variable costs, in addition to resource constraints for aisle space and aisle crossings.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Engineering (all)	Facility planning,Flow network design,Manufacturing,Material handling
Transition matrix methodology for evaluating sensor fusion mapping algorithms	2004	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	The purpose of this paper is to present a transition matrix procedure to evaluate performance of sensor fusion mapping algorithms. The methodology enables to determine suitability of a sensor fusion algorithm for the fusion task without requiring a-priori information on the sensors performance and/or the environmental conditions and -with no need for experimentation.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Israel	1	Engineering (all)	Fuzzy logic,Mobile robots,Sensor fusion
The stochastic facility layout problems in production systems with variable processing times	2004	Journal of Japan Industrial Management Association	In this paper, we propose a new approach to facility layout problems. Almost all manufacturing systems involve random elements such as variable inter-arrival times of orders and variable processing times, which reduce manufacturing efficiency. For such systems, instead of minimizing the traditional materials handling cost, our aim is to find an optimal layout that absorbs the randomness as effectively as possible and results in the best manufacturing efficiency. We call this type of layout problem a "Stochastic Facility Layout Problem (SFLP)." We choose the manufacturing lead-time as the performance measure, formulate an optimal facility layout and buffer space allocation problem for job-shop type production systems in which relatively large-sized parts are transferred by Automated Guided Vehicles(AGVs) and processed via variable routes in First-Come-First-Served(FCFS) manner. Our approach is based on an approximate Markov analysis using a decomposition technique for evaluating the lead-time and a genetic algorithm for searching the optimal combination of buffer space allocation and layout.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Buffer space allocation,Job-shop type production system,Manufacturing lead-time,Stochastic facility layout problem,Variable processing time
A general framework for scheduling equipment and manpower at container terminals	2004	OR Spectrum	In this paper, we propose a general model for various scheduling problems that occur in container terminal logistics. The scheduling model consists of the assignment of jobs to resources and the temporal arrangement of the jobs subject to precedence constraints and sequence-dependent setup times. We demonstrate how the model can be applied to solve several different real-world problems from container terminals in the port of Hamburg (Germany). We consider scheduling problems for straddle carriers, automated guided vehicles (AGVs), stacking cranes, and workers who handle reefer containers. Subsequently, we discuss priority rule based heuristics as well as a genetic algorithm for the general model. Based on a tailored generator for experimental data, we examine the performance of the heuristics in a computational study. We obtain promising results that suggest that the genetic algorithm is well suited for application in practice.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	58	Management Science and Operations Research	Container logistics,Container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Heuristics,Optimization,Scheduling
Container terminal operation and operations research - A classification and literature review	2004	OR Spectrum	In the last four decades the container as an essential part of a unit-load-concept has achieved undoubted importance in international sea freight transportation. With ever increasing containerization the number of seaport container terminals and competition among them have become quite remarkable. Operations are nowadays unthinkable without effective and efficient use of information technology as well as appropriate optimization (operations research) methods. In this paper we describe and classify the main logistics processes and operations in container terminals and present a survey of methods for their optimization.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Journal	j	re	Review	Germany	874	Management Science and Operations Research	Container terminal,Heuristics,Logistics,Optimization,Planning,Simulation
Fault Tolerant Analysis of Multi-agent Manufacturing Systems Based on Petri nets	2004	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	Holonic manufacturing system EHMS) is a paradigm based on multi-agent system theory that allows fast reconfiguration of available resources to cope with changing product demands in highly uncertain manufacturing environment.The advantage and flexibility offered by HMS poses new challenges and complexities in modeling and design of production control svstems. For example, HMS is largely based on multi-agent system (MAS). Contract net protocol is a well-known negotiation and task distribution mechanism for MAS. However, production processes cannot be modeled with contract net protocol. Instead, most existing literatures model production processes based on Petri net theory. The lack of integration among different modeling tools makes it deficient to apply existing tools to model, planning and control HMS. A promising solution to model HMS is to combine the flexibility and robustness of multi-agent theory with the modeling and analytical power of Petri net. This paper focuses on development of a framework.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Control and Systems Engineering	Fault tolerant, multi-agent system, manufacturing system, Petri net
Indoor mobile robot development tool	2004	Advances in Modelling and Analysis C	This paper summarizes the implementation of the development tool which enables an indoor mobile robot to be tested before its integration in a control architecture. Experiments with non identified robot are hard to achieve and they are time consuming. The developed tool is split into three main modules. First, a graphical motion test module which permits to test the locomotion according to a predefined trajectory (straight in line, turn around an instantaneous center or torn in place) and the accuracy of the used localization method. Second, a graphical path planner simulator, based on a new strategy, allows to construct an environment model in an easy way and calculates an optimal path. Third, an optional simple and less cluttering motion control module which takes the information sent by the two precedent modules in order to allow to the robot under test to really accomplish a given task.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Algeria	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Modeling and Simulation	Development tool,Mobile robot,Motion test,New strategy,Path planner simulator
Adaptive fuzzy logic algorithms for sensor fusion mapping	2004	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	This paper describes adaptive sensor fusion algorithms developed for mapping the environment in mobile robots. The algorithms fuse data at the pixel level and do not require any a-priori information on the sensors. Their adaptive features enable on-line response to changing sensory and environmental conditions.  2004 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Israel	4	Engineering (all)	Fuzzy logic,Mobile robots,Sensor fusion
Parameter tuning of production scheduling rules by an ant system-embedded genetic algorithm	2004	2004 IEEE Conference on Robotics, Automation and Mechatronics	In this paper, a search algorithm is proposed for parameter tuning of production rules in job shop scheduling problems. This algorithm is developed based on the genetic algorithm, which is the core for exploration in the search space. Then an ant system is incorporated, which directs the genetic algorithm to search in the potential regions by marking potential genes for changing during reproduction. The improvement of search ability is verified by several experiments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	1	Engineering (all)	None
A combined optimization model for multiple transport-mode selection and its solution algorithm	2004	Proceedings of the Conference on Traffic and Transportation Studies, ICTTS	Based on the analysis of the technical and economical characteristics of transportation modes, this paper presents a combined model for mode choices between cities that is a multi-objective 0-1 integer-programming model. A new algorithm, which is different from the traditional dynamic programming approach, is investigated to solve the proposed model using the network transformation method. Finally, a numerical example is provided to validate the model and algorithm.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Mechanical Engineering	Combined mode,Heuristic algorithm,Network transformation,Time and capacity constraints,Virtual networks
Reconfigurable layout problem	2004	International Journal of Production Research	This paper addresses the reconfigurable layout problem, which differs from traditional, robust and dynamic layout problems mainly in two aspects: first, it assumes that production data are available only for the current and upcoming production period. Second, it considers queuing performance measures such as work in progress inventory and product lead time in the objective function of the layout problem. A process to solve the reconfigurable layout problem is proposed. A previously developed, open queuing network-based analytical model, called Manufacturing system Performance Analyser, is used to estimate the stochastic performance measures of a layout. These are combined with deterministic performance measures such as material handling cost to determine the layout for the next period. A case study is used to illustrate the process of solving the reconfigurable layout problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	52	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Visual navigation of an automated guided vehicle based on path recognition	2004	Proceedings of 2004 International Conference on Machine Learning and Cybernetics	Guidance using path following is widely applied in the field of automated guided vehicles. Compared with the navigation without vision, visual navigation has obvious advantages such as rich information, low-cost, quietness, innocuity and so on. This paper describes a navigation system which uses the visual information provided by guide lines and color signs. In our approach, the system establishes each object's support through subsampling-based binarization and mathematical morphology, and then detects the guide lines through an unproved Hough transform algorithm. Finally, the path-tracking module provides required input parameters to motor controller and steering controller. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and the robustness of our approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	11	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Path recognition,Tracking,Visual navigation
Ad hoc sensor network topology design for distributed fusion: A mathematical programming approach	2004	Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Information Fusion, FUSION 2004	A distributed sensing/fusion network consists of more than one (spatially) separated sensors, each with possibly different characteristics and not all of them sensing the same environment. Due to their vast applicability, there has been a flurry of recent activity in the area of network design with respect to distributed sensing/fusion. Issues involved in the design of efficient networks include sensor mobility, reliability of links and capacity. This work builds on the Dynamic Expected Coverage Model proposed earlier and incorporates the issue of bandwidth capacity in the model. A Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) formulation is proposed that includes first order preferential assignment with coverage and relocation of sensors. A modified column generation (CG) heuristic is developed for this problem. Computational results indicate that CG performs faster than standard commercial solvers and the typical optimality gap for large size problems is less than 10%.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Engineering (all)	Maximal expected coverage,Military applications,Wireless ad hoc networks
Real time visual tracking for automated guided vehicle	2004	Harbin Gongye Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Harbin Institute of Technology	A method is proposed to a real time visual tracking system for automated guided vehicle. To eliminate the change of light, the threshold for binary image is chosen by searching table. To improve manipulating rate of image, the characters are picked up based on compressed data. A hybrid classifier to identify the signs is formed by combining the distance classifier method with an artificial neural algorithm, which improves the identification rate. Experimental results prove satisfactory operation of the automated guided vehicle.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Guiding,Hybrid classifier,Sign,Tracking
Job-shop scheduling strategy in reconfigurable manufacturing systems	2004	Dongnan Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue Ban)/Journal of Southeast University (Natural Science Edition)	This paper presents a practical hierarchical strategy to reconfigure the layout of an reconfigurable manufacturing system (RMS) incorporated with multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs), and to obtain a feasible schedule with minimum total tardiness and maximum machines utilizations. The strategy includes three stages in sequence. At first stage, an augmented Lagrangian relaxation method is developed to obtain a preparatory job-shop scheduling. The method can decompose the scheduling problem subject to complex constraints into multiple subproblems at operation-level for the selection of operation beginning times and machine types. Then the layout is reconfigured to fabricate virtual manufacturing cells with the goal to minimize material handling cost of AGVs. Finally the static schedule in each virtual manufacturing cell is generated with discrete dynamic programming. Numerical study demonstrates that manufacturing systems of practical sizes can be effectively and rapidly reconfigured to accommodate production changes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Dynamic programming,Job-shop scheduling,Lagrangian relaxation,Reconfigurable manufacturing system (RMS)
A flow metamodel for delivery agents over a spatial area	2004	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	This article studies fuzzy rules that were used to model autonomous entities and discusses the development of a metamodel to describe the traffic flow of autonomous agents over a spatial area. The agents deliver goods (and themselves) to prespecified locations on the given spatial area. The metamodel is defined as a set of equations, obtained through regression analysis, that are functions of several variables that affect the agent system. The performance measures are effective speed and collision probability. The fuzziest rule set consistently gave the best results in terms of collision avoidance for this study. The improved collision avoidance is gained at the cost of a lower effective speed. A "traffic control" policy may be desirable when congestion reaches a limit. The flow metamodel equations describe the emergent behavior of the system, or system-level behavior resulting from interactions at the level of the parts of the system. The equations can be used to determine whether congestion will be a problem before designing a system containing entities that navigate among themselves. The flow metamodel curves suggest combinations of system parameters that will alleviate congestion. The results have implications for several practical applications.  "IEE".	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Robotic tactile recognition of pseudorandom encoded objects	2004	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	This paper discusses an original model-based method for blind robotic tactile recognition of three-dimensional objects. Conveniently shaped geometric symbols representing terms of a pseudorandom array (PRA) are embossed on object surfaces. Symbols recovered by tactile probing are recognized using a neural network and then clustered in a PRA window that contains enough information to fully identify the absolute coordinates of the recovered window within the encoding PRA. By knowing how different object models were mapped to the PRA, it is possible to unambiguously identify the object face and the exact position of the recovered symbols on the face.  2004 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	15	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A distributed fuzzy logic controller for an autonomous vehicle	2004	Journal of Robotic Systems	Autonomous vehicles can be used in a variety of applications such as hazardous environments or intelligent highway systems. Fuzzy logic is an appropriate choice for this application as it can describe human behavior well. This paper proposes two fuzzy logic controllers for the steering and the velocity control of an autonomous vehicle. The two controllers are divided into separate modules to mimic the way humans think while driving. The steering controller is divided into four modules; one module drives the vehicle toward the target while another module avoids collision with obstacles. A third module drives the vehicle through mazes. The fourth module adjusts the final orientation of the target. The velocity controller is divided into three modules; the first module speeds up the vehicle to reach the target and slows it down as it moves toward the target. The second module controls the velocity in the neighborhood of obstacles. A third module controls the velocity of the vehicle as it turns sharp corners. A method for automatic tuning of the first module of the velocity controller is proposed to stabilize the velocity of the vehicle as it approaches the target. Two examples to demonstrate the interaction among the seven control modules are included. Results of the simulation are compared with those in the literature.  2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Protocol-based communication for situated multi-agent systems	2004	Proceedings of the Third International Joint Conference on Autonomous Agents and Multiagent Systems, AAMAS 2004	In this paper we introduce a model for direct communication in situated multi-agent systems. Direct communication is typically associated with cognitive agents, where the information encoded in the messages is related to a mental state. This generally assumed view on communication however, does not fit the approach of situated, behavior-based agents. We propose a protocol-based communication model for situated agents. Communication specified in terms of protocols, i.e. well-defined sequences of messages, shifts the focus of communication from the reasoning upon messages towards the relationship between the exchanged messages. The model decomposes communication into three functional modules: message decoding, communicating and message encoding. The core of the model, the communicating module (1) interprets decoded messages and reacts to them in accordance with the applicable protocol, and (2) initiates or continues conversations when the conditions imposed by the applicable protocol are satisfied.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	17	Engineering (all)	None
Adaptive fuzzy logic algorithm for grid-map based sensor fusion	2004	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	This paper presents an adaptive fuzzy logic algorithm for sensor fusion related to mapping the environment. The proposed algorithm deals with unknown a-priori sensory distributions and with asynchronous update of the sensors. Feedback is calculated every time each logical sensor sends new data and is used to measure on-line the logical sensors performances. Analysis in an indoor mobile robot experiment indicated superior performance of the adaptive fuzzy logic algorithm when compared to three other sensor fusion algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Israel	7	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
A study on intelligent path following and control for vision-based automated guided vehicle	2004	Proceedings of the World Congress on Intelligent Control and Automation (WCICA)	Vision-based AGV is a topic research in intelligent mobile robot field. One difficult problem is the long period of image acquirement and processing, which result in low speed and bad navigation accuracy. In this paper, the vision system and other sensors are integrated. The vision system detects the guideline information and constructs the degree of complication function (DCF). Then the look-ahead intelligent planning of velocity is carried out by the application of fuzzy linguistics. The fused information based on multi-sensors is applied to real time steering control. So the system has intelligent adaptability to the complex lane, which make the AGV realized high speed and accurate path following. And the conflict-free planning, two-phase conflict-free control and path resume method are also proposed for dealing with the accident (an obstacle or a breakdown AGV), which improve the reliability of system. The simulation research and real application results can prove the effectivity.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	17	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications	Automated Guided Vehicle,Conflict-free,Guideline Navigation,Intelligent Planning
Minimum empty distance dispatching rules for a single loop-single vehicle AGV system	2004	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	In this paper new dispatching rules for a SLSV (Single Loop-Single Vehicle) AGV system, called MAED (Minimum Average of Empty Distance) and MSED (Minimum Sum of Empty Distance) rules, are developed. A SLSV AGV system consists of segmented bi-directional single loops, in which only one AGV is assigned. The MAED rule minimizes the average empty vehicle travel time per stage (one delivery between workstations), and the MSED rule minimizes the sum of empty vehicle travel time. Using simulation, the performance of new dispatching rules is compared with that of the most popular STT/D (Shortest Travel Time/Distance) rule. The results show better performance of new dispatching rules.  International Journal of Industrial Engineering.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV system,Dispatching,Empty Distance,Material handling,Single Loop-Single Vehicle
Speedy delivery	2004	IEEE Robotics and Automation Magazine	A simulation-based, two-phase approach for effective dynamic allocation and dispatching in a 33-mm overhead hoist transport (OHT) system is designed with the objective of achieving the transport requirements whereas minimizing the carrier delivery times. Salient features of the 300-mm processing equipment are captured using the super source/sink (SSS) and point-to-point (PTP) transport models. Numerical results based on realistic data from a local 300-mm mass production fab demonstrate that the approach performs well. In particular, it successfully achieved the target requirements and minimized the average and variances of carrier delivery times.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	24	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	300-mm AHMS management,Discrete-event simulation,OHT allocation and dispatching
A Vehicle Control Strategy in AGV System	2004	IEEJ Transactions on Industry Applications	It is important to discuss the behavior of traffic at merging sections in the design of the overall Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) and in the realization of the system. In this paper, we deal with a merging section of the AGVS under time limit for merging. Near the merging section, one flow of traffic must form a queue to avoid collision of vehicles. We propose an improved control strategy and clarify the fundamental features comparing with previous model. It is analyzed that the vehicle behavior at the merging section of the AGVS using the recurrence relation. The analytical solutions have been obtained. 2004, The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	2	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	automated guided vehicl,FA,modelling,multiple Markov chain,recurrence relation
Framework for the control of automated material-handling systems using the holonic manufacturing approach	2004	International Journal of Production Research	In today's global economy, manufacturing companies must be able to change both the product variety and production quantity without incurring major disturbances in the production process. A manufacturing system capable of performing these changes efficiently needs a control system flexible enough to go from one state to another without significant delays in production. To compensate for the deficiencies of both hierarchical and heterarchical control systems, a control architecture based on the holonic concept is proposed. After presenting the general holonic control architecture, the paper focuses on the integration of the holonic-based control concept in the design of an automated material-handling control system. When performing transport activities in a manufacturing system, due to its architecture, the holonic system can operate both as a hierarchical system, following a predefined schedule during normal operation conditions, and as a heterarchical system in the presence of disturbances.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	60	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Kind of deadlock-free scheduling method	2004	Journal of Systems Engineering and Electronics	Deadlock must be avoided in a manufacturing system. An efficient algorithm for finding an optimal deadlock-free schedules in a manufacturing system with very limited buffer is presented. This algorithm is based on the effective genetic algorithm (GA) search method, and a formal Petri net structure is introduced to detect the token player assuring deadlock-free. In order to make the scheduling strategy generated by GA meet the required constraint of deadlock-free, some results of the structure analysis of Petri net are involved as a criterion to select deadlock-free schedule from the population generated by GA. The effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach is illustrated by using an example.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock,GA,Petri net,Scheduling
A Lagrangian relaxation approach to solving the integrated pick-up/drop-off point and AGV flowpath design problem	2004	Applied Mathematical Modelling	This paper tackles the problem of simultaneously locating the pick-up/drop-off (p/d) points along the periphery of a cell and determining the flowpath for an AGV based material handling system. A mathematical model to determine the p/d points as well as flowpath for a bi-directional AGV is presented. The model is solved using the Lagrangian relaxation technique. It incorporates features such as user-defined unloaded travel and separate loaded and unloaded flowpaths so as to aid in efficient operation of the material handling system.  2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	32	Modeling and Simulation,Applied Mathematics	AGV,Bi-directional,Flowpath,Lagrangian relaxation,P/d Points
An affordable modular mobile robotic platform with fuzzy logic control and evolutionary artificial neural networks	2004	Journal of Robotic Systems	Autonomous robotics projects encompass the rich nature of integrated systems that includes mechanical, electrical, and computational software components. The availability of smaller and cheaper hardware components has helped make possible a new dimension in operational autonomy. This paper describes a mobile robotic platform consisting of several integrated modules including a laptop computer that serves as the main control module, microcontroller-based motion control module, a vision processing module, a sensor interface module, and a navigation module. The laptop computer module contains the main software development environment with a user interface to access and control all other modules. Programming language independence is achieved by using standard input/output computer interfaces including RS-232 serial port, USB, networking, audio input and output, and parallel port devices. However, with the same hardware technology available to all, the distinguishing factor in most cases for intelligent systems becomes the software design. The software for autonomous robots must intelligently control the hardware so that it functions in unstructured, dynamic, and uncertain environments while maintaining an autonomous adaptability. This paper describes how we introduced fuzzy logic control to one robot platform in order to solve the 2003 Intelligent Ground Vehicle Competition (IGVC) Autonomous Challenge problem. This paper also describes the introduction of hybrid software design that utilizes Fuzzy Evolutionary Artificial Neural Network techniques. In this design, rather than using a control program that is directly coded, the robot's artificial neural net is first trained with a training data set using evolutionary optimization techniques to adjust weight values between neurons. The trained neural network with a weight average defuzzification method was able to make correct decisions to unseen vision patterns for the IGVC Autonomous Challenge. A comparison of the Lawrence Technological University robot designs and the design of the other competing schools shows that our platforms were the most affordable robot systems to use as tools for computer science and engineering education.  2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Control and Systems Engineering	None
Neural-network-based delivery time estimates for prioritized 300-mm automatic material handling operations	2004	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	This paper deals with lot delivery estimates in a 300-mm automatic material handling system (AMHS), which is composed of several intrabay loops. We adopt a neural network approach to estimate the delivery times for both priority and regular lots. A network model is developed for each intrabay loop. Inputs to the proposed neural network model are the combination of transport requirements, automatic material handling resources, and ratios of priority lots against regular ones. A discrete-event simulation model based on the AMHS in a local 300-mm fab is built. Its outputs are adopted for training the neural network model with the back propagation method. The outputs of the neural network model are the expected delivery times of priority and regular lots in the loop, respectively. For a lot to be transported, its expected delivery time along a potential delivery path is estimated by the summation of all the loop delivery times along the path. A shortest path algorithm is used to find the path with the shortest delivery time among all the possible delivery paths. Numerical experiments based on realistic data from a 300-mm fab indicate that this neural network approach is sound and effective for the prediction of average delivery times. Both the delivery times for priority and regular lots get improved. Specially, for the cases of regular lots, our approach dynamically routes the lots according to the traffic conditions so that the potential blockings in busy loops can be avoided. This neural network approach is applicable to implementing a transport time estimator in dynamic lot dispatching and fab scheduling functions in realizing fully automated 300-mm manufacturing.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	22	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	300-mm semiconductor manufacturing,AMHS,Neural network,Prioritized service
Fuzzy controller for wall-climbing microrobots	2004	IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems	This paper presents a fuzzy control system that incorporates sensing, control and planning to improve the performance of the wall-climbing microrobots in unstructured environments. After introduction of the robot system, a task reference method is proposed which is based on a fuzzy multisensor data fusion scheme. The method provides a novel mechanism to efficiently integrate task scheduling, action planning and motion control in a unified framework. A robot gait generation method is described which switches the robot locomotion between different motion modes with the help of a finite state machine driven by sensory information. A fuzzy motion controller is designed to improve control performance and reduce power consumption by the suitable selection of fuzzy sets and inference methods, as well as the definition of corresponding membership functions and control rule bases. A fuzzy logic compensator is developed to compensate the gravitational effects according to different robot configurations and task situations. Experimental results prove the validity of the proposed methods.  2004 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	44	Control and Systems Engineering,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	None
A highly efficient contactless electrical energy transmission system	2004	Electrical Engineering in Japan (English translation of Denki Gakkai Ronbunshi)	This paper proposes a new concept for contactless electrical energy transmission system for an elevator and an automated guided vehicle. The system has rechargeable batteries on the car and electrical energy is supplied at a specific place. When electric power is supplied to the car, it runs automatically and approaches the battery charger. Therefore, a comparatively large gap is needed between the primary transformer at the battery charger and the secondary transformer on the car in order to prevent damage which would be caused by a collision. In this case, a drop of the transformer coupling rate due to the large gap must be prevented. In conventional contactless electrical energy transmission technology, since electric power is received by a pickup coil from a power line, a large-sized transformer is required. When the distance over which the car runs is long, the copper loss of the line also increases. The developed system adopts a high-frequency inverter using a soft switching method to miniaturize the transformer. The system has a coupling rate of 0.88 for a transformer gap length of 10 mm and can operate at 91% efficiency.  2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	15	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,C-I shaped transformer,Contactless electrical energy transmission,Elevator,Soft switching
A fuzzy logic approach to reactive navigation of behavior-based mobile robots	2004	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	In this paper, a novel fuzzy logic control system is developed for reactive navigation of a behavior-based mobile robot in dynamic environments. A combination of multiple sensors is equipped to sense the obstacles near the robot, the target location and the current robot speed. A fuzzy logic system with 48 fuzzy rules is designed, which consists of three behaviors: target seeking, obstacle avoidance and barrier following. The "symmetric indecision" problem is resolved by several mandatory-turn rules, while the "dead cycle" problem is resolved by a state memory strategy. Under the control of the proposed fuzzy logic model, the mobile robot can preferably "see" the environment around, and avoid static and moving obstacles automatically. The robot can generate reasonable trajectories toward the target in various situations without suffering from the "symmetric indecision" and the "dead cycle" problems. The effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach are demonstrated by simulation studies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	35	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A generic embedded device for retrieving and transmitting information of various customized applications	2004	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	A Generic Embedded Device (GED) that can be installed to various kinds of information equipment, such as manufacturing equipment, portal servers, automatic guided vehicles, etc., is successfully developed in this work. GED is equipped with an embedded real-time operating system and several software modules to retrieve, collect, and manage equipment data. In particular, the communication management module of GED can transmit and receive data to/from remote clients via both wired and wireless networks. Moreover, GED has an object-oriented application interface that flexibly enables GED to add-in or update any customized application. Three typical communication mechanisms, namely the standard processes of exception notification, periodic inspection, and data inquiry are built in GED. As such, GED is able to handle a variety of customized applications, such as monitoring, detection, diagnostics, and prognostics of various kinds of information equipment. We believe that GED possesses the potentiality of information acquisition and transmission so that it can assist all kinds of information equipment to reach the goal of equipment-to-system (E2S) communication and facilitate the maintenance tasks.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	12	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	e-Diagnostics,e-Maintenance,Generic Embedded Device
Estimation of part waiting time and fleet sizing in AGV systems	2004	International Journal of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	As manufacturing systems have grown in size and complexity, material flow control has become one of the key issues for system efficiency, and determination of the number of vehicles required is an important issue in the design of the AGV (automatic guided vehicle) systems for automated material flow control. In an AGV system, a part issues a delivery request for its transportation, and then an empty vehicle is assigned based on a pre-determined vehicle selection rule and provides delivery service. This research presents a fleet sizing procedure for an AGV system with multiple pickup and delivery stations. A queueing model is used to estimate part waiting times. The fleet sizing procedure estimates the minimum number of vehicles needed to ensure a predefined part waiting time limit. While most stochastic models assume first-come-first-served or random vehicle selection rules for the selection of an empty vehicle, this model considers such additional rules as the nearest vehicle selection rule, which is the most popular among all vehicle selection rules. The performance of the proposed model is examined through computational experiments.  2005 Springer Science + Business Media, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	25	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV systems,Fleet sizing,Queueing,Stochastic approximation
Productivity of parallel production lines with unreliable machines and material handling	2004	IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering	Using parallelism in bufferless production lines can improve productivity, with significant productivity gains achieved with crossover. However, including crossover in the line implies additional material-handling requirements that may reduce the availability of the system. This paper examines if parallel systems with crossover between the stages are more productive than parallel systems without crossover between the stages, when one considers the availability of the additional material handling required for the crossover. The minimum material-handling availability necessary for inclusion of crossover is determined for a given parallel line's configuration such that productivity can be maximized. Note to Practitioners - Two approaches in configuring parallel manufacturing lines are currently being used in industrial plants. These have been characterized as the Japanese approach of parallel independent cells of serial operations, and the European approach of a serial line with each operation being duplicated in parallel. The European approach has a productivity advantage over the Japanese approach when considering machine failures within each operation. However, the European approach requires more material handling which increases the configuration complexity and can reduce productivity. A math model is developed to determine which approach is best for a given line design when line length is defined by process planning and line balancing, and line width is determined by throughput requirements. The analysis is limited to cell configurations that do not use buffers internal to the cell.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	15	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Availability,Material handling,Productivity,System analysis and design
Virtual vehicle in the connecting transport automated material-handling system (AMHS)	2004	International Journal of Production Research	In the connecting transport system, the time spent waiting for an empty vehicle is eliminated effectively and the work-in-process level can be reduced. Four different fixed vehicle types were used to carry out the wafers moving task. Thus, the automated material-handling system for a 300-mm wafer fab can be one of the three methods above or any mixture of these three connecting transport methods. However, no one method outperformed the others in all operational scenarios. A new concept of the virtual vehicle in the connecting transport automated material-handling system is proposed that can improve the task of moving wafers between bays and within each bay by a single system with interconnected lines. In this virtual vehicle environment, when the moving request is initiated, the wafers are assigned to the appropriate vehicle that can be changed to the vehicle type. Discrete-event simulation models are developed in eM-Plant and compared with the virtual vehicle through the fixed vehicle in the connecting transport automated material-handling system. Using the virtual vehicle, the simulation results show that the performance measures such as throughput, transport time, 95% transport time and waiting time can be improved for different flow rates of the environment.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	20	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
A multipath-mitigating indoor carrier-phase position tracking system	2004	Record - IEEE PLANS, Position Location and Navigation Symposium	This paper presents experimental results of a series of performance tests for an indoor position tracking system. It tracks the position of a radio-frequency (RF) transmitter and is based on a novel estimation technique known as Partial Pulse Positioning (P3). This technique reduces the negative impact of multipath and thereby leads to a high positional accuracy. Such high accuracy will have applications in inventory management, automated guided vehicle (AGV) navigation, security applications in airports, real time tracking of sports players, surveying and motion capture.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	New Zealand	1	Software,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A coordination strategy for distributed multi-agent manufacturing systems	2004	International Journal of Production Research	This paper proposes a distributed multi-agent approach for dynamic part routing in automated manufacturing systems. In particular, each part in the system is associated to an intelligent software agent that must select its next destination autonomously (i.e. ignoring the actions of the other agents) and in real time (i.e. at each time it completes an operation on a workstation). Differently from other existing approaches, we overcome the typical myopia of negotiation algorithms based on dispatching rules by allowing the part agents to take decisions not only about the imminent operation, but also for the subsequent ones. The anticipated decisions are transmitted to workstation agents, which are also designated to detect and resolve conflicts by modifying part agents' decisions. To describe the single agents and their interaction schemes in a formal way, we take advantage of DEVS discrete-event modelling tools, which also allow us to develop a detailed simulation platform for our multi-agent system. The simulation experiments obtained on a detailed model of a manufacturing system derived from the literature confirm the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	14	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Simulation Study on Vehicle Dispatching Strategies for Returnable Transport Packaging	2004	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Returnable transport packaging plays an important role in facilitating the transfer of a large volume of products in a close-loop distribution network. To make effective use of returnable transport packaging, vehicle dispatching strategies are crucial. With an appropriate vehicle dispatching strategy, for example, a fast turnover time and a short waiting time for packaging dispatch can be achieved. However, there are some factors that directly influence vehicle dispatching strategies. These factors include the arrival demand fluctuations, the availability of serving vehicles, and the geographic proximity of the facility to the customer's locations. In this study, authors investigate the effect of these factors on vehicle dispatching strategies for transport packaging by using a simulation modeling approach. This paper reports different performance outcomes obtained through various test cases.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dispatching rules,Modeling,Returnable transport packaging,Simulation,Vehicle allocation schemes
Coloured timed Petri net model for real-time control of automated guided vehicle systems	2004	International Journal of Production Research	Automated guided vehicle systems (AGVS) are material-handling devices representing an efficient and flexible option for products management in automated manufacturing systems. In AGVS, vehicles follow a guide-path while controlled by a computer that assigns the route, tasks, velocity, etc. Moreover, the design of AGVS has to take into account some management problems such as collisions and deadlocks. The paper presents a novel control strategy to avoid deadlock and collisions in zone-controlled AGVS. In particular, the control scheme manages the assignments of new paths to vehicles and their acquisition of the next zone. Moreover, the use of coloured Petri nets is proposed to model the dynamics of AGVS and implement the control strategy stemming from the knowledge of the system state. Additionally, extending the coloured Petri net model with a time concept allows investigation of system performance. Several simulations of an AGVS with varying fleet size while measuring appropriate performance indices show the effectiveness of the proposed control strategy compared with an alternative policy previously presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	38	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Application of automated guided vehicle (AGV) based on inductive guidance for newsprint rolls transportation system	2004	Journal of Dong Hua University (English Edition)	The paper presents the development and performance of a kinematics control scheme for the AGV based on inductive guidance in transporting newsprint rolls. The required error is pre-computed using a kinematics model of the AGV taking into account the effect of various factors that contribute to improve tracking performance of the AGV. Simulation and experimental results illustrate that the kinematics model performs well and the results of various factors contribute to tracking performance of the AGV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Polymers and Plastics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Inductive guidance,Simulation
Heuristic transporter routing model for manufacturing facility design	2004	Computers and Industrial Engineering	In this study, a transporter routing problem is analyzed and adapted for use in manufacturing facility design. Given fixed facility layout and predetermined material flow paths, this study determines the minimum number of transporters required to transfer material within a given manufacturing facility with minimal handling effort. The manufacturing facility design problem is particularly complex and involves the sub-problems such as design of the material network and the transporter routing problem, which provides the fleet size and the routing of each transporter over the flow network. The problem is formulated as an integer program. To solve the problem, we used a heuristic and integrated vehicle routing model. We also developed a heuristic solution program and several tests along with an industrial example to indicate the effectiveness of this method.  2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	7	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Facility design,Transporter routing problem,Vehicle routing problem
Performance evaluation of an automated material handling system for a wafer fab	2004	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	Discrete-event simulation model was developed to evaluate the performance of an automated material handling system (AMHS) for a wafer fab with a zone control scheme avoiding all vehicle collision. The layout of this AMHS is a custom configuration. The track option contains turntables, turnouts and high-speed express lanes. The behavior of the interarrival for all stockers from the real data set was analyzed to verify the assumption of the simulation model. The results show that the underlying distributions of most stockers for interarrival times belong to the exponential or Weibull distribution. The simulation results show that the number of vehicles significantly affects the average delivery time and the average throughput. A simple one-factor response surface model is used to determine the appropriate vehicle numbers. This study was also investigated to determine the vehicle numbers in an automated guided vehicle-based intrabay material handling system.  2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	25	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AMHS,Interbay,Intrabay,Performance evaluation,Simulation
Modeling and deadlock control of automated guided vehicle systems	2004	IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics	This paper presents a colored resource-oriented Petri net (CROPN) modeling method to deal with conflict and deadlock arising in automated guided vehicles (AGV) systems. It can handle both bidirectional and unidirectional paths. The former offer additional flexibility, efficiency, and cost saving when compared with the latter. Yet, they exhibit more challenging AGV management problems. Unlike jobs that can enter and leave automated manufacturing systems, AGVs always stay in the system. By modeling nodes with places and lanes with transitions, the proposed method can construct CROPN models for changing AGV routes. A control policy suitable for real-time implementation is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	100	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems,Deadlock avoidance,Modeling,Petri nets (PNs)
A building block approach to simulation: An evaluation using CONTAINERS ADRIFT	2004	Simulation and Gaming	A building block approach to simulation uses modules that are easily reusable and therefore speed up the simulation process. The authors assume that this approach can enhance complex decision making between stakeholders on infrastructure planning and design. The authors combined insights from process management and a simulation building block approach into an experimental interactive decision-making procedure and developed a simulation building block tool. The authors tested the procedure and the tool in the game CONTAINERS ADRIFT. Evaluation results indicate that the simulation tool is fast and easy to work with and that the combination of simulation building blocks and process management contributes to the quality and process of negotiation and generates mutual understanding.  2004 Sage Publications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	13	Business, Management and Accounting (miscellaneous),Computer Science Applications	Computer-based simulation,Container terminal,Decision support system,Dynamic modeling,Gaming,Infrastructure management,Planning,Process management,Simulation,Simulation building blocks,Transportation,Visualization
CLSS: An Intelligent Crane Lorry Scheduling System	2004	Applied Intelligence	Companies that provide crane-lorry services are faced with the daily need to perform vehicle and driver allocation and scheduling. Many companies still do this manually due to the lack of suitable technologies. This manual approach is both time consuming and inaccurate and most probably will not lead to an optimized plan that can reduce operational costs. In this paper, we describe the design of a system called "Crane Lorry Scheduling System" (CLSS) that we have developed for the largest crane lorry company in Hong Kong. A crane lorry company is a company that provides lorries with different types of mounted crane equipment and drivers to service different types of moving and lifting jobs. CLSS is a Web-based application that streamlines communication with customers, subcontractors and employees/lorry drivers. We modeled the lorry-assignment problem as a constraint-satisfaction problem (CSP) algorithm, which we call the "Crane Lorry Optimizing Engine" (CLOE). CLOE was designed to be easily customizable to match the needs and requirements of different crane lorry companies. We experimented with two versions of CLOE, regular CLOE that finds "best" solutions and X-CLOE that finds "optimal" solutions. Results from our tests show that CLOE is faster and generates better quality plans than the manual approach.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	1	Artificial Intelligence	Constraint programming,Constraint satisfaction problem,CSP,Optimization,Vehicle scheduling
A real-time path planning approach without the computation of Cspace obstacles	2004	Robotica	An important concept proposed in the early stage of robot path planning field is the shrinking of the robot to a point and meanwhile expanding of the obstacles in the workspace as a set of new obstacles. The resulting grown obstacles are called the Configuration Space (Cspace) obstacles. The find-path problem is then transformed into that of finding a collision free path for a point robot among the Cspace obstacles. However, the research experiences obtained so far have shown that the calculation of the Cspace obstacles is very hard work when the following situations occur: 1. both the robot and obstacles are not polygons and 2. the robot is allowed to rotate. This situation is even worse when the robot and obstacles are three dimensional (3D) objects with various shapes. Obviously a direct path planning approach without the calculation of the Cspace obstacles is strongly needed. This paper presents such a new real-time robot path planning approach which, to the best of our knowledge, is the first one in the robotic community. The fundamental ideas are the utilization of inequality and optimization technique. Simulation results have been presented to show its merits.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	15	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Autonomous underwater vehicle,Non-linear programming,Obstacle avoidance,Path planning,Real-time system,Robotics,Semi-infinite constrained optimization,Subsea vehicle
A machine-to-loop assignment and layout design methodology for tandem AGV systems with multiple-load vehicles	2004	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, we propose a design methodology for tandem Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems with multiple-load vehicles. Our goal is to devise a design methodology that can achieve the following objectives in multiple-load tandem AGV designs. The first objective is to achieve the workload-balance between vehicles of different loops. The second objective is to minimize the inter-loop flow. The final objective is to minimize the flow distance. To achieve these objectives, the following problems are studied. First, we conduct simulations to study the relationship between a vehicle's load-carrying capacity and work capacity. This relationship is then considered in the second problem, i.e. the problem of determining the machine content of each loop. A two-stage machine-to-loop assignment method is proposed for solving this problem. At the first stage, an initial machine-to-loop assignment is generated. This initial assignment is then improved at the second stage using Simulated Annealing (SA). The third problem is the problem of determining the layout of machines in each loop. A flow-line design method and SA are adopted for solving this problem. The fourth problem is the layout problem of guide-path loops. To solve this problem, a famous layout method found in the literature is adopted. The last problem includes the problem of determining the best orientation of each loop and the problem of finding the best places to set up transfer stations between adjacent loops. A mathematical programming model that can solve them simultaneously is proposed. Simulations are then conducted to verify the design, and to show that the proposed design methodology is indeed capable of producing good and satisfactory tandem AGV designs with multiple-load AGVs. Finally, it is our hope that the knowledge learned from this study can help us have a better understanding of multiple-load AGV systems and allow us to have successful implementations of similar systems in practice.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	31	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Fleet management system for underground mines	2004	CIM Bulletin	This paper describes a real-time fleet management system for an undergroun mine. Dispatching, routing and scheduling are handled simultaneously, taking into account the mine status, operational constraints and vehicle location information. Each assignment decision takes into account the traffic on the road segments of the mine network, whether road segments are bi-directionall or uni-directional, and ensures that each LHD f(load-haul-dump) vehicle arrives at loading and dumping points with the correct orientation. Such a system can be used either as a simulation tool for strategic planning or as a real-time managing and optimizing system for operations. In the simulation mode, the system can accurately estimate the impact on productivity of decisions such as the development of waiting areas (bays, sidings), or the addition (elimination) of vehicles to the fleet in operation. When used for real-time dispatching, routing and scheduling of vehicles, the system can optimize production with respect to various assignment criteria such as cycle-time minimization or deviation from a target production plan.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	Canada	4	Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology,Metals and Alloys	Dispatching,Fleet-management system,Laud-haul-dump (LHD) vehicle,Routing,Scheduling,Underground mining
Deadlock-Free Scheduling of Photolithography Equipment in Semiconductor Fabrication	2004	IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing	This paper presents the development of an efficient approach to the deadlock-free scheduling of photolithography equipment in semiconductor fabrication. Trends toward high automation and flexibility in the photolithography equipment accelerate the necessity of an intelligent scheduler that can guarantee reliability and improve the productivity of the photolithography equipment. Therefore, the scheduler of the photolithography equipment should be able to handle failures of process modules and deadlock while optimizing its performance measures such as throughput and utilization. The contingency of failure of process modules makes the tasks of optimizing the performance measures and managing deadlock more difficult because failure of process modules can change states unexpectedly and deadlock situations can vary dynamically according to failure of process modules. This paper proposes a deadlock-free scheduling approach that can perform scheduling and deadlock management in an efficient way for photolithography equipment, in spite of failures of process modules. First, this paper presents a novel framework in which the authors decompose the deadlock management problem into subproblems and then integrate them with scheduling algorithms. In other words, they identify deadlock-prone and deadlock-safe process modules in the context of the deadlock management and then focus on the deadlock-prone process modules to guarantee deadlock-freeness when applying scheduling algorithms to all of the process modules. To realize the proposed framework, a resource request matrix is introduced to represent operational states. The resource request matrix provides an explicit representation of the deadlock situations, which is useful in identifying deadlock-prone process modules and applying deadlock management algorithms. The authors also present algorithms of polynomial complexity to identify deadlock-prone process modules and algorithms to manage deadlock, which take failures of process modules into consideration.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	36	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Deadlock avoidance,Deadlock-free scheduling,Photolithography,Semiconductor fabrication
A comprehensive survey and future trend of simulation study on FMS scheduling	2004	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	Since the late 1970s when the first collection of papers on scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) has been published, it has been one of the most popular topics for researchers. A number of approaches have been delivered to schedule FMSs including simulation techniques and analytical methods, whereas the former is the most widely used tool for modeling FMSs. The objective of this paper is to review scheduling study on FMSs and analyse future trend that employed simulation techniques as the analyzing tool. Scheduling methodologies are categorized into, namely traditional simulation techniques with single criterion scheduling approaches, traditional simulation techniques with multi-criteria scheduling approaches, and artificial intelligence (AI) approaches in FMSs. It is concluded that AI approaches will be dominating in future study.	Journal	j	re	Review	Hong Kong	97	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	Artificial intelligence (AI),Flexible manufacturing systems,Multi-criteria,Scheduling,Simulation
Towards the improvement of a combined transport chain performance	2004	European Journal of Operational Research	Within the framework of the promotion of the environmental friendly modes, the European Commission has launched a number of research projects aiming at evaluating technical and organisational innovations that can improve the performance of the freight transport operations in the rail sector. The scope of this paper is to present a modelling approach focusing on the comparative evaluation of conventional and advanced rail-road terminal equipment. The set of models used, consists of an expert system for the terminal design, a model simulating terminal operations and a macro-model implementing rail operating forms and assigning freight flows in the transport network. This approach stems from the fact that the time savings due to efficient terminal transshipment can be used effectively only in combination with advanced rail operating forms.  2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	57	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Expert system,Intermodal transport chain,Modelling tools,Simulation,Terminal design
A hybrid GA/heuristic approach to the simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated guided vehicles	2004	International Journal of Production Research	In this paper, the problem of simultaneous scheduling of machines and identical automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in flexible manufacturing systems is addressed with the objective of minimizing the makespan. This problem is composed of two interrelated decision problems: the scheduling of machines, and the scheduling of AGVs. Both problems are known to be NP-complete, resulting in a more complicated NP-complete problem when they are considered simultaneously. A new hybrid Genetic-algorithm/heuristic coding scheme is developed for the studied problem. The developed coding scheme is combined with a set of genetic algorithm (GA) operators selected from the literature of the applications of GAs to the scheduling problems. The algorithm is applied to a set of 82 test problems, which was constructed by other researchers, and the comparison of the results indicates the superior performance of the developed coding.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	94	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Dispatching and conflict-free routing of automated guided vehicles: A hybrid approach combining constraint programming and mixed integer programming	2004	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper reports on the on-going development of a hybrid approach for dispatching and conflict-free routing of automated guided vehicles used for material handling in manufacturing. The approach combines Constraint Programming for scheduling and Mixed Integer Programming for routing without conflict. The objective of this work is to provide a reliable method for solving instances with a large number of vehicles. The proposed approach can also be used heuristically to obtain very good solution quickly.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2004.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Canada	13	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	Automated guided vehicles,Constraint programming,Hybrid model,Material handling systems,Routing
Object oriented modelling and development of a dispatching algorithm for automated guided vehicles	2004	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	The main problem for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) dispatching system is to assign vehicles to transport demands which optimise some predetermined objectives of a manufacturing shop. This paper presents a framework for an AGV dispatching system based on an object oriented approach using the unified modelling language (UML), and the development of a dispatching algorithm to facilitate a human controller to dispatch efficiently a fleet of AGVs in response to calls from any shop floor (or machine) operator. The main reason for this work is to model an AGV dispatching system as well as to develop a dispatching algorithm which can record details of the AGV position and movement and ensure their allocation of new orders. The provision of both immediate and pre-booked orders for an AGV is also incorporated in the proposed AGVs dispatching system. The underlying AGV dispatching system and algorithm are capable of dispatching a vehicle automatically to handle a call at the required time. In order to overcome difficulties associated with tackling immediate orders, pre-booked orders, and processing of information related to AGVs, a comprehensive dispatching algorithm is developed which aims to minimise lateness, traveling time and distance of empty vehicles in a simulated jobshop scenario. The effectiveness of the proposed framework for an AGV dispatching system is shown through a test problem.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVs,Dispatching algorithm,Job orders,UML
A multi-commodity network design approach for automated guided vehicle systems	2004	INFOR	This paper presents a multi-commodity network design approach to solve the problem of simultaneously locating I/O stations and determining the orientation of path segments in a flexible manufacturing environment. A unidirectional material handling system is assumed, as they are more common in industry than bi-directional systems mainly due to their simpler control. The problem is modeled using a mixed integer linear program with the objective of minimizing material handling costs. The model is used at the design stage of the system.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	1	Signal Processing,Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Automated Guided Vehicles,Integer Linear Programming,Material Handling,Multi-Commodity
Path-following control based on trajectory differences	2004	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	2004 IFAC.This paper deals with path-following control. In existing path-following control, velocity of e.g. vehicles has been often given as reference inputs. However, since velocity is tied in with other following characteristics such as control input and reaching time, trade-offs exist among those. To deal with the trade-offs explicitly, we first formulate an optimal control problem whose cost index is defined based on differences between given paths and trajectories of vehicle motion. The difference is modeled in terms of dynamics of curvature. This formulation enables us to deal with trade-offs among tracking error, reaching time, control costs and so on. The control input can be given by solving two point boundary problems numerically. The effectiveness of the proposed method is examined by numerical examples.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Optimal control,Trade offs,Vehicles,Velocity control
A predictive and reactive approach for the control and simulation of bi-directional transporters Une approche prdictive et ractive pour la commande et la simulation de transporteurs bidirectionnels	2004	Journal Europeen des Systemes Automatises	The control and simulation Automated Guided Vehicle Systems on a bi-directional circuit is very complex because of the necessity to avoid conflicts. These conflicts are the consequence of this kind of circuit. First, we present two approaches for conflicts avoidance: a predictive approach and a rea approach. Then, we present our routing strategy to jointly use these two types of methods, in order to have the advantages of each one of them. Finally, we describe our template library to ensure the easy construction of simulation models of bidirectional transportation systems with ARENA. This template uses our robust routing algorithm to manage the traffic.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Bi-directional circuit,Conflict avoidance,Simulation
A new navigation method for an automatic guided vehicle	2004	Journal of Robotic Systems	This paper presents a new navigation method for an automatic guided vehicle (AGV). This method utilizes a new navigation and control scheme based on searching points on an arc. Safety measure indices are defined and are generated from the output of a fuzzy neural network which define the actions the AGV is to take when in the presence of obstacles. The proposed algorithm integrates several functions required for automatic, guided vehicle navigation and tracking control and it exhibits satisfactory performance when maneuvering in complex environments. The automatic guided vehicle with this navigation control system.not only can quickly process environmental information, but also can efficiently avoid dynamic or static obstacles, and reach targets safety and reliably. Extensive simulation and experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and correct behavior of this scheme.  Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	7	Control and Systems Engineering	None
A look-ahead dispatching method for automated guided vehicles in automated port container terminals	2004	Transportation Science	To reduce delay in ship operations in automated container terminals, it is important to make different types of container handling equipment to operate harmoniously during this operation. Delivery operations by automated guided vehicles (AGVs) play an important role for synchronizing operations of container cranes with yard cranes. This study discusses how to dispatch AGVs by utilizing information about locations and times of future delivery tasks. A mixed-integer programming model is provided for assigning optimal delivery tasks to AGVs. A heuristic algorithm is suggested for overcoming the excessive computational time needed for solving the mathematical model. Objective values and computational times of the heuristic algorithm are compared with those of the optimizing method. To test performances of the heuristic algorithm, a simulation study is performed by considering the uncertainties of various operation times and the number of future delivery tasks for looking ahead. Also, the performance of the heuristic algorithm is compared with those of other dispatching rules.  2004 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	114	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Automated guided vehicle,Container port terminal,Dispatching
Testing and classifying vehicle dispatching rules in three real-world settings	2004	Journal of Operations Management	Guided vehicles (GVs) are commonly used for the internal transportation of loads in warehouses, production plants and terminals. These guided vehicles can be routed with a variety of vehicle dispatching rules in an attempt to meet performance criteria such as minimizing the average load waiting times. In this research, we use simulation models of three companies to evaluate the performance of several real-time vehicle dispatching rules, in part described in the literature. It appears that there is a clear difference in average load waiting time between the different dispatching rules in the different environments. Simple rules, based on load and vehicle proximity (distance-based) perform best for all cases. The penalty for this is a relatively high maximum load waiting time. A distance-based rule with time truncation, giving more priority to loads that have to wait longer than a time threshold, appears to yield the best possible overall performance. A rule that particularly considers load-waiting time performs poor overall. We also show that using little pre-arrival information of loads leads to a significant improvement in the performance of the dispatching rules without changing their performance ranking.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	50	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Case study research,Dispatching,Simulation,Vehicle scheduling
Liveness enforcing in closed AGV systems with dynamic routing	2004	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	The liveness of a closed AGV system is understood as the constant potential of each vehicle to attain any given zone in the guide path network. Based on the DES model of AGVS and the liveness condition proposed in our earlier work, we conduct a further analysis of the system behavior. The result is a general, algorithmically defined supervisor for AGVS, given in the form of the pseudo-code of a recursive parametric function. The parameter is a function that can implement various selection algorithms, and in combination with the general supervisor defines a class of particular, directly applicable supervisors of various permissiveness level. The correctness of the provided control is formally proved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Poland	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Using existing workstations as transfer stations in tandem AGV systems	2004	Journal of Manufacturing Systems	Tandem AGV systems, which were introduced by Bozer and Srinivasan, are based on dividing all the stations in a system into non-overlapping, single-vehicle zones with transfer stations connecting adjacent zones. Although tandem AGV systems offer flexibility and simplicity, the transfer stations, that is, the additional pickup/deposit (P/D) points and the conveyors connecting the P/D points, generally increase the cost and floor space requirements of the system. Furthermore, the transfer conveyors may interfere with other material handling functions and make it more difficult to reconfigure the zones. This paper considers the elimination of conveyros by using an existing station as a transfer point. Depending on how the vehicles access the station, however, such an approach may lead to blocking between vehicles. An analytical model is developed and an iterative algorithm is presented to evaluate the performance of two vehicles under possible blocking scenarios at the transfer station. A numerical example illustrates the accuracy of the analytical model. The proposed algorithm converges under the most realistic blocking scenario.  2004 Society of Manufacturing Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	7	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV Blocking,Material Handing Systems,Polling Models,Tandem AGV Systems
Automated guided vehicle system for two container yard layouts	2004	Transportation Research Part C: Emerging Technologies	The explosive growth in the freight volumes has put a lot of pressure on seaport authorities to find better ways of doing daily operations in order to improve the performance and to cope with avalanches of containers processing at container terminals. Advanced technologies, and in particular automated guided vehicle systems (AGVS), have been recently proposed as possible candidates for improving the terminal's efficiency not only due to their abilities of significantly improving the performance but also to the repetitive nature of operations in container terminals. The deployment of AGVS may not be as effective as expected if the container terminal suffers from a poor layout. In this paper, simulation models are developed and used to demonstrate the impact of automation and terminal layout on terminal performance. In particular, two terminals with different but commonly used yard configurations are considered for automation using AGVS. A multi attribute decision making (MADM) method is used to assess the performance of the two terminals and determine the optimal number of deployed automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in each terminal. The simulation results demonstrate that substantial performance can be gained using AGVS. Furthermore, the yard layout has an effect on the number of AGVs used and on performance.  2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	89	Civil and Structural Engineering,Automotive Engineering,Transportation,Computer Science Applications	AGV,Automation,Container terminal,Optimization
A multi-agent architecture for control of AGV systems	2004	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	Agent is an autonomous, computational entity that can be viewed as perceiving its environment and acting upon it. Agents are event-driven objects that can he integrated in automated manufacturing environments to control certain tasks. In this paper a set of agents (a multi-agent system) is introduced to control an automated manufacturing environment. The architecture includes functions at the manufacturing cell level, materials handling and transport level, and factory scheduling level. Communication between these agents is accomplished by using a relational database (blackboard system). The relational database also integrates the requirements of a manufacturing execution system within the multi-agent task structure, which is unique to this architecture. Manufacturing cell and scheduling agents have been previously described in the literature. Here we focus our attention on the functions of the agents of the transport system, which is composed of a set of AGVs.  2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	38	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Flexible manufacturing systems,Multi-agent systems
An architectural design of control software for automated container terminals	2004	Computers and Industrial Engineering	Automation of handling equipment is a current trend in port container terminal. Because a large number of equipment of different types are involved in the handling operation, the structure of control software is highly complicated. This paper introduces an architectural design of control software and a simulation-based test-bed for testing various control rules of the control software. The suggested control system consists of a ship operation manager (SOM) and system controllers for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) and automated yard cranes (AYCs). A SOM is in charge of dispatching tasks to equipment for preplanned load/unload operations. System controllers assign equipment to the SOM and maintain the information about the location and the status of equipment. To test the control system and the operation methods of the suggested container terminal, an object-oriented simulation system was developed using Java. Using the simulation system, several operation-related issues were tested, including the postponement of dispatching decisions and the sequence rearrangement of AGVs entering transfer areas under quay cranes (QCs).  2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	24	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Container terminal,Simulation,Traffic control
FMS optimal model based on extended high level global evaluation Petri net	2004	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	A flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is a complex discrete-event dynamic system. Based on the extended high level evaluation Petri Net (EHLEP-N) , the extended high level global evaluation Petri Net (EHLGEP-N) with global structure is proposed to model FMS. The combination of EHLGEP-N with the genetics-based minimum balance (GMB) algorithm is taken as an example to address that combining EHLGEP-N with intelligently optimal methods improves not only the integral performance of FMS optimal scheduling but also the visibility of the scheduling.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	FMS,Global structure,Intelligent optimization,Petri nets
Hybrid simulation-emulation model: AGVS example	2004	Proceedings of the 7th Biennial Conference on Engineering Systems Design and Analysis, ESDA 2004	Simulation and emulation have several salient contrasting functions and features. They include different aims, levels of details, execution time and integration of models. In many cases, a project will require both a simulation model for initial analysis and development, as well as an emulation model for testing a control system. If this is the case, a copy of the simulation model can be used as a starting point for developing the emulation model. Hybrid simulation-emulation model, one that is used for both purposes should have a facility to switch off/on certain elements from the model as necessary. There is much published work in simulation and a dearth of work in emulation. To date there has been no work published in converting a simulation into emulation model. This paper describes a novel approach, which combines both attributes, and is illustrated using a case study based on an Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS).	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Engineering (all)	AGV,Arena RT,Emulation,Simulation
Dynamic one-way traffic control in automated transportation systems	2004	Transportation Research Part B: Methodological	In a project on underground freight transportation using Automated Guided Vehicles, single lanes for traffic in two directions are constructed to reduce infrastructure investment. Intelligent control rules are required to manage vehicle flows such, that collision is avoided and waiting times are minimised. In contrast to standard traffic control at intersections, these control rules should take into account significant driving times along the single lane (in our application up to 8 min). Whereas periodic control rules are often applied in traffic theory, we focus on adaptive rules such as look-ahead heuristics and dynamic programming algorithms. Numerical experiments show that our control rules reduce waiting times by 10-25% compared to a straightforward periodic rule. Dynamic programming yields the best results in terms of mean waiting times.  2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	19	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Heuristics,Simulation,Traffic control,Transportation networks
Dynamic models of an AGV based on experimental results	2004	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2004 IFACBased on experimental results, longitudinal and steering system models of an Autonomous Guided Vehicle (AGV) are determined. The longitudinal model has been determined by using a method based on the velocity step response of the vehicle and the steering model has been obtained by means of the simulation of an approximated dynamic model of the steering system. The simulated results are compared with the real experiments. Finally, the determined dynamic model are used in simulation with several control schemes to check the robutness of the controllers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	4	Control and Systems Engineering	AGV,Dynamic model,Longitudinal model,Steering
Dynamic positioning of a mobile robot using a laser-based goniometer	2004	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  2004 IFACPositioning is a fundamental problem in mobile robot navigation. Several approaches to cope with the dynamic positioning problem have been made. Most of them are based on the inconsistent use of the algorithm for static positioning enhanced by predictive algorithms. In this paper, a method that guarantees the consistent use of this algorithm at any time under dynamic condition is presented. It combines vehicle kinematics and laser-based goniometer data for real time simulation of the evolution of the straight lines between the laser-based goniometer and the set of artificial landmarks used. Experimental results showing the accuracy of this method are presented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	5	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Kinematics,Mobile robots,Positioning systems,Robot navigation
LoPS - local positioning system LoPS - lokales positionsbestimmungssystem	2004	At-Automatisierungstechnik	Navigation is a prerequisite for the execution of service tasks by mobile robots. For that reason, an ultrasonic based trilateration system for mobile robot navigation is presented in the following. The Local Positioning System LoPS allows the determination of object positions in large areas. During development the main focus of attention has been put to cheap, robust and simple sensors. LoPS has been designed as a reference system for mobile robot localisation approaches, but the system is useful for all measuring applications requiring the determination of Cartesian coordinates.  Oldenbourg Verlag.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Mobile robot,Navigation,Trilateration,Ultrasonic TOF
A fuzzy-braitenberg navigation strategy for differential drive mobile robots	2004	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Copyright  IFAC Mechatronic Systems, Sydney, Australia, 2004.In this paper, a novel algorithm is developed to achieve efficient and smooth navigation for a differential drive mobile robot in unknown environments. The algorithm takes advantage of the essential characteristics of a differential drive robot and combines fuzzy logic with the ideas of Braitenberg vehicles. We have also proposed and tested a new technique for tuning a membership function referred to as NEAR, representing the closeness of the robot to an obstacle. The tuning scheme is obtained based on the distribution directives of the range sensors on the robot. The resulting navigation algorithm has been implemented on a real mobile robot and tested in various environments. Some problems in the implemented algorithm are identified and effective solutions are proposed. Experimental results are presented which demonstrate the effectiveness and improved performance of the resulting Fuzzy-Braitenberg navigation scheme.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	3	Control and Systems Engineering	Braitenberg vehicle,Differential mobile robot,Fuzzy logic,Navigation system,Unknown environment
Autonomous robot navigation using adaptive potential fields	2004	Mathematical and Computer Modelling	In this paper is presented a new scheme for autonomous navigation of a mobile robot, based on improved artificial potential fields and a genetic algorithm. In conventional artificial potential field methods, the robot is attracted by the goal position only, and rejected by several obstacles. Use of a single attraction point can lead to trap situations where the method is unable to produce the resultant force needed to avoid large obstacles. In the scheme presented here, multiple auxiliary attraction points have been used to allow the robot to avoid large, or closely spaced, obstacles. The configuration of the optimum potential field is automatically determined by a genetic algorithm. Simulation experiments performed with three different obstacle configurations, and ten different routes, showed that the scheme reported has a good performance in environments with high obstacle densities, achieving a success rate of 93 per cent.  2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Mexico	68	Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Automatic guided vehicles,Genetic algorithms,Potential fields,Robot navigation
A human robot interactive system "RoJi"	2004	KSME International Journal	A human-friendly interactive system that is based on the harmonious symbiotic coexistence of human and robots is explored. Based on interactive technology paradigm, a robotic cane is proposed for blind or visually impaired travelers to navigate safely and quickly through obstacles and other hazards faced by blind pedestrians. Robotic aids, such as robotic canes, require cooperation between human and robots. Various methods for implementing the appropriate cooperative recognition, planning, and acting, have been investigated. The issues discussed include the interaction between humans and robots, design issues of an interactive robotic cane, and behavior arbitration methodologies for navigation planning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	0	Mechanical Engineering	Human-Robot Interaction,Interactive Technology,Robotic Cane,Shared Behavior Control
Advanced rail and maritime system demonstrations in Europe	2004	Transportation Research Record	The development of innovative systems for rail and maritime terminals is an issue high on the agenda of the transport industry. In Europe, a number of new transport systems for unitized cargoes are already in the mature design or pilot phase. A study was done to present a subset of these systems for which pilot demonstrations exist, to identify the basic directions of the relevant technological research and to evaluate the effects of these systems on the structural and operational environment of the terminals. The relevant analysis was based on the experience extracted by field trials as well as by modeling tasks used for the evaluation of the related terminal performance. It was revealed that tasks such as the reduction of terminal access time, fast train loading and unloading, and achievement of high degrees in equipment automation are technically and operationally feasible.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Greece	1	Civil and Structural Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Scalable automated verification via expert-system guided transformations	2004	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Transformation-based verification has been proposed to synergistically leverage various transformations to successively simplify and decompose large problems to ones which may be formally discharged. While powerful, such systems require a fair amount of user sophistication and experimentation to yield greatest benefits - every verification problem is different, hence the most efficient transformation flow differs widely from problem to problem. Finding an efficient proof strategy not only enables exponential reductions in computational resources, it often makes the difference between obtaining a conclusive result or not. In this paper, we propose the use of an expert system to automate this proof strategy development process. We discuss the types of rules used by the expert system, and the type of feedback necessary between the algorithms and expert system, all oriented towards yielding a conclusive result with minimal resources. Experimental results are provided to demonstrate that such a system is able to automatically discover efficient proof strategies, even on large and complex problems with more than 100,000 state elements in their respective cones of influence. These results also demonstrate numerous types of algorithmic synergies that are critical to the automation of such complex proofs.  Springer-Verlag 2004.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	United States	33	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Engineering solutions of traffic safety problems of road transport	2004	Transport	The authors of this paper focus on the simulation of the motor vehicle movement (taking into consideration motor vehicle dynamics, motor vehicle hydraulic brake system influence on motor vehicle movement, interaction between its wheels with road pavements, road guardrail characteristics, interaction between motor vehicle and road guardrail) on a certain road section and propose their specific solution of this problem. The presented results, illustrating the motor vehicle movement trajectories (motor vehicle braking and interaction between motor vehicle and road guardrail at various initial conditions and at various certain pavement surface of the road section under investigation) and work of a motor vehicle hydraulic brake system. Taking into consideration the presented general mathematical model and computer aided test results it is possible to investigate various road transport traffic situations as well as to investigate various transport traffic safety problems.  2004 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Lithuania	13	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Computer aided test,Dynamics,Hydraulic brake system,Interaction,Mathematical simulation,Motor vehicle,Road guardrail,Road pavement surface,Wheel
Model and control holonic manufacturing systems based on fusion of contract nets and Petri nets	2004	Automatica	Holonic manufacturing systems (HMS) can be modeled as multi-agent systems to which contract net protocol can be effectively and robustly applied. However, the lack of analysis capability of contract nets makes it difficult to avoid undesirable states such as deadlocks in HMS. This paper presents a framework to model and control HMS based on fusion of Petri net and multi-agent system theory. The main results include: (1) a multi-agent model and a collaboration process to form commitment graphs in HMS based on contract net protocol, (2) a procedure to convert commitment graph to collaborative Petri net (CPN), and (3) feasible conditions and collaborative algorithms to award contracts in HMS based on CPNs.  2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	39	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Agents,Co-operation,Co-ordination,Deadlock,Flexible manufacturing systems,Petri nets
Soft computing techniques	2004	Distributed Sensor Networks	2005 by Chapman & Hall/CRC.The general classes of techniques given here are thus known as meta-heuristics. Meta-heuristics, fuzzy sets, and artificial neural networks also make up the set of what has come to be known as soft computing technologies. These are advanced computational techniques for problem solving.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	United States	1	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
An evolutionary algorithm-based decision support system for managing flexible manufacturing	2004	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	The high investment cost of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) requires their management to be effective and efficient. The effectiveness in managing FMSs includes addressing machine loading, scheduling parts and dispatching vehicles and the quality of the solution. Therefore the problem is inevitably multi-criteria, and decision maker's judgement may contribute to the quality of the solution and the systems's performance. On the other hand, each of these problems of FMS is hard to optimize due to the large and discrete solution spaces (NP-hard). The FMS manager must address each of these problems hierarchically (separately) or simultaneously (aggregately) in a limited time. The efficiency of the management is related to the response time. Here we propose a decision support system that utilizes an evolutionary algorithm (EA) with a memory of "good" past experiments as the solution engine. Therefore, even in the absence of an expert decision maker the performance of the solution engine and/or the quality of the solutions are maintained. The experiences of the decision maker(s) are collected in a database (i.e., memory-base) that contains problem characteristics, the modeling parameters of the evolutionary program, and the quality of the solution. The solution engine in the decision support system utilizes the information contained in the memory-base in solving the current problem. The initial population is created based on a memory-based seeding algorithm that incorporates information extracted from the quality solutions available in the database. Therefore, the performance of the engine is designed to improve following each use gradually. The comparisons obtained over a set of randomly generated test problems indicate that EAs with the proposed memory-based seeding perform well. Consequently, the proposed DSS improves not only the effectiveness (better solution) but also the efficiency (shorter response time) of the decision maker(s).  2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	14	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Decision support systems,Evolutionary algorithms,Flexible manufacturing,Genetic algorithms,Memory-based reasoning,Operations scheduling,Parts assignment
Estimation of Object Kinematics From Point Data	2004	Journal of Mechanical Design, Transactions of the ASME	One of the fundamental problems arising in kinematics is that of determining object position, velocity and acceleration from given point position, velocity and acceleration data. This type of problem is frequently encountered in robotics, biomechanics, real-time control of space structures, automatic guided vehicles, etc. Complications arise when redundant data are used and when the data have errors. Chutakanonta and Gupta proposed two simple and elegant methods for the estimation of object position from the given point position data. The present work is an extension of these methods for estimating the object velocity and acceleration states from the given point position, velocity and acceleration data. The method proposed herein uses Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) to effectively estimate the object velocity and acceleration states. Such matrix decompositions can be performed by using readily available matrix-oriented software like MATLAB and can be successfully used to simplify the solution of the over-determined system of equations encountered in these types of problems. Several hypothetical examples and examples that simulate practical situations are presented to determine the effectiveness, robustness and applicability of the proposed method. The method is found to be very effective in estimating the object velocity and acceleration states in the presence of imprecise and redundant data as well as for nearly co-planar point data.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	13	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design	None
Scheduling with discrete resource constraints	2004	Handbook of Scheduling: Algorithms, Models, and Performance Analysis	2004 by CRC Press LLC.In this chapter we will consider the problem of scheduling tasks on processors (machines) under discrete resource constraints. The additional resources may stand for memory, channels, reentrant procedures in case of computer systems or for tools, fixtures, automated guided vehicles, and robots in case of manufacturing systems. Depending on their nature and usage, resources can be characterized by classes, categories, and types.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Poland	7	Computer Science (all),Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all),Engineering (all)	None
Fast Parking Control of Mobile Robots: A Motion Planning Approach With Experimental Validation	2004	IEEE Transactions on Control Systems Technology	This paper presents a solution to the general parking problem of nonholonomic mobile robots based on motion planning and tracking controller design. A new global tracking controller is first proposed to achieve global uniformly asymptotic stability and local exponential convergence. The parking problem is then transformed into a tracking one by adding a redesigned virtual trajectory to the original trajectory, thus guaranteeing practical stability with exponential convergence. Further improvement in parking performance is obtained through linearization and pole-placement methods. One feature of our approach is that fast convergence in parking and tracking can be treated at the same time without switching between two controllers. Moreover, a tuning function is used to enhance parking performance. With the proposed framework, various tracking controllers given in the literature can be adopted to handle parking problems. The effectiveness of the proposed methods is verified by several interesting experiments including parallel parking and back-into-garage parking.  2004, The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	37	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Locally exponential convergence,mobile robots,motion planning,parking control,pole placement,tracking control
Specification and formal verification of temporal properties of production automation systems	2004	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This article describes our approach for the specification and verification of production automation systems with real-time properties. We focus on the graphical MFERT notation and RT-OCL (Real-Time Object Constraint Language) for the specification of state-oriented real-time properties. RT-OCL is an extension of the Object Constraint Language (OCL) that is part of the Unified Modeling Language (UML). We introduce the formal semantics of RT-OCL based on a formal model of UML Class and State Diagrams and provide a mapping to temporal logics. The applicability of our approach is demonstrated by the case study of a manufacturing system with automated guided vehicles.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2004.	Book Series	k	ar	Article	Germany	5	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Dispatching of an electric monorail system: Applying metaheuristics to an online pickup and delivery problem	2004	Transportation Science	In this article we present a new solution approach for a specific online pickup and delivery problem as it occurs in a real-world dispatching task of electric monorail load carriers. The presented optimization module adapts the communication structure of the respective IT components of the warehouse system to facilitate an easy integration. Numerical results are presented comparing steepest descent as well as reactive tabu search and simulated annealing with the dispatching system used so far. Tests are performed on the basis of a detailed simulation model of the entire warehouse and show a clear superiority for this approach.  2004 Informs.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Germany	22	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Logistics,Metaheuristics,Online optimization,Pickup and delivery problem,Simulation,Warehouse operations
