Laser-based position recovery of a free-ranging automatic guided vehicle	2005	Proceedings of the 2005 IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics, ICM '05	This paper develops techniques for position recovery of a free-ranging automatic guided vehicle using a dead-reckoning device and a laser scanner. Extended information filtering (EIF) scheme is presented using a simple rectangular model and a 2-D laser scanner. By continuously updating the robot's pose and matching the laser data with the environmental model, we find that the outliers can be filtered out effectively by validation gate. Moreover, a Range-Weighted Hough Transform (RWHT) is used to extract the modeled lines from the clutter data. Computer simulations and experimental results are performed to illustrate the feasibility and efficacy of the proposed position recovery methods.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	2	Engineering (all)	Extended information filter,Laser scanner,Position recovery,Range-Weighted Hough Transform,Sensor fusion
Simultaneous scheduling of machines and multiple-load automated guided vehicles using a genetic algorithm	2005	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	In this paper, a new genetic algorithm approach to simultaneous scheduling of machines and multiple-load automated guided vehicles is proposed. The proposed method is based on a genetic algorithm for job shop scheduling problems. The proposed method is applied to a set of 82 test problems of the simultaneous scheduling. The result shows the effectiveness of the proposed method.  2005 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Genetic Algorithm,Heuristics,Multiple-load AGVs,Simultaneous Scheduling
A dispatching method for automated guided vehicles by using a bidding concept	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	A dispatching method is suggested for automated guided vehicles by using an auction algorithm. The dispatching method in this study is different from traditional dispatching rules in that it looks into the future for an efficient assignment of delivery tasks to vehicles and also in that multiple tasks are matched with multiple vehicles. The dispatching method in this study is distributed in the sense that the dispatching decisions are made through communication among related vehicles and machines. The theoretical rationale behind the distributed dispatching method is also discussed. Through a simulation study, the performance of the method is compared with that of a popular dispatching rule.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Japan	0	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Distributed dispatching method,Simulation
Scheduling vehicles in automated transportation systems Algorithms and case study	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	One of the major planning issues in large scale automated transportation systems is so-called empty vehicle management, the timely supply of vehicles to terminals in order to reduce cargo waiting times. Motivated by a Dutch pilot project on an underground cargo transportation system using Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs), we developed several rules and algorithms for empty vehicle management, varying from trivial First-Come, First-Served (FCFS) via look-ahead rules to integral planning. For our application, we focus on attaining customer service levels in the presence of varying order priorities, taking into account resource capacities and the relation to other planning decisions, such as terminal management. We show how the various rules are embedded in a framework for logistics control of automated transportation networks. Using simulation, the planning options are evaluated on their performance in terms of customer service levels, AGV requirements and empty travel distances. Based on our experiments, we conclude that look-ahead rules have significant advantages above FCFS. A more advanced so-called serial scheduling method outperforms the look-ahead rules if the peak demand quickly moves amongst routes in the system.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	0	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Freight transportation,Simulation,Vehicle scheduling
Comparison of vehicle types at an automated container terminal	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	At automated container terminals, containers are transshipped from one mode of transportation to another. Automated vehicles transport containers from the stack to the ship and vice versa. Two different types of automated vehicles are studied in this paper, namely automated lifting vehicles and automated guided vehicles. An automated lifting vehicle is capable of lifting a container from the ground by itself. An automated guided vehicles needs a crane to receive and deliver a container. In designing automated container terminals one have to consider the choice for a certain type of equipment. The choice for a certain type of equipment should be made by performing a feasibility and economic analysis on various types of equipment. In this paper, we examine effects of using automated guided vehicles and automated lifting vehicles on unloading times of a ship, with simulation studies. In choosing a certain type of equipment we have considered criteria such as unloading times of a ship, occupancy degrees and the number of vehicles required. 38% more AGVs need to be used than ALVs. From this specific study, we conclude that, by observing only purchasing costs of equipment, ALVs are a cheaper option than AGVs. To obtain an accurate analysis we have performed a sensitivity analysis. It can be concluded that the design of the terminal and technical aspects of quay cranes impact the number of vehicles required and as a result the choice for a certain type of equipment.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Netherlands	4	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	AGVs and ALVs,Container logistics,Simulation
Modeling and deadlock avoidance of automated manufacturing systems with multiple automated guided vehicles	2005	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Part B: Cybernetics	An automated manufacturing system (AMS) contains a number of versatile machines (or workstations), buffers, an automated material handling system (MHS), and is computer-controlled. An effective and flexible alternative for implementing MHS is to use automated guided vehicle (AGV) system. The deadlock issue in AMS is very important in its operation and has extensively been studied. The deadlock problems were separately treated for parts in production and transportation and many techniques were developed for each problem. However, such treatment does not take the advantage of the flexibility offered by multiple AGVs. In general, it is intractable to obtain maximally permissive control policy for either problem. Instead, this paper investigates these two problems in an integrated way. First we model an AGV system and part processing processes by resource-oriented Petri nets, respectively. Then the two models are integrated by using macro transitions. Based on the combined model, a novel control policy for deadlock avoidance is proposed. It is shown to be maximally permissive with computational complexity of O(n2) where n is the number of machines in AMS if the complexity for controlling the part transportation by AGVs is not considered. Thus, the complexity of deadlock avoidance for the whole system is bounded by the complexity in controlling the AGV system. An illustrative example shows its application and power.  2005 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	144	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Automated manufacturing,Deadlock avoidance,Petri nets
A multi-objective partitioning algorithm for tandem AGV systems	2005	Proceedings of the 35th International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering, ICC and IE 2005	In a tandem automated guided vehicle (AGV) system, the shop floor is partitioned into a group of non-overlapping zones, each served by a single dedicated AGV and may have one or more transfer points that link it to other zones. In this paper, a two-phases partitioning algorithm for designing tandem AGV systems is proposed. The algorithm serves three objectives; minimizing the material handling cost, minimizing the maximum workload and minimizing the number of trips made between zones. Workload and cost analysis are based on the Shortest-Time-to-Travel-First (STTF) dispatching policy. Performance evaluation for the algorithm is carried out by validating its estimates using simulation, and comparing its performance to the performance of other algorithms.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Canada	3	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Partitioning,Tandem
A unified approach to minimum-time routing of automated guided vehicles system	2005	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	This paper proposes a new approach to the routing problem of bi-directional AGVs. The routing problem has been usually solved through two stages: offline stage and online stage. However, this hierarchical approach may result in low performance if unanticipated accidents are occurred frequently during online operation. We propose a unified approach to solve the routing problem in one stage. The layout is modeled as a network, and paths of vehicles are generated considering the current state of vehicles and stations. Simulation results verify that the proposed method is useful for AGV system.  2005 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Path optimization,Routing
Simulation-based performance evaluation of transport vehicles at automated container terminals	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	Significant unproductive and costly waiting occurs during AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) use, both under the CC (Container Crane) and in the blocks compared to that of a manual yard tractor. A possible solution to this problem is that, in the design of ACT (Automated Container Terminals), ALV (Automated Lifting Vehicles), which can load and unload their own containers, be considered as an alternative. In this paper, the objective is to analyze how increases in the use of ALVs rather than AGVs affects the productivity of ACTs. We derived four inferences regarding the cycle time of vehicles and verified their validity in a simulation. A simulation model of an ACT with perpendicular layout was developed and is described in this paper. From the results of the simulation analysis, we determined the savings effect by cycle time and the required number of vehicles. We demonstrated that the ALV is superior to the AGV in both productivity and efficiency principally because the ALV eliminates the waiting time in the buffer zone.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	South Korea	1	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	ACT (Automated Container Terminal),AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle),ALV (Automated Lifting Vehicle),Productivity,Simulation model
Dispatching multi-load AGVs in highly automated seaport container terminals	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	This paper is concerned with AGV dispatching in seaport container terminals. Special attention is given to multi-load vehicles which can carry more than one container at a time. The characteristics of this complex application environment and the impact on the AGV dispatching problem are analyzed and various solution techniques considered. For practical application within an online logistics control system, a flexible priority rule based approach is developed, making use of an extended concept of the availability of vehicles. For evaluation reasons, this approach is complemented by an alternative MILP formulation. Finally, the performance of the priority rule based approach and the MILP model are analysed for different scenarios with respect to total lateness of the AGVs. The main focus of the numerical investigation is on evaluating the priority rule based approach for single and dual-load vehicles as well as comparing its performance against the MILP modelling approach.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	7	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Container terminals,Dispatching,Multi-load AGVs,Online control
A map generation method for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV)	2005	Proceedings - 2005 International Conference on Wireless Communications, Networking and Mobile Computing, WCNM 2005	This paper develops a map generation method for AGVS by integrating multiple observation results considering the uncertainties in observation and motion. The map is incrementally generated by integrating each observation result into the latest map. Since the robot movement includes uncertainty, the AGV position is estimated before integration by matching the latest map and the new observation. Experiment results show that the map generation method can generate map for AGVS efficiently and precisely.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	1	Engineering (all)	AGV,Map generation,Stereo vision
Vehicle positioning in complex automated transport systems	2005	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	This paper addresses the problem of vehicle positioning for automated transport in full-automated manufacturing systems. This study is motivated by the complexity of vehicle control found in semiconductor fabrication where the material handling network path is composed of multiple interconnected loops. We propose an integer linear program that minimizes the maximum time needed to serve a transport request. We also present a variant of the model in order to take into account the utilization rate of vehicles. The practical usefulness of the model is also discussed.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	4	Engineering (all)	None
Automated guided vehicle systems trends in technology and application	2005	American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Manufacturing Engineering Division, MED	The automation of transportation in the production, trade and service sector is a key point in the optimization of logistics. For this task Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) provide special benefits. Main points of these systems are the central controlled Automated Guided Vehicles (AGV). In the beginning, the vehicles were guided by optical or inductive guidelines. The main disadvantages of guidelines are the inflexibility regarding the modification and changing of the routing and the necessity of installations on or in the ground. New developments result in guidance without guidelines. An example of this development is the laser guidance for the AGV. The AGVs have a high individuality. They are usually developed and constructed for the demands of a special application and are therefore unique. Due to this individuality a special problem is the wide variety of maintenance and part logistics. Research and development leads to new approaches to this question. Examples are the implementation of the modulation of AGV and the implementation of construction kits. Further points are the reduction of complexity of the modules and the establishment of compatibility between various AGVS-producers. Another main direction of the development is the supplementary automation of standard fork lift trucks. At the Department of Planning and Controlling of Transport Systems and Warehouses, University of Hanover (PSLT), an AGV was developed and established for further research. This AGV is used for verification and validation of new hardware and software components, like safety, navigation or controlling parts. It is strictly modular composed and offers a high adaptation in different directions. Based on the AGVS-Statistic Europe, which is created and administrated by the department PSLT, the main application of AGVS and the industrial sectors in which they are used are analyzed. With this database developments and current trends in the AGVS-sector are identified. More and more the AGVS-producers have to offer their products in a global competition. The relevance of AGVS in the area of automation will increase in the future. Copyright  2005 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	0	Engineering (all)	None
Queuing models of vehicle-based automated material handling systems in semiconductor fabs	2005	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	This research explores analytical models useful in the design of vehicle-based Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHS) to support semiconductor manufacturing. The objective is to correctly estimate the throughput and move request delay. The analysis approach is based on queuing network models, but taking into account details of the operation of the AMHS. We analyze the vehicles movement in the system using a Markov chain. This analysis provides the essential parameters such as the blocking probabilities in order to estimate the performance measures. A numerical example is provided to demonstrate and validate the queuing model.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	6	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Routing algorithm for the pickup and delivery problem considered with limited buffer capacity	2005	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	This paper discusses an online routing problem for automated guided vehicles (AGVs) along with a schedule made by a production scheduler. The routing problem results in a constrained version of a Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows (PDPTW), and this paper gives a mathematical formulation of the problem. This paper, also, proposes an algorithm to make routes while avoiding deadlocks and buffer overflows. This algorithm guarantees to make deadlock-free routes.  2005 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Autonomous distributed system,Flexible manufacturing systems,Routing
Fleet sizing and vehicle routing for container transportation in a static environment	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	Busan is one of the busiest seaports in the world where millions of containers are handled every year. The space of the container terminal at the port is so limited that several small container yards are scattered in the city. Containers are frequently transported between the container terminal and container yards, which may cause tremendous traffic problems. The competitiveness of the container terminal may seriously be aggravated due to the increase in logistics costs. Thus, there exist growing needs for developing an efficient fleet management tool to resolve this situation. This paper proposes a new fleet management procedure based on a heuristic tabu search algorithm in a container transportation system. The proposed procedure is aimed at simultaneously finding the minimum fleet size required and travel route for each vehicle while satisfying all the transportation requirements within the planning horizon. The transportation system under consideration is static in that all the transportation requirements are predetermined at the beginning of the planning horizon. The proposed procedure consists of two phases: In phase one, an optimization model is constructed to obtain a fleet planning with minimum vehicle travel time and to provide a lower bound on the fleet size. In phase two, a tabu search based procedure is presented to construct a vehicle routing with the least number of vehicles. The performance of the procedure is evaluated and compared with two existing methods through computational experiments.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	South Korea	1	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Container transportation,Fleet sizing,Tabu search,Vehicle routing
Optimal design, evaluation, and analysis of AGV transportation systems based on various transportation demands	2005	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	In this paper, two designs for optimal Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) transportation systems are presented. One is vertical and the other, horizontal. For these systems, the hybrid design methodology proposed here is used. Therefore, we describe how to model and formulate these transportation systems and derive the design parameters, that is, the optimal design solutions. We next evaluate these two transportation systems based on the various transportation requirements, that is, the demands from a port authority. For this purpose, we compare the systems based on the total costs in constructing them. Finally, the evaluation and analytical results are provided, and the most convenient system is presented based on the validity of each system for the given demand. 2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV transportation system,Analysis,Evaluation,Optimal and hybrid design methodology
Scheduling in the flexible production systems Ordonnancement dans les systèmes flexibles de production	2005	Journal Europeen des Systemes Automatises	Flexible Manufacturing Systems have received a considerable amount of attention from the research community. This work has been achieved under a research project of the GDR RO denoted FMS. This article is not a state of the art on FMS but rather a description of research carried out in the French community and placed into the international research community in this subject. We pointout first the FMS challenging problems and second the methods of interest to address these problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	FMS,Scheduling,Sequencing
The application of spline functions and bézier curves to AGV path planning	2005	IEEE International Symposium on Industrial Electronics	The paper describes a path planning method for an automated guided vehicle (AGV). The method consists of two steps, the calculation of a path by using Bézier curves and the calculation of a path trajectory by using a Ho and Cook spline-interpolation algorithm. The generation of parallel path curves for left-hand and right-hand AGV wheels is elaborated. The solution for the generation of sharp curves is derived. The proposed path planning method has been tested on tricycle-type AGVs with a front stabilization wheel and two rear powered wheels.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Croatia	12	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
The robust and fast approach for vision-based shadowy road boundary detection	2005	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	The objective of this paper is to develop a robust and fast algorithm for vision-based road boundary detection. This paper proposes a flexible scenario to integrate two algorithms developed by our previous work for improving the precision and robustness of the lane boundary detection, and applied on the vision-based automated guided vehicle (AGV) system. In our previous study on vision-based AGV, the road boundary detection was used to measure the attitude of vehicle in order to guide along the lane center and keeps correct attitude. The traditional edge detection methods were being substituted for the histogram-based color difference fuzzy cluster analysis (HCDFCM) to fast recognize the lane boundary. Although HCDFCM held faster and more precise features than traditional methods, the shadowy road interfered in the precision of lane boundary detection. In this paper, we use fuzzy inference system (FIS) to enhance the contrast of shadowy pixels, and find the similarity with the lane model to solve the fault of detection problem in the case of shadowy situation. For the sake of reducing computational times adaptively, the enhanced algorithm provides a scene for incorporating HCDFCM with shadow removing algorithm. If the lane center variation on the image plane is larger than a certain threshold initialized by HCDFCM, the adjustable scan region on image plane uses to reinforce the robustness of lane boundary detection. The proposed method developed a feasible way to detect the lane boundary with high quality and reduced computational times.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	13	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
A distributed collision-free routing system for multiple AGVs under disturbances	2005	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	In this study, we tackle the problem of routing multiple Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) with disturbances. In real life transportation environments, unexpected delays and demands may cause re-routings. A centralized controller may not work under these circumstances due to computational complexity and high number of combinations of routes. Thus, we propose a distributed routing method that can solve re-routing problem under several disturbances. Numerical results indicate that the effects of disturbances are reduced by increasing the total time of transportation and the proposed algorithm shows an advantage over a conventional method in most performance indices.  2005 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Distributed routing system,Motion delay disturbance,Rerouting
Application of fuzzy neural network based programming on the vehicle model Bulanik sinir aǧi tabanli programin araç modeline uygulanmasi	2005	Proceedings of the IEEE 13th Signal Processing and Communications Applications Conference, SIU 2005	In this study, the computer simulation of an automatic guided vehicle, which moves over a geometric track, carrying load in factory automation and warehouses is realized. Fuzzy Neural Network (FNN) is used for the track control of the vehicle. The track can be of desired length and geometric structure with constant width and dark color constraints. Using the values of three optical sensors as input to FNN, it was possible to move the vehicle on the desired track.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Turkey	1	Engineering (all)	None
Decentralized control of E'GV transportation systems	2005	Proceedings of the International Conference on Autonomous Agents	Egemin N.V. is a Belgian manufacturer of Automatic Guided Vehicles -named E'GVs- and control software for automating logistics services in warehouses and manufactories using E'GVs. In a joint R&D project, Egemin and the Agent Wise research group are developing an innovative version of the E'GVs control system aimed to cope with new and future system requirements such as flexibility and openness. In this project, we exploit principles and mechanisms known from situated multi-agent systems for modelling and implementing a decentralized control system. Instead of a centralistic approach, where one computer system is in charge of numerous complex and time-consuming tasks (such as routing, collision avoidance, deadlock avoidance, etc.), we aim to provide the E'GVs with a considerable amount of autonomy. This allows to obtain a system that is far more flexible than the current software - the E'GVs adapt themselves to the current situation in their direct vicinity, order assignment is dynamic, the system can cope with E'GVs leaving the system (e.g. for maintenance) or adding new E'GVs, and so on. In this paper, we describe the architecture that is employed for implementing the control of the E'GV system. The implementation of the control software seamlessly integrates with E'nsor, the low-level vehicle control system. We illustrate a concrete control scenario in which two E'GVs coordinate their behavior to avoid collisions. Copyright 2005 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	28	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicles,Situated multiagent systems
Fuzzy adaptive mechanism for improving the efficiency and precision of vision-based automatic guided vehicle control	2005	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	This paper proposes a vision-based automatic guided vehicle hybrid control system, which incorporated fuzzy adaptive mechanism with dynamic motion model, for improving the efficiency and precision of vehicle guidance trajectory. Vehicle is guiding along the lane center and keeps correct attitude. In this paper, vehicle's attitude is obtained from the turning angle of frant wheel (δ) which is derived by a vision-based vehicle dynamic behavior acquisition subsystem (WDBA) in our previous work. We define Δδ and threshold value in this paper. If Δδis under the threshold, vehicle is guided by dynamic motion model. Otherwise, the fuzzy inference system is used to handle the vehicle's speed, so that it can be moving smoothly and avoiding exceed out the lane boundary. The hybrid strategy was simulated by MATLAB in this paper, and it would obtain robust and precise tracking capabilities along any arbitrary lane. 2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Engineering (all)	Fuzzy Adaptive Mechanism,Lane detection,Vehicle Motion Dynamic Behavior Acquisition,Vision-based Automatic Guided Vehicle Control
Service-oriented architecture and technologies for automating integration of manufacturing systems and services	2005	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	Enterprise application integration (EAI) has been pursued strenuously by researchers and industrial practitioners for decades. With the advent of Web Services and Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA), realizing enterprise integration, even automating inter-enterprise interactions become feasible. Virtualization is the fundamental for implementing an SOA based on Web Service technologies. In this paper, we first review the Web Service-Resource Framework (WS-RF) with emphasis on the concepts of Web Services and stateful resource modeling. Then we outline a Service-Oriented architecture that shows how various types of manufacturing resources are virtualized as Web Services; what technologies are used in Web Services register, discovery and transport, and in business process automation. We adopt the WS-Resource approach, for illustration purpose, to virtualize a category of resource-Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV). Different projections are defined based on WS-Resource properties upon Virtualization so as to offer different perspectives to the same resources to meet a variety of business requirements.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	5	Engineering (all)	None
Architecture-centric development of an AGV transportation system	2005	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Architectural design plays a key role in software engineering. The software architecture is the backbone of the designed solution, it has the functional requirements of the system and satisfies the quality requirements. In our research, we put forward situated multiagent systems (situated MAS) as an approach to build distributed applications with demanding quality requirements such as flexibility and openness. In this paper we illustrate how we apply situated MAS to an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) transportation system. We discuss the high-level structure of the software architecture and explain how the architecture aims to meet important quality requirements.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2005.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Dynamic scheduling architecture for AGVS and machines in holonic manufacturing system with Petri Nets	2005	International Journal of Industrial Engineering : Theory Applications and Practice	A Holonic Manufacturing System (HMS) is a manufacturing system where key elements, such as machines, cells, factories, parts, products, operators and teams are modeled as 'holons' having autonomous and cooperative properties. In this paper, we develop an on-line scheduling method for Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs) and machines in HMS based on Petri Nets (PNs). We define holons for a given problem context and appropriate system architecture. Relevant holons are identified and their relationships are delineated through a novel modeling of the interactions among parts, machines, and AGVs based on the contract net protocol. A novel Petri Net model is developed for modeling the specifications of holons and coordination between them. We apply a distributed heuristic algorithm that combines dispatching rules of AGVs and machines and a modified version of Limited Expansion A Algorithm for online scheduling of AGVs and machines. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV),Holonic Manufacturing System (HMS),Petri Net (PN),Scheduliag
Dynamic transport scheduling under multiple resource constraints	2005	European Journal of Operational Research	This paper presents a heuristic for the dynamic vehicle scheduling problem with multiple resource capacity constraints. In the envisaged application, an automated transport system using Automated Guided Vehicles, bottleneck resources are (1) vehicles, (2) docks for loading/unloading, (3) vehicle parking places, and (4) load storage space. This problem is hard, because interrelated activities (loading, transportation, unloading) at several geographical locations have to be scheduled under multiple resource constraints, where the bottleneck resource varies over time. Besides, the method should be suitable for real-time planning. We developed a dedicated serial scheduling method and analyzed its dynamic behavior using discrete event simulation. We found that our method is very well able to find good vehicle schedules satisfying all resource constraints. For comparison, we used a simple approach where we left out the resource constraints and extended the processing times by statistically estimated waiting times to account for finite capacities. We found that our newly designed method finds better schedules in terms of service levels.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	16	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Heuristics,Scheduling,Simulation,Transportation
Status and visions of automated container terminals	2005	Proceedings of the International Offshore and Polar Engineering Conference	In this paper, we will introduce ACT(Automated Container Terminal) as an alternative plan which will keep and improve the competition of harbors by way of enhancing customer services and the productivity of container terminals. First of all, through the comparison between conventional container terminals and automated container terminals, we will present various characteristics which ACT possesses and worldwide state of development of ACT. Finally, we will introduce the Kwangyang ACT, which is being developed in Korea. Copyright  2005 by The International Society of Offshore and Polar Engineers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	2	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Ocean Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	Agv (automated guided vehicle),Automation,Container crane,Container terminal,RFID,Transfer crane
Diagnosability analysis based on T-Invariants of Petri Nets	2005	2005 IEEE Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC2005 - Proceedings	In this paper, we explore diagnosability analysis based on T-Invariants of Petri Nets. First, diagnosability of Petri nets is defined in terms of net structures. Then, we propose an algorithm for checking diagnosability of discrete event systems. We use the structure information of T-invariants of a system to do diagnosis, To check if a system is diagnosable or not, our approach is more efficient than state-enumeration methods. We give an automated guided vehicles(AGVs) system to illustrate the approach.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	24	Engineering (all)	Dignosability,Petri nets,T-invariant
Recent experiences on Kwangyang 3-2 Container Terminal Project	2005	Proceedings of the International Offshore and Polar Engineering Conference	The Kwangyang Container Terminal Project, building an automated container terminal, has been planned to provide a cost efficient process for the increasing quantities of goods transacted. Three berths for 50, 000 DWT container vessels, allowing 220,000 DWT in the supposed contingency, will be constructed within 30 months from contract date. Through value engineering and life cycle cost analysis, the hybrid slit and the slit caissons, as the most suitable option, have been selected from many quay wall structural types. The terminal will be equipped with a container handling system comprised of container crane (CC), automated transfer cranes (ATC) and automated guided vehicles (AGV). The system ensures the effective operation and rapid treatment of containers, minimizing the need for any additional manual labor. Copyright  2005 by The International Society of Offshore and Polar Engineers.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Energy Engineering and Power Technology,Ocean Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	AGV,ATC,Hybrid caisson
A SISO strategy to control an AGV	2005	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Industrial Technology	In this paper SISO iterative technique to control automated guided vehicles is presented. The proposed technique is restricted to stable SISO systems. Selected experimental results that demonstrate the feasibility the proposed solution are presented.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	2	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV control,Control system performance,Decoupled control,Differential drive,Iterative control,Line follower,SISO systems,System identification
Nonlinear control for urban vehicles platooning, relying upon a unique kinematic GPS	2005	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	In order to solve problems of traffic saturation in cities, new alternative "Urban Transportation Systems" are based on electric vehicles in free-access. One necessary functionality of such systems is their ability to move in a platoon fashion. Platooning of these automatic guided vehicles, relying on RTK-GPS sensors and inter-vehicles communication, is addressed in this paper. More precisely, vehicles platoon is expected to follow a curved reference path. Relying on nonlinear control theory, lateral and longitudinal control are fully decoupled, and therefore addressed independently. To ensure passengers comfort, additional monitoring functions supervise our control system. Then, simulations followed by experiments carried out with urban vehicles, are presented. 2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	20	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automatic guided vehicles,Mobile robots,Nonlinear control,Platooning,RTK GPS
Towards AGV safety and navigation advancement - Obstacle detection using a TOF range camera	2005	2005 International Conference on Advanced Robotics, ICAR '05, Proceedings	The performance evaluation of an obstacle detection and segmentation algorithm for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) navigation using a 3D real-time range camera is the subject of this paper. Our approach has been tested successfully on British safety standard recommended object sizes and materials placed on the vehicle path. The segmented (mapped) obstacles are then verified using absolute measurements obtained using a relatively accurate 2D scanning laser rangefinder. Sensor mounting and sensor modulation issues will also be described through representative data sets.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	13	Engineering (all)	3d range camera,Ground truth,Obstacle segmentation,Real-time,Safety standard
Decentralised autonomic computing: Analysing self-organising emergent behaviour using advanced numerical methods	2005	Proceedings - Second International Conference on Autonomic Computing, ICAC 2005	When designing decentralised autonomic computing systems, a fundamental engineering issue is to assess systemwide behaviour. Such decentralised systems are characterised by the lack of global control, typically consist of autonomous cooperating entities, and often rely on self-organised emergent behaviour to achieve the requirements. A well-founded and practically feasible approach to study overall system behaviour is a prerequisite for successful deployment. On one hand, formal proofs of correct behaviour and even predictions of the exact systemwide behaviour are practically infeasible due to the complex, dynamic, and often non-deterministic nature of self-organising emergent systems. On the other hand, simple simulations give no convincing arguments for guaranteeing system-wide properties. We describe an alternative approach that allows to analyse and assess trends in system-wide behaviour, based on so-called "equation-free" macroscopic analysis. This technique yields more reliable results about the system-wide behaviour, compared to mere observation of simulation results, at an affordable computational cost. Numerical algorithms act at the system-wide level and steer the simulations. This allows to limit the amount of simulations considerably. We illustrate the approach by studying a particular system-wide property of a decentralised control system for Automated Guided Vehicles and we outline a road map towards a general methodology for studying decentralised autonomic computing systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	24	Engineering (all)	None
Multi-objective evolutionary fuzzy modeling for the docking maneuver of an automated guided vehicle	2005	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	In many real-world applications, mobile robots require interacting with objects in their environments by means of performing docking tasks in a precise manner. In the application domain of this work, an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV), specifically, a fork-lift truck must often perform docking maneuvers to load pallets in conveyor belts. The main purpose is to improve some features of docking task as its duration, accuracy and stability. We propose a soft computing technique based on a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm in order to find multiples fuzzy logic controllers which optimize specific objectives and satisfy imposed constraints for docking task in charge of following up an online generated trajectory.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Spain	2	Engineering (all)	Constraint optimization,Fuzzy control,Mobile robots,Multi-objective evolutionary algorithms,Path following,Path tracking
Research on process planning based on production line simulation	2005	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	In order to satisfy the requirements on closer integration of process planning and production, the idea of virtual integration platform of production line simulation was put forward based on analysis of production line, thus optimized process could be achieved by concurrent planning of process and production line. Process planning frame and man-hour planning method in integration platform were discussed in detail. Finally, an application example indicated that the production line simulation was supplementary to process planning.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Man-hour planning,Process planning,Production line simulation
Genetic algorithms to schedule trailer transfers at container terminals based on eM-Plant	2005	Journal of Computational Information Systems	The Chromosomes are coded to show the job sequence of containers. The adaptive coefficients and weights for multi-objective optimization are introduced to solve the scheduling problem of trailers. The model of scheduling trailers is established using eM-Plant. A scenario is simulated using genetic algorithm in order to minimize the delay time of container transports and the maximize queues of trailers for quay cranes and yard cranes. At last the work sequences of containers are presented. Furthermore, the work sequences of trailers can be obtained from the work sequence set of containers, and the scheduling of trailers can be realized at container terminals.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Information Systems,Computer Science Applications	Adaptive coefficient,Genetic algorithm,Multi-objective optimization,Scheduling,Trailer,Weight
Adaptive control for a holonomic and omni directional automated guided vehicle	2005	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	Recently, omni directional mobile robots with holonomic property have been studied. One type of the mobile robots can move for all directions with special structure such that omni-wheel. However the wheel has some problems. These problems are very weakness when the robot is used the AGV in many factories such that assembly car plant. For the reason, steered type wheels are proposed over the past decade. The type enables two degree of freedom (2DOF) motions in the two dimensional plain which has conventional tires with a steered wheel. The some parameters in AGV, however, are unable to measure and we can not decide the parameters in design the control system. Therefore, we propose an adaptive control for a holonomic and omnidirectional AGV which has the two active dual-wheel caster assemblies in this paper.  2005 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Adaptive control,Holonomic,Omnidirectional AGV
Speech and sensor in guiding an electric wheelchair	2005	2005 ICSC Congress on Computational Intelligence Methods and Applications	Many people with disabilities do not have the dexterity necessary to control a joystick on an electric wheelchair. Moreover, they have difficulty to avoid obstacles. The aim of this work is to implement a multi-modal system to control the movement of an Electric wheelchair using small vocabulary word recognition system and a set of sensors to detect and avoid obstacles. The methodology adopted is based on grouping a microcontroller with a speech recognition development kit for isolated word from a dependent speaker and the set of sensors. The resulting design is used to control a wheelchair for a handicapped person based on the vocal command. In order to gain in time design, tests have shown that it would be better to choose a speech recognition kit and to adapt it to the application. The input of the system is a set of ten words used to control the movement of an AGV (automated guided vehicle) and information on the environment given by the sensors; the output is a corresponding command avoiding obstacles and planning collision-free paths. The system is developed in order to be installed on the wheelchair. Therefore it should be easy to carry, no bulky, with low power consumption, and easy in operation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Algeria	2	Engineering (all)	None
Designing dynamic path guidance system based on electronic maps by using Q-learning	2005	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Shortest path problem from one origin node to one destination node in non-FIFO (First In First Out) dynamic networks is an unsolved hard problem in dynamic path guidance system. A new approach based on Q-learning is adopted to solve the problem based on electronic maps in this paper. The approach uses geographical information on electronic maps to define Q-learning's value function. Q-learning algorithm's strategy train learning method and training process on path searching are presented. Finally based on Guangzhou City's electronic map, we randomly generate a dynamic network containing 20000 nodes, 40000 links and 144 time intervals, which do not satisfy FIFO to test the approach proposed in this paper. The approach is implemented with this dynamic network and its computational performance is analyzed experimentally. The experimental results prove the effectiveness of the approach.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	GIS,Reinforcement learning,Shortest path problem
Middleware for protocol-based coordination in dynamic networks	2005	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	Pervasive and ad hoc computing applications are frequently deployed in dynamic networks. Due to mobility of the computing nodes, their unreliability, or a limited communication range, at any time a node may enter or leave an interaction between a group of application components. Middleware approaches have been proposed to deal with these dynamics, by supporting the dissemination (or gathering) of information in dynamic networks. In our experience however, applications frequently need to execute a complete protocol to coordinate. Existing middleware can then be used as a discovery mechanism, but offers no support for handling the protocol itself. This paper presents a middleware model that enables an easier implementation of distributed protocols that need to take into account the continuously changing context in the dynamic network. It uses roles as a first order abstraction, handles the distributed instantiation of roles in an interaction session, and maintains the session as nodes in the mobile network move. We describe our experience with applying the middleware in a case study on a system of automatic guided vehicles. Copyright 2005 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	2	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	coordination,middleware,mobile networks,roles
Intelligent complexity in networked infrastructures	2005	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Our present-day infrastructures are complex systems that are getting more and more interconnected. Society heavily depends on their functioning, which is threatened by everyday overload, accidental failures and intended attacks. Therefore, a thorough understanding of how infrastructures should be designed and managed is crucial. Two sub-programmes of the Next Generation Infrastructures research programme look into the ways in which the systems' complexity can intelligently be mastered, using models and methods from complex adaptive systems theory. Four types of complexity are distinguished in infrastructures, according to the level of interaction between the subsystems. In addition, four basic types of control can be identified, depending on the way the agents in the system cooperate.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	13	Engineering (all)	Complexity,Control,Design,Infrastructures,Intelligence,Operation and management
Automatic pallet engagment by a vision guided forklift	2005	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	This paper presents a vision-guided control method called mobile camera-space manipulation (MCSM) that enables a robotic forklift vehicle to engage pallets based on a pallet's actual current location by using feedback from vision sensors that are part of the robotic forklift. MCSM is capable of high precision mobile manipulation control without relying on strict camera calibration. The paper contains development of the method as well as experimental results with a forklift prototype in actual pallet engagement tasks. The technology could be added to AGV (automatically guided vehicle) systems enabling them to engage arbitrarily located pallets. It also could be added to standard forklifts as an operator assist capability. 2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	25	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Forklift,Machine vision,Mobile manipulator,Visual guidance
Coordination middleware for decentralized applications in dynamic networks	2005	ACM International Conference Proceeding Series	The Ph.D. work presented in this paper describes novel middleware abstractions for the support of decentralized applications in dynamic networks. Decentralized applications are characterized by the absence of an application component that has global control; a network is dynamic if its composition changes frequently and unexpectedly over time. In such a domain, application components are necessarily spread over the network nodes and need to coordinate among each other to achieve the application's functionality. The goal of the Ph.D. research is to support this coordination by suitable middleware abstractions. We describe two prototypes that were built with this goal in mind. First, a middleware supporting views, abstractions for representing and maintaining context information in a mobile ad hoc network is presented. A second middleware, that enables protocol-based interaction in mobile networks by supporting roles as a first order abstraction, is described. The application of this second middleware in a real world case study of automatic guided vehicle control is presented, showing its usefulness. Ongoing and further research in this area is discussed. Copyright 2005 ACM.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	0	Software,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Networks and Communications	coordination,middleware,mobile networks,roles
Analysis of applicability of innovative systems for transport of marine containers	2005	46th Annual Transportation Research Forum 2005	New Jersey ports have been experiencing tremendous growth in container volumes in recent years and it is anticipated that this trend will continue in the future. This presents a serious challenge for the transportation network supporting the traffic related to port facilities'operations. Currently most of the containers (around 90%) are transported to and from the port by trucks, while approximately 10% of containers are handled by rail. The projected growth in container traffic along with the expected growth of commuter traffic in the region will cause a significant increase in congestion which will ultimately completely deteriorate performance of the regional transportation system as well as the performance of the transportation network around the port and within the port terminals. In this situation, the port authority and port operators are seeking innovative ways to improve land access to and from New Jersey's principal port terminals. One way to do so is to apply new, innovative transportation systems as an alternative to existing rail and highway modes. The research presented in this paper had three main objectives: to identify and describe innovative technologies that can be used to transport marine containers, to develop a methodological framework for evaluation and comparison of the innovative technologies, and to apply the evaluation framework and test feasibility and applicability of selected innovative technologies using case studies in New Jersey. Once the technologies have been reviewed and the most promising ones selected for further consideration, the multicriteria evaluation and decision making model has been developed that allows for the analysis and evaluation of alternative technologies over multiple objectives using different decision criteria. The methodology considers direct financial effects as well as external effects such as pollution, reduction in congestion, landuse disruption, socio-economic effects, andimpacts on transportation system performance. The case studies were developed in order to test the applicability of proposed methodology and feasibility of implementing alternative technologies in the New Jersey port region. The analysis showed that some of the innovative technologies are very competitive with existing rail and truck service, and even perform better, especially in case of increased container demand.  (2005) by the Transportation Research Forum All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research,Automotive Engineering,Transportation	None
Intelligent Infrastructures - The first step towards Next Generation Infrastructure Systems	2005	2005 IEEE Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC2005 - Proceedings	The intelligent infrastructures research program aims at developing theory and applications concerning novel modes for control and management of the utilization of existing Infrastructures. The development of the next generation infrastructures that create more inherent flexibility will take up a lot of time. Therefore, on the shorter-term the challenge is to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the existing infrastructure by new modes of operation. We propose to develop a formal framework for modeling and control of infrastructures containing multiple subsystems (more or less autonomous intelligent agents) with different goals in relation to the desired overall behavior of the total system and with different operation regimes.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	4	Engineering (all)	Intelligent Infrastructures,Multi-agent Systems,System Thinking
Object-transportation control of cooperative AGV systems based on virtual-passivity decentralized control	2005	Proceedings of the Eighth IASTED International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Control, ISC 2005	AGV in the factory has an important role to advance the flexible manufacturing system. In this paper, we propose a novel object-transportation control algorithm of cooperative AGV systems to apply decentralized control to multiple AGV systems. The application of proposed virtual passivity-based decentralized control method via system augmentation is applied to trace a circle. Also, the simulation and experimental results for the object-transportation by two AGV systems illustrate the validity of the proposed virtual-passivity decentralized control method.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Engineering (all)	Automatic guided vehicle (AGV),Decentralized control,Passive velocity field control,Passivity
A robust fuzzy logic path tracker for non-holonomic mobile robots	2005	International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools	In this paper the path tracking problem for non-holonomic mobile robots is dealt with. The model used is known as the Dubins Car model. A robust fuzzy logic controller that steers the car to the appropriate direction is proposed. A technique called "spatial window technique" which greatly increases the overall performance of the control scheme is also introduced. The simulations of this scheme show that the path following problem is treated very adequately and the noise tolerance of the overall system is high.  World Scientific Publishing Company.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Greece	14	Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy logic,Non-holonomic robots,Path tracking
Generating scenarios for simulation and optimization of container terminal logistics	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	This paper introduces an approach for generating scenarios of sea port container terminals. The scenarios can be used as input data for simulation models. Furthermore, they can be employed as test data for algorithms to solve optimization problems in container terminal logistics such as berth planning and crane scheduling. A scenario consists of arrivals of deep sea vessels, feeder ships, trains, and trucks together with lists of containers to be loaded and unloaded. Moreover, container attributes such as size, empty, reefer, weight, and destination are included. The generator is based on a large number of parameters that allow the user to produce realistic scenarios of any size. The purpose of this paper is to outline the parameters that are important to produce realistic scenarios of high practical relevance and to propose an algorithm that computes scenarios on the basis of these parameters. The generator discussed here has been developed within the simulation project at the HHLA Container-Terminal Altenwerder in Hamburg, Germany. Nevertheless, its structure is general enough to be applied to any other terminal as well.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	1	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Container logistics,Container terminal,Scenario generator,Simulation
Models and methods for operations in port container terminals	2005	Logistics Systems: Design and Optimization	Because container vessels spend a large portion of transportation time in ports, it is essential to improve the productivity of various handling activities in port container terminals. Also, because port construction requires a large amount of investment, it is important to efficiently utilize the internal resources of container terminals. This chapter introduces various operations in container terminals and decision-making problems that require support by scientific methods. Models and methods in previous researches are reviewed and classified according to their characteristics.  2005 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	South Korea	15	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
A Petri net-based deadlock control policy for flexible assembly systems	2005	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	This paper presents a Petri net-based method for deadlock control in flexible assembly systems (FAS). Instead of a process-oriented modeling method, a resource-oriented Petri net modeling method is used. A new control policy is thus formulated and proved to outperform the existing one in the literature. The deadlock problem in FAS is often more difficult since deadlock can arise from improper base component flow and part flow, as well as ill-synchronized assembly operations. Copyright  2005 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Control and Systems Engineering	And modeling and analysis,Assembly system,Deadlock avoidance,Petri net
A layered goal-oriented fuzzy motion planning strategy for mobile robot navigation	2005	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Part B: Cybernetics	Most conventional motion planning algorithms that are based on the model of the environment cannot perform well when dealing with the navigation problem for real-world mobile robots where the environment is unknown and can change dynamically. In this paper, a layered goal-oriented motion planning strategy using fuzzy logic is developed for a mobile robot navigating in an unknown environment. The information about the global goal and the long-range sensory data are used by the first layer of the planner to produce an intermediate goal, referred to as the way-point, that gives a favorable direction in terms of seeking the goal within the detected area. The second layer of the planner takes this way-point as a subgoal and, using short-range sensory data, guides the robot to reach the subgoal while avoiding collisions. The resulting path, connecting an initial point to a goal position, is similar to the path produced by the visibility graph motion planning method, but in this approach there is no assumption about the environment. Due to its simplicity and capability for real-time implementation, fuzzy logic has been used for the proposed motion planning strategy. The resulting navigation system is implemented on a real mobile robot, Koala, and tested in various environments. Experimental results are presented which demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed fuzzy navigation system.  2005 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	95	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Autonomous navigation,Fuzzy logic,Mobile robot,Motion planning
Multi-agent scheduling in a warehouse	2005	Proceedings of the SICE Annual Conference	In this paper, we address the final stage of a multiphase approach for solving the picking problem in a warehouse environment. Given a number of agents, each with its own set of picking sequences (trips or routes) to accomplish, we formulate a model for the dispatching problem and show that it has a non-polynomial complexity with respect to the number of agents and number of routes. We then propose an effective simulation-based scheduling procedure to solve the problem with the aim of reducing agent interactions such as collisions or queues. We simulate a real warehouse environment and show that the said dispatching procedure is able to keep delays caused by collisions and queues significantly low, and that it makes large improvements over the case when no dispatching policy is applied to the agents.  2005 SICE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dispatching,Multiple agents,Planner,Scheduler,Warehouse automation,Warehouse scheduling
ITS: Beyond designing the technology	2005	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	In the real-world implementation of ITS a lot of non-technical issues come up. Several existing theories to deal with this fail to take all relevant elements into account. By conceptualizing ITS as socio-technical systems (intentional) actors and (normative) social elements are included. In order to deal with these new elements and relations, concepts as designing, modeling and successful design should be perceived differently in order to deal properly with ITS in society.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	0	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
A simulation-optimization approach for vehicle control in automated semiconductor manufacturing	2005	International Mediterranean Modeling Multiconference, I3M 2005, European Modeling Simulation Symposium, EMSS 2005	This paper focuses on the analysis of transport strategies in Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHS) for the semiconductor industry. A difference against previous work is that our approach takes into account the unified nature of inter-bay and intra-bay load transport operations that, in the past, have limited the practical usefulness of the results provided. In a unified AMHS, vehicles can exit their predefined loops and travel along the whole network path to deliver loads directly from one machine to another machine without passing by intermediate storage. Since the number of vehicles is limited, an intelligent strategy has to be implemented in order to distribute them so as to optimally satisfy transport requests during the production horizon. The problem is addressed by means of a hybrid simulationoptimization approach. The distribution of vehicles is addressed using integer linear programming, and the solution is implemented on a detailed simulation model of the semiconductor factory in order to analyze factory dynamics. The detailed simulation model carried out for this research work showed some interesting and unpredictable evidences. The most important result is, for instance, that under some conditions, the good results achieved for a specific vehicle-dispatching rule might keep from achieving the same performance if some parameters in the system are modified.  2005 Frydman, LSIS.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	1	Modeling and Simulation	Automated transport,Modeling,Optimization,Semiconductor manufacturing,Simulation,Vehicle management
Some studies on camera calibration and image processing for mobile robot navigation	2005	Proceedings of the 2nd Indian International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IICAI 2005	Camera calibration and image processing, two important issues of mobile robot navigation, are studied in the present work. Image of an object is captured by using a CCD camera and stored in the computer memory with the help of a vision board. Three image processing algorithms such as median filtering, thresholding, and edge detection are applied to analyze the image. The optimal camera parameters and threshold value are determined optimized by using a genetic algorithm to minimize the distorted image plane error (DIPE). A case study is shown. Copyright  IICAI 2005.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	1	Artificial Intelligence	None
Experimental evaluation of a cooperative algorithm for autonomous distributed vehicles systems considered with finite buffer capacity	2005	IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, ETFA	Recently, there are so many researches on Autonomous Distributed Manufacturing Systems(ADMSs), where cooperation among agents is used to solve problems, such as scheduling problem and routing problem. We target ADMSs where an ADMS consists of two sub-systems: a Production System(PS) and an Autonomous Transportation System(ATS). This paper discusses an on-line Tasks Assignment and Routing Problem(TARP) for ATSs under conditions of given production schedule and finite buffer capacity. The TARP results in a constrained version of a Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows(PDPTW). In our previous work, a mathematical formulation of the problem was given, and a cooperative algorithm to obtain sub-optimal routes while avoiding deadlocks and buffer over-flows was proposed. In this paper, by computational experiments, we will examine the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. Computational experiments show that the proposed algorithm can make efficient and deadlockfree routes even though the buffer capacity is less.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	0	Engineering (all)	None
A general framework for scheduling equipment and manpower at container terminals	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	In this paper, we propose a general model for various scheduling problems that occur in container terminal logistics. The scheduling model consists of the assignment of jobs to resources and the temporal arrangement of the jobs subject to precedence constraints and sequence-dependent setup times. We demonstrate how the model can be applied to solve several different real-world problems from container terminals in the port of Hamburg (Germany).We consider scheduling problems for straddle carriers, automated guided vehicles (AGVs), stacking cranes, and workers who handle reefer containers. Subsequently, we discuss priority rule based heuristics as well as a genetic algorithm for the general model. Based on a tailored generator for experimental data, we examine the performance of the heuristics in a computational study. We obtain promising results that suggest that the genetic algorithm is well suited for application in practice.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	10	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Container logistics,Container terminal,Genetic algorithm,Heuristics,Optimization,Scheduling
A controller to avoid both occlusions and obstacles during a vision-based navigation task in a cluttered environment	2005	Proceedings of the 44th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control, and the European Control Conference, CDC-ECC '05	This paper presents a sensor-based controller allowing to visually drive a mobile robot towards a target while avoiding visual features occlusions and obstacle collisions. We consider the model of a cart-like robot equipped with proximetric sensors and a camera mounted on a pan-platform. The proposed method relies on the continuous switch between three controllers realizing respectively the nominal vision-based task, the obstacle bypassing and the occlusion avoidance. Simulation results are given at the end of the paper.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	18	Engineering (all)	None
Container terminal operation and operations research - A classification and literature review	2005	Container Terminals and Automated Transport Systems: Logistics Control Issues and Quantitative Decision Support	In the last four decades the container as an essential part of a unitload-concept has achieved undoubted importance in international sea freight transportation. With ever increasing containerization the number of seaport container terminals and competition among them have become quite remarkable. Operations are nowadays unthinkable without effective and efficient use of information technology as well as appropriate optimization (operations research) methods. In this paper we describe and classify the main logistics processes and operations in container terminals and present a survey of methods for their optimization.  2005 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	41	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	Container terminal,Heuristics,Logistics,Optimization,Planning,Simulation
Scheduling policies in an assembly environment with earliness and tardiness	2005	26th Annual National Conference of the American Society for Engineering Management 2005 - Organizational Transformation: Opportunities and Challenges, ASEM 2005	Dynamic assembly flow shop problems are among the most difficult scheduling problems in which precedence relations among operations of the same job as well as precedence relations among different jobs must be considered. Optimal solutions are difficult to obtain; therefore, dispatching rules have been used to solve this problem. Most research however, considered regular measures of performance. In this work, earliness and tardiness, a non-regular measure, will be used to model a Just in Time (JIT) environment. A discrete-event simulation model is developed to evaluate two popular dispatching rules.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management	None
Requirements for domain specific discrete event simulation environments	2005	Proceedings - Winter Simulation Conference	Domain specific discrete event simulation environments are supposed to enable faster and easier model development and experimentation. Unfortunately, perceived disadvantages from simulation experts hinder the wide application of this technology. We have performed laboratory experiments and simulation studies in two different domains to learn what the difficulty of domain specific simulation environments is. The lessons that we learned from these experiments and simulation studies enabled us to formulate requirements for domain specific simulation environments, for the model constructs in these environments, for the design of these environments and for guidelines for the use of these environments in simulation studies.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Netherlands	17	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	None
Study on the kernel-based FMS scheduling	2005	2005 IEEE Networking, Sensing and Control, ICNSC2005 - Proceedings	This study aims to investigate the scheduling performance for the flexible manufacturing system (FMS) based on two advanced attribute extraction methods. One is the kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) and the other is the generalized discriminant analysis (GDA). By using nonlinear mapping functions, both methods first map the attributes from the input space into higher dimensional feature space where the PCA and linear discriminant analysis (LDA) are performed to find the eigenvectors associated with the largest eigenvalues and the optimal transform matrix, respectively. The nonlinear mapping operation is done by using the kernel function which performs the inner dot product of input vectors in the input space. With such a manner, the input attributes are transformed into reduced dimensional features that have powerful discriminabilities in classifying various dispatching rules. Also, the task of the attribute selection is automatically done. Experimental results indicate that the KPCA and GDA are able to achieve better scheduling performance for a FMS under several predefined conditions such as different part ratios and part routes.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	0	Engineering (all)	Dispatching,Dynamic scheduling,Flexible manufacturing system (FMS),Generalized discriminant analysis (GDA),Kernel principal component analysis (KPCA)
Dynamic scheduling of flexible manufacturing system using support vector machines	2005	Proceedings of the 2005 IEEE Conference on Automation Science and Engineering, IEEE-CASE 2005	A flexible manufacturing system (FMS) needs a powerful scheduler to assign dispatching rules dynamically for achieving good performance. A scheduler should possess high generalization ability to tackle unpredictable conditions such as different part types, part mix ratios, and job arrivals. This paper presents a support vector scheduler, which is based on the support vector machine (SVM), to achieve the goal of dynamical scheduling. SVM is superior to other traditional learning machines such as multilayer neural networks for the FMS scheduling because it possesses better generalization performance. To justify the simulation results, the well-known FMS model and physical layout widely used in the FMS scheduling are employed in this paper. Using support vector scheduler combined with the kernel of radial basis function (RBF), simulation results show that the throughput performance is better than the one using static dispatching rules. In addition, the design process of the SVM-based scheduler for the FMS model was accomplished in a very short time. Therefore, it can be fast implemented for other different FMSs to achieve the optimal performance.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	6	Engineering (all)	Dispatching,Dynamic scheduling,Flexible manufacturing system,Radial basis function (RBF),Support vector machine (SVM)
Distributed route planning for multiple mobile robots using an augmented Lagrangian decomposition and coordination technique	2005	IEEE Transactions on Robotics	To enable efficient transportation in semiconductor fabrication bays, it is necessary to generate route planning of multiple automated guided vehicles (AGVs) efficiently to minimize the total transportation time without collision among AGVs. In this paper, we propose a distributed route-planning method for multiple mobile robots using an augmented Lagrangian decomposition and coordination technique. The proposed method features a characteristic that each AGV individually creates a near-optimal routing plan through repetitive data exchange among the AGVs and local optimization for each AGV. Dijkstra's algorithm is used for local optimization. The optimality of the solution generated by the proposed method is evaluated by comparing the solution with an optimal solution derived by solving integer linear programming problems. A near-optimal solution, within 3% of the average gap from the optimal solution for an example transportation system consisting of 143 nodes and 14 AGVs, can be derived in less than 5 s of computation time for 100 types of requests. The proposed method is implemented in an experimental system with three AGVs, and the routing plan is derived in the configuration space, taking the motion of the robot into account. It is experimentally demonstrated that the proposed method is effective for various problems, despite the fact that each route for an AGV is created without minimizing the entire objective function.  2005 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	42	Control and Systems Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Distributed autonomous robotics systems,Lagrangian decomposition and coordination,Multiple mobile robots,Route planning,Semiconductor fabrication bays
Shortest path problems with resource constraints	2005	Column Generation	In most vehicle routing and crew scheduling applications solved by column generation, the subproblem corresponds to a shortest path problem with resource constraints (SPPRC) or one of its variants. This chapter proposes a classification and a generic formulation for the SPPRCs, briefly discusses complex modeling issues involving resources, and presents the most commonly used SPPRC solution methods. First and foremost, it provides a comprehensive survey on the subject.  2005 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc.	Book	b	ch	Chapter	Germany	273	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all)	None
GPS and Kalman Filter integration for application in autonomous vehicles	2005	Proceedings of the IASTED International Conference on Modelling and Simulation	In this paper a methodology for integration of a Kalman Filter and a Global Positioning System (GPS) is presented to estimate the position of an autonomous vehicle. To further improve the estimation of the position given by the integration of the GPS and the Kalman Filter, a fuzzy system (Kalman Fuzzy Tuner) is designed which notably reduce the RMSE of the position coordinates, i.e., latitude, altitude and longitude. Using experimental characterization of the position and error of the GPS and the equations of the Kalman filter, simulations are carried out to test the feasibility of the proposed integration. Simulation results showed better performance of KF-GPS with the Kalman Fuzzy Tuner.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Mexico	0	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Computer Science Applications	Automated Guided Vehicles,Fuzzy Tuner,GPS,Kalman Filter
Frequency shift for position estimation in mobile robots	2005	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	The ability of a robot to estimate its location in the environment is crucial for variety of tasks. Several approaches have been developed offering either low cost solutions with low accuracy or high accuracy solutions at high cost. This paper presents a displacement sensor, for mobile robots, which exploits the frequency shift caused to a signal due to the robot's motion. This method offers a low cost solution combined with higher accuracy than other approaches of similar cost. The achieved accuracy level in combination with the relatively low power consumption and weight make this sensor a reasonable choice for mobile robotics applications.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Engineering (all)	Dead reckoning,Frequency shift,Localization,Microwave,Path integration,Sensor
The fuzzy navigator with a local minima solver for real-time self-reaction of a mobile robot in Flexible Manufacturing Cell/System (FMC/FMS)	2005	Conference Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	This paper presents a novel two-layer fuzzy-navigator that incorporates sensing, control and planning to guide real-time self-reaction of a mobile robot in FMC/FMS. It can identify and solve the local minima problem during the robot's movement, which mimic the way that a human might understand his trapped state by recollecting some of similar experiences he had experienced before. The first-layer-controller does the regular navigation, while the remembrance is provided by the second-layer local- minima-solver, which can also analyze the information of sensor readings, impart an understanding of the robot's local environment and correlate the same with human heuristic experiences of a similar environment. The robot's local environment is identified in terms of fuzzy-rule, sensor- information and landmark-weight-vector. When the robot reaches a dangerous landmark-weigh-value during movement, it understands its entanglement in a loop and takes suitable actions to pull the robot out of its trap. The simulation results prove the validity of the proposed method.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Engineering (all)	Fuzzy logic,Local minima,Mobile robot,Navigation,Path planning
Intelligent Distributed Fuzzy Logic Control System (IDFLCS) of a mecanum wheeled autonomous guided vehicle	2005	IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Automation, ICMA 2005	A truly autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) must sense its surrounding environment and react accordingly. In order to manoeuvre an AGV autonomously, it has to overcome navigational and collision avoidance problems. Previous AGV control systems have relied on hand-coded algorithms for processing sensor information. An intelligent distributed fuzzy logic control systems (IDFLCS) has been implemented in a mecanum wheeled AGV system in order to achieve improved reliability and to reduce complexity of the development of control systems. Fuzzy logic controllers have been used to achieve robust control of mechatronic systems by fusing multiple signals from noisy sensors, integrating the representation of human knowledge and implementing behaviour-based control using IF-THEN rules. This paper presents an intelligent distributed controller that implements fuzzy logic on an AGV that uses four independently driven mecanum wheels, incorporating laser, inertial and ultrasound sensors. Distributed control system, fuzzy control strategy, navigation and motion control of such an AGV are presented.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Africa	6	Engineering (all)	Autonomous guided vehicle (AGV),Distributed control,Fuzzy logic,Inertial navigation,Mecanum wheel
Precision stopping control of automated bus with pneumatic brake system	2005	IEEE/ASME International Conference on Advanced Intelligent Mechatronics, AIM	Precision stopping is an important automated vehicle control function that is critical in applications such as precision bus docking and automated truck or bus fuelling. Such applications require specific attention to brake control since the characteristics of a typical pneumatic brake system of a heavy vehicle is inherently nonlinear with large uncertainties. This paper describes the precision stopping problem, details the Indirect Adaptive Robust Control (IARC) design for a bus with pneumatic brake system, and reports the successful implementation of a bus precision docking demonstration.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Experiments toward non-contact safety standards for automated industrial vehicles	2005	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	The performance evaluation of an obstacle detection and segmentation algorithm for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) navigation in factory-like environments using a new 3D real-time range camera is the subject of this paper. Our approach expands on the US ASME B56-5 Safety Standard, which now allows for non-contact safety sensors, by performing tests on objects specifically sized in both the US and the British Safety Standards. These successful tests placed the recommended, as well as smaller, material-covered and sized objects on the vehicle path for static measurement. The segmented (mapped) obstacles were then verified in range to the objects and object size using simultaneous, absolute measurements obtained using a relatively accurate 2D scanning laser rangefinder. These 3D range cameras are expected to be relatively inexpensive and used indoors and possibly used outdoors for a vast amount of mobile robot applications building on experimental results explained in this paper.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	2	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	3D range camera,Automated guided vehicle,Ground truth,Obstacle segmentation,Real-time,Safety standard
Route planning for automated guided vehicles in a manufacturing facility	2005	International Journal of Production Research	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are widely used in manufacturing and transporting facilities for the movement of material from one location to another. Research in this area is directed toward the development of a path layout design and routing algorithms for movements of materials. The problem is to design a path layout and a routing algorithm that will route the AGVs along the bi-directional path so that the distance travelled will be minimized. This paper presents a bi-directional path flow layout and a routing algorithm that guarantee conflict-free, shortest-time routes for AGVs. Based on the path layout, a routing algorithm and sufficient, but necessary, conditions, mathematical relationships are developed among certain key parameters of vehicle and path. A high degree of concurrency is achieved in vehicle movement. Routing efficiency is analysed in terms of the distance travelled and the time required for AGVs to complete all pickup and drop-off jobs. Numerical results are presented to compare the performance of the proposed model. The research provides the foundation for a bi-directional path layout design and routing algorithms that will aid the designer to develop complicated path layouts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	19	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Conflict-free routing,Route planning
Microcontroller based system for 2D localisation	2005	Mechatronics	In this paper a new system for the 2D localisation of moving objects is presented. Particularly, the system is useful for mobile robot navigation in industrial, service or research applications. The system combines laser and radiofrequency technology to determine object or robot position and orientation. The system is robust, simple and inexpensive, and compensates for the effect of the object or robot movement in the localisation algorithm.  2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Spain	9	Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Moving object localisation,Triangulation,Vehicle localisation
A generalized real-time obstacle avoidance method without the cspace calculation	2005	Journal of Computer Science and Technology	An important concept proposed in the early stage of robot path planning field is the shrinking of a robot to a point and meanwhile the expanding of obstacles in the workspace as a set of new obstacles. The resulting grown obstacles are called the Configuration Space (Cspace) obstacles. The find-path problem is then transformed into that of finding a collision-free path for a point robot among the Cspace obstacles. However, the research experiences have shown that the Cspace transformation is very hard when the following situations occur: 1) both the robot and obstacles are not polygons, and 2) the robot is allowed to rotate. This situation gets even worse when the robot and obstacles are three dimensional (3D) objects with various shapes. For this reason, direct path planning approaches without the Cspace transformation is quite useful and expected. Motivated by the practical requirements of robot path planning, a generalized constrained optimization problem (GCOP) with not only logic AND but also logic OR relationships was proposed and a mathematical solution developed previously. This paper inherits the fundamental ideas of inequality and optimization techniques from the previous work, converts the obstacle avoidance problem into a semi-infinite constrained optimization problem with the help of the mathematical transformation, and proposes a direct path planning approach without Cspace calculation, which is quite different from traditional methods. To show its merits, simulation results in 3D space have been presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	5	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Hardware and Architecture,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics	Autonomous underwater vehicle,Non-linear programming,Obstacle avoidance,Path planning,Robotics,Semi-infinite constrained optimization
Evaluating software quality attributes of communication components in an automated guided vehicle system	2005	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Engineering of Complex Computer Systems, ICECCS	The architecture of a large complex software system, i.e., the division of the system into components and modules, is crucial since it often affects and limits the quality attributes of the system, e.g., performance and maintainability. In this paper we evaluate three software components for intra- and inter-process communication in a distributed real-time system, i.e., an automated guided vehicle system. We evaluate three quality attributes: performance, maintainability, and portability. The performance and maintainability are evaluated quantitatively using prototype-based evaluation, while the portability is evaluated qualitatively. Our findings indicate that it might be possible to use one third-party component for both intra- and inter-process communication, thus replacing two inhouse developed components.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Sweden	1	Hardware and Architecture,Computer Networks and Communications	None
A shortest-path algorithm for solving the fleet management problem in underground mines	2005	European Journal of Operational Research	This paper describes the problem of managing a fleet of load-haul-dump (LHD) vehicles in an underground mine. The problem consists of dispatching, routing and scheduling vehicles whenever they need to be assigned to a new task. The solution approach is based on a shortest-path algorithm. Each decision takes into account the current status of the mine, the current traffic on all single-lane bi-directional road segments of the haulage network and operational constraints such as the fact that, while LHD vehicles move in forward or reverse modes, their bucket must be in dumping/loading position at destination.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	26	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Dispatching,Fleet management,Routing,Scheduling,Underground mining
Optimal controller design of Kalman-filtering in visual navigation for automatic guided vehicle	2005	Tianjin Daxue Xuebao (Ziran Kexue yu Gongcheng Jishu Ban)/Journal of Tianjin University Science and Technology	In order to solve the problem of accuracy control of automatic guided vehicle (AGV) equipped with visual navigation system, the vision-based continuous state equation was turned into a discrete state equation to obtain distance deviation and angular deviation from the center axis, both of which were used as input signal of the filters. Then the U-D decomposed Kalman-filtering could effectively eliminate the white noise existing in the AGV navigation system. Recursive algorithm in time domain was adopted to provide steady state variables for the optimal controller and guarantee the computational stability to achieve better system robustness. Optimal output of the optimal control system could be obtained by status feedback. The results indicate that the robustness and noise immunity of the controller designed with the proposed method are strong. By the proposed controller, the orientation deviation of AGV ranges between ± 0.5° and the lateral deviation ranges between ± 4 mm, while the swerve radius is 5 m. Consequently the controller works properly under the industrial circumstances with large electric noise and can trace the linear and curve paths effectively. It is used in intelligent transportation equipment such as automatic guided vehicle and can meet the requirement of industrial application.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	1	Multidisciplinary	Automatic guided vehicle,Kalman-filtering,Optimal controller,U-D decomposition
Virtual passivity-based decentralized control of multiple 3-wheeled mobile robotic systems via system augmentation	2005	International Journal of Automotive Technology	Passive velocity field control (PVFC) was previously developed for fully mechanical systems, in which the motion task was specified by behaviors in terms of a velocity field and the closed-loop was passive with respect to the supply rate given by the environment input. However, the PVFC was only applied to a single manipulator. The proposed control law was derived geometrically and the geometric and robustness properties of the closed-loop system were also analyzed. In this paper, we propose a virtual passivity-based algorithm to apply decentralized control to multiple 3-wheeled mobile robotic systems whose subsystems are under nonholonomic constraints and convey a common rigid object in a horizontal plain. Moreover, it is shown that multiple robot systems ensure stability and the velocities of augmented systems converge to a scaled multiple of each desired velocity field for cooperative mobile robot systems. Finally, the application of proposed virtual passivity-based decentralized algorithm via system augmentation is applied to trace a circle and the simulation results is presented in order to show effectiveness for the decentralized control algorithm proposed in this research. Copyright  2005 KSAE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	1	Automotive Engineering	Augmented system,Automated guided vehicle (AGV),Decentralized control,Minor loop compensation,Passive velocity field control (PVFC),Passivity,Wheeled mobile robot
Application of genetic algorithms in production and operations management: A review	2005	International Journal of Production Research	Over the last decade, there has been a rapid growth of the use of genetic algorithms in the various areas of production and operations management. This paper provides a review of genetic algorithms research published in twenty-one major production and operations management journals from 1990-2001. More specifically, it identifies research trends and publication outlets of genetic algorithms applications. Our findings show that there are only a handful of production and operations management areas to which genetic algorithms have been applied as the solution approach. Furthermore, we recognize and discuss potential research areas and outlets in which researchers may target their work as well as the need for top ranked POM journals to consider publishing genetic algorithms related papers.  2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	86	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Genetic algorithms,Production and operations management,Survey
Increasing the flexibility and intelligence of material handling through the factory by Integrated Fuzzy Logic Controller with Programmable Logic Controller	2005	IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems	Material handling in manufacturing systems is becoming easier as the automated machine technology is improved. Increasing the flexibility and intelligence of material handling devices through the factory, provides great advantages for industry. Reducing the labour cost, reducing the lead time, better quality and so on, are the major advantages which are provided. Nowadays, most of the research aims at increasing flexibility and improving performance of Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs) which is the major vehicle in material handling. This paper bases on two previous works by authors which were proposing Integrated Fuzzy Logic Controller with Programmable Logic Controller (IFLPLC) and the second one is controlling the navigation of an Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGVs) using (IFLPLC). Using Integrated Fuzzy Logic Programmable Logic Control (IFLPLC) it was possible to increase the flexibility of AGV and achieve great advantages, which can be used in the future. Since this AGV uses PLC and FLC together then it will be useful for factories, which implement Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMSs).  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United Kingdom	0	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Artificial Intelligence,Applied Mathematics	None
A performance-based structural policy for conflict-free routing of bi-directional automated guided vehicles	2005	Computers in Industry	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs) play an important role in flexible manufacturing systems. One of the key issues of using AGVs is the conflict-free routing especially when the AGV system is bi-directional. Two classes of routing algorithms have been proposed in the literature: Optimised pre-planning algorithms, and Real-time routing algorithms. Pre-planning algorithm present the advantage of producing optimal conflict-free routes, but do not deal with changing situations such as vehicle delays and failures. Real-time algorithms present the advantage of being reactive, but are non-optimal. In this paper, we propose to combine the advantages of both. We use a two-stage approach: In the first control stage, a pre-planning method to establish the fastest conflict-free routes for AGVs. In the second stage, conflicts are avoided in a real-time manner when needed. The objective of this last is the avoidance of deadlocks in presence of interruptions while maintaining the established AGVs' routes. Two robust routing algorithms are presented. The efficiency of our approach is analysed using developed simulations.  2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	36	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	Automated guided vehicle,Bi-directional AGV system,Conflict,Robust control,Routing
An algorithm for deadlock avoidance in an AGV System	2005	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	In this paper, a simple and easily adaptable deadlock avoidance algorithm for an automated guided vehicle (AGV) system is presented. This algorithm uses the graph-theoretic approach. Unlike Petri-net-based methods, which are complex and static, it is easy to modify the existing model as the configuration of the system changes. Therefore, it is suitable for the AGV system in a flexible manufacturing system (FMS) and a retail or postal distribution center. Moreover, because it is very simple, it is appropriate for real-time control mechanisms. This paper consists of two parts: the first part presents an AGV deadlock avoidance algorithm that uses the graph-theoretic approach, and the second suggests appropriate routing strategies based on the proposed algorithm. The results show that this deadlock avoidance algorithm can be modified easily whenever the configuration of an FMS changes and provide high-performance on the deadlock avoidance. Finally, experimental results that confirm the validity of this approach are provided.  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2004.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	24	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Conflict free,Deadlock avoidance,Graph theory,Path matrix
Object-transportation control of cooperative AGV systems based on virtual-passivity decentralized control algorithm	2005	Journal of Mechanical Science and Technology	Automatic guided vehicle in the factory has an important role to advance the flexible manufacturing system. In this paper, we propose a novel object-transportation control algorithm of cooperative AGV systems to apply decentralized control to multiple AGV systems. Each AGV system is under nonholonomic constraints and conveys a common object-transportation in a horizontal plain. Moreover it is shown that cooperative robot systems ensure stability and the velocities of augmented systems convergence to a scaled multiple of each desired velocity field for cooperative AGV systems. Finally, the application of proposed virtual passivity-based decentralized control algorithm via system augmentation is applied to trace a circle. Finally, the simulation and experimental results for the object-transportation by two AGV systems illustrates the validity of the proposed virtual-passivity decentralized control algorithm.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	8	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV),Decentralized Control Glgorithm,Lyapunov Stability,Passive Velocity Field Control (PVFC),Passivity,Wheeled Mobile Robot (WMR)
The shortest path problem with forbidden paths	2005	European Journal of Operational Research	We consider a variant of the constrained shortest path problem, where the constraints come from a set of forbidden paths (arc sequences) that cannot be part of any feasible solution. Two solution approaches are proposed for this variant. The first uses Aho and Corasick's keyword matching algorithm to filter paths produced by a k-shortest paths algorithm. The second generalizes Martins' deviation path approach for the k-shortest paths problem by merging the original graph with a state graph derived from Aho and Corasick's algorithm. Like Martins' approach, the second method amounts to a polynomial reduction of the shortest path problem with forbidden paths to a classic shortest path problem. Its significant advantage over the first approach is that it allows considering forbidden paths in more general shortest path problems such as the shortest path problem with resource constraints.  2004 Published by Elsevier B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	47	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Forbidden paths,Network flows,Shortest paths
Dispatching vehicles in a mega container terminal	2005	OR Spectrum	We consider a container terminal discharging and uploading containers to and from ships. The discharged containers are stored at prespecified storage locations in the terminal yard. Containers are moved between the ship area and the yard using a fleet of vehicles, each of which can carry one container at a time. The problem is to dispatch vehicles to the containers so as to minimize the total time it takes to serve a ship, which is the total time it takes to discharge all containers from the ship and upload new containers onto the ship. We develop easily implementable heuristic algorithms and identify both the absolute and asymptotic worst-case performance ratios of these heuristics. In simple settings, most of these algorithms are optimal, while in more general settings, we show, through numerical experiments, that these algorithms obtain near-optimal results for the dispatching problem.  Springer-Verlag 2005.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	82	Management Science and Operations Research	Heuristics,Port terminal operations,Vehicle dispatching
Layout aspects of pipeless batch plants	2005	Industrial and Engineering Chemistry Research	Pipeless plants comprise a number of processing stations and a number of mobile vessels transferring materials to be processed at the stations. Layout considerations has been found to be of particular significance in those plants because they determine the transfer times for the vessels, which can influence scheduling issues. This paper presents a general mathematical programming formulation simultaneously integrating layout, design, and production planning for pipeless plants. The overall problem is formulated as a mixed-integer linear programming model based on a continuous-time-domain representation. The applicability of the model is demonstrated by one illustrative example.  2005 American Chemical Society.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	10	Chemistry (all),Chemical Engineering (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Loop based facility planning and material handling	2005	European Journal of Operational Research	A sizeable proportion of manufacturing expenses can be attributed to facility layout and material handling. Facility layout decisions involve designing the arrangement of elements in manufacturing systems. Among the most critical material handling decisions in this area are the arrangement and design of material flow patterns. This survey article reviews loop based facility planning and material handling decisions for trip based material handling equipment with an emphasis on unit load automated guided vehicles. The article examines issues related with facility design, material handling design, and fleet sizing and operating.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	67	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Automated guided vehicles,Facility planning,Flexible manufacturing,Layout,Material handling
Using simulated annealing to design a material-handling system	2005	IEEE Intelligent Systems	A material-handling system was designed using simulated annealing (SA). Automated guided vehicles (AGV) systems are much more flexible than traditional systems such as fixed-path conveyors, allowing dynamic reconfiguration of guidepaths in accordance. AGV-based material-handling systems commonly used four types of topolgies. An SA algorithm simulates the cooling process of a system of particles by gradually lowering the temperature until the system reaches a frozen.	Journal	j	re	Review	Italy	7	Computer Networks and Communications,Artificial Intelligence	None
AGV navigation algorithm based on fuzzy control	2005	Harbin Gongye Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Harbin Institute of Technology	Sensors are newly laid out for AGV which is guided by the photosensitive sensors set. The algorithm of navigation is provided according to the layout of sensors, so as to design the AGV fuzzy controller. It's proved in the experiment that the system performance can meet the demand with a good performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	4	Engineering (all)	AGV,Fuzzy algorithm,Path recognition,Two wheel guide robot
Fuzzy logic controller with slip detection behaviour for Mecanum-wheeled AGV	2005	Robotica	A fuzzy logic controller for an omni-directional, autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) implementing Mecanum wheels to achieve directional control of its motion is presented. Omni-directional robotic platforms advantage over conventional designs is that they are capable of performing tasks in congested environments. The AGV's behaviour during navigation is controlled using a fuzzy logic controller, with slip detection.  2005 Cambridge University Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Africa	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	Autonomous guided vehicle (AGV),Behaviour-based control,Collision avoidance,Fuzzy logic,Inertial navigation,Mecanum wheel
Container port production and economic efficiency	2005	Container Port Production and Economic Efficiency	Teng-Fei Wang, Kevin Cullinane and Dong-Wook Song 2005. All rights reserved.Efficient measurement plays a vital role in any sort of production but there is a dearth of both applications and in-depth research relating to the container port industry. This book analyzes the relationship between ownership, competition and port efficiency by applying traditional theories in industrial organization and examining them empirically. It is the first to conduct comprehensive comparisons of alternative approaches to efficiency measurement for the industry. This original work makes an important contribution to the establishment of central government policy on port investment, policy and governance.	Book	b	bk	Book	United Kingdom	41	Economics, Econometrics and Finance (all),Business, Management and Accounting (all),Engineering (all)	None
Automatic scanning and climbing robot system and its adjusting algorithm	2005	Shanghai Jiaotong Daxue Xuebao/Journal of Shanghai Jiaotong University	Ultrasonic tandem method is usually adopted to detect the weld seam of a high pressure container in which dangerous flaws exist, such as boundary unblended and crack. This paper introduced an automatic scanning and climbing robot for chemical container on-line defect detecting and demonstrated its mechanical structure and adjusting algorithm. Magnetic wheels are used for moving, a magnetic band is used for navigating and a fiber sensor for robot status detecting. Its structure is robust, with good navigation performance, feasible adjusting algorithm and precise location, etc. The experiments demonstrate that the solution is feasible and with excellent performance.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Multidisciplinary	Automatic scanning,Climbing robot,Magnetic wheel,Robots,Ultrasonic tandem method
The performance of the number of vehicles in a dynamic connecting transport AMHS	2005	International Journal of Production Research	A new concept of the dynamic connecting transport automated material handling system (AMHS) is proposed. This paper analyses the performance of the number of vehicles in a dynamic connecting transport AMHS in a simplified 300 mm wafer fab. Discrete-event simulation models are developed in e-M Plant™ to study the system performance. To avoid congestion or idle time in the intrabay system, the control of the upper limit or the lower limit on the number of vehicles can be the feasible solution. Thus, four strategies are identified and their performances are also investigated. In addition, several different operation environments such as the flow rate and the product-mix are used to investigate the performance of the dynamic connecting transport AMHS.  2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	22	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated material handling system,Dynamic connecting transport,Simulation
An integrated approach for the concurrent determination of the block layout and the input and output point locations based on the contour distance	2005	International Journal of Production Research	This paper presents an integrated approach for the facilities design problem. It develops a method for the concurrent determination of the block layout, the locations of departmental input and output (I/O) points using the contour distances between the I/O points, and the material flow paths between the I/O points. The topology of block layouts is represented using two linear sequences (sequence-pair), which allows the layout to have either a slicing or a non-slicing structure. The block layout is obtained from the sequence-pair with a linear programming formulation. Three heuristic methods are then presented to determine for a given block layout the locations of the I/O points on the perimeters of the departments. The flow paths from output to input points are found by determining the shortest paths that follow the perimeters of the departments. The linear programming algorithm, the shortest path algorithm, and the I/O point location heuristics are embedded into a simulated annealing algorithm that modifies the sequence-pair to obtain a high-quality layout based on the contour distances between the I/O points. Results of computational experiments show that the performance of this integrated algorithm compares favourably with those of algorithms using a sequential approach and is capable of solving industrial-sized problems in acceptable computation time.  2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	31	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	I/O point location,Integrated layout design,Non-slicing block layout,Sequence-pair
Simultaneous job input sequencing and vehicle dispatching in a single-vehicle automated guided vehicle system: A heuristic branch-and-bound approach coupled with a discrete events simulation model	2005	International Journal of Production Research	This paper addresses the scheduling problem in automated manufacturing environments, whose problem encompasses all the decisions related to the allocation of resources over the time horizon in order to best satisfy a set of objectives. It concentrates in particular on the job-input sequencing and vehicle-dispatching problems in a manufacturing environment using a single-vehicle automated guided vehicle system. The problem is solved using a branch-and-bound coupled with a discrete event simulation model. The branch-and-bound focuses on the job-input sequencing problem to determine the order in which the jobs enter the manufacturing system. The discrete event simulation model evaluates this job sequence under given vehicle and machine dispatching rules. The discrete event simulation model permits one to take into account all the working constraints: the maximal number of jobs simultaneously allowed in the system, the input/output buffers with finite capacities, the dynamic behaviour of the system under study and, thus, the impact of vehicle blocking and congestion as well as the impact of the machine blocking. A benchmark test is performed to investigate the system performances and the makespan depending on the job input sequencing, the vehicle and machine dispatching. The framework is benchmarked on 20 instances under different vehicle dispatching rules.  2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	30	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV dispatching,Branch-and-bound,Flexible manufacturing system,Job sequencing,Simulation
An adaptive compensator for a vehicle driven by DC motors	2005	Journal of the Franklin Institute	A vehicle system driven by two independent DC motors is presented here, one of which is used for the right wheel and the other is used for the left wheel. An adaptive compensator using Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy systems is proposed to control the vehicle system. The compensator includes an adaptive model identifier and adaptive controller. An online method is used to adjust the parameters of the identifier model to match the behavior model of the vehicle system. Then, the parameters of the identifier model are employed in a standard parallel-distributed compensator to provide asymptotically stable equilibrium for the closed-loop vehicle drive system, in which the velocity and direction angle of the vehicle are controlled. Results demonstrate that the proposed controller structure is robust to load changes and follows different trajectories very well.  2004 The Franklin Institute. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	5	Control and Systems Engineering,Signal Processing,Computer Networks and Communications,Applied Mathematics	Adaptive fuzzy control,DC motors,Trajectory tracking,Vehicle system
A practical exact algorithm for the shortest loop design problem in a block layout	2005	International Journal of Production Research	The problem of determining a shortest loop incident to each cell of a block layout is considered. A compact formulation is developed for this problem and a relatively simple algorithm is presented. It is shown that instances containing up to 60 cells can be solved optimally by using a commercial integer linear programming solver embedded within an iterative scheme.  2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	20	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Block layout,Integer linear programming,Single loop
Two-stage dynamic path planning for multiple AGV scheduling systems	2005	Jiqiren/Robot	In order to shorten the R&D period of AGV(automated guided vehicle) systems, reduce the cost of R&D, find out universal scheduling strategy for different maps, and improve robustness to actual scheduling tasks and malfunction, a two-stage dynamic path planning strategy is developed. Multiple AGV scheduling systems are controlled with the two-stage control strategy, and paths are acquired by dynamic path planning. Several AGVs' paths are planned simultaneously in real time and path optimization is achieved with a heuristic algorithm in dynamic path planning. It is proved with simulation that the strategy improves flexibility of AGV systems and is a universal scheduling strategy for different maps.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	8	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Dynamic path planning,Heuristic algorithm,k-shortest path,Multiple AGV scheduling system,Two-stage control strategy
Scheduling optimisation of flexible manufacturing systems using particle swarm optimisation algorithm	2005	International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology	The increased use of flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) to efficiently provide customers with diversified products has created a significant set of operational challenges. Although extensive research has been conducted on design and operational problems of automated manufacturing systems, many problems remain unsolved. In particular, the scheduling task, the control problem during the operation, is of importance owing to the dynamic nature of the FMS such as flexible parts, tools and automated guided vehicle (AGV) routings. The FMS scheduling problem has been tackled by various traditional optimisation techniques. While these methods can give an optimal solution to small-scale problems, they are often inefficient when applied to larger-scale problems. In this work, different scheduling mechanisms are designed to generate optimum scheduling; these include non-traditional approaches such as genetic algorithm (GA), simulated annealing (SA) algorithm, memetic algorithm (MA) and particle swarm algorithm (PSA) by considering multiple objectives, i.e., minimising the idle time of the machine and minimising the total penalty cost for not meeting the deadline concurrently. The memetic algorithm presented here is essentially a genetic algorithm with an element of simulated annealing. The results of the different optimisation algorithms (memetic algorithm, genetic algorithm, simulated annealing, and particle swarm algorithm) are compared and conclusions are presented .  Springer-Verlag London Limited 2004.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	74	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible manufacturing system,Genetic algorithm,Memetic algorithm,Particle swarm algorithm,Scheduling,Simulated annealing
A coloured Petri net model for automated storage and retrieval systems serviced by rail-guided vehicles: A control perspective	2005	International Journal of Computer Integrated Manufacturing	An Automated Storage and Retrieval System (AS/RS) automatically stores incoming material and retrieves stored parts with no direct human handling. This paper proposes a modular and unified modelling framework for heterogeneous automated storage and retrieval systems, comprising rail guided vehicles and narrow aisle cranes. We employ coloured timed Petri nets, representing a concise and computationally efficient tool for modelling the system dynamic behaviour, particularly suitable for real-time control implementation. Indeed, the model can be utilized in a discrete event simulation to apply control policies in order to solve scheduling problems, as well as to avoid deadlock and collision occurrences.  2005 Taylor & Francis Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	44	Aerospace Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated storage and retrieval systems,Coloured timed petri nets,Real-time control
Tool center trajectory planning for industrial robot manipulators using dynamical systems	2005	International Journal of Robotics Research	In this paper we generalize previous work in which the fixed points of dynamical systems were used to construct obstacle-avoiding, goal-attracting trajectories for robots to more complex attractors such as limit cycles in the form of closed planar curves. Following the development of a formalism for dealing with a mechanical system, some of whose coordinates are constrained to follow the trajectories of a set of coupled differential equations, we discuss how to construct, analyze, and solve a planar dynamical system whose limit set is one or more user-specified closed curves or limit cycles. This work finds its relevance in a wide range of applications. Our focus has mainly been on planning tool trajectories for industrial robot manipulators with applications such as welding and painting. However, the generalization from fixed points to limit cycles is also applicable when controlling automatic guided vehicles.  2005 Sage Publications.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Denmark	22	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Mechanical Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Dynamical systems,Limit cycles,Trajectory planning constraint mechanics
Clustering sensors in wireless ad hoc networks operating in a threat environment	2005	Operations Research	Sensors in a data fusion environment over hostile territory are geographically dispersed and change location with time. To collect and process data from these sensors, an equally flexible network of fusion beds (i.e., clusterheads) is required. To account for the hostile environment, we allow communication links between sensors and clusterheads to be unreliable. We develop a mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model to determine the clusterhead location strategy that maximizes the expected data covered minus the clusterhead reassignments, over a time horizon. A column generation (CG) heuristic is developed for this problem. Computational results show that CG performs much faster than a standard commercial solver, and the typical optimality gap for large problems is less than 5%. Improvements to the basic model in the areas of modeling link failure, consideration of bandwidth capacity, and clusterhead changeover cost estimation are also discussed.  2005 INFORMS.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	16	Computer Science Applications,Management Science and Operations Research	Maximal expected coverage,Military applications,Wireless ad hoc networks
On-line dispatching rules for vehicle-based internal transport systems	2005	International Journal of Production Research	On-line vehicle dispatching rules are widely used in many facilities such as warehouses and manufacturing facilities to control vehicles' movements. Single-attribute dispatching rules, which dispatch vehicles based on only one parameter, are usually used. However, multi-attribute dispatching rules prove to be better in general. In this paper, we study the impact of reassigning moving vehicles on some good dispatching rules, both single- and multi-attribute, in the literature. Results suggest that reassigning moving-to-park vehicles has a significant positive effect on reducing the average load waiting time. We evaluate the dispatching rules' performance using the experimental design of a real-life case study. The performance criteria are: minimizing the average load waiting time, keeping the maximum load waiting time as short as possible and utilizing better vehicles. The results show that the combined dispatching rules which integrates multi-attribute dispatching and vehicle reassignment yields the best performance overall.  2005 Taylor & Francis Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	41	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Centralized control,On-line dispatching,Performance,Vehicle-based internal transport system
Multicriteria meta-heuristics for AGV dispatching control based on computational intelligence	2005	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Part B: Cybernetics	In many manufacturing environments, automated guided vehicles are used to move the processed materials between various pickup and delivery points. The assignment of vehicles to unit loads is a complex problem that is often solved in real-time with simple dispatching rules. This paper proposes an automated guided vehicles dispatching approach based on computational intelligence. We adopt a fuzzy multicriteria decision strategy to simultaneously take into account multiple aspects in every dispatching decision. Since the typical short-term view of dispatching rules is one of the main limitations of such real-time assignment heuristics, we also incorporate in the multicriteria algorithm a specific heuristic rule that takes into account the empty-vehicle travel on a longer time-horizon. Moreover, we also adopt a genetic algorithm to tune the weights associated to each decision criteria in the global decision algorithm. The proposed approach is validated by means of a comparison with other dispatching rules, and with other recently proposed multicriteria dispatching strategies also based on computational Intelligence. The analysis of the results obtained by the proposed dispatching approach in both nominal and perturbed operating conditions (congestions, faults) confirms its effectiveness.  2005 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	37	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Dispatching,Fuzzy control,Genetic algorithms,Manufacturing automation
Design of AGVS simulation software based on UML and multiple threads	2005	Xitong Fangzhen Xuebao / Journal of System Simulation	Based on Timed Colored Petri Net and Directed Graph model of Automated Guided Vehicle System, using Object-Oriented method and Unified Modeling Language (UML), design a simulation tool of Automated Guided Vehicle System, which has the animated simulation function of multiple threads technique. The design focuses on Process View and Design View. An AGVS simulation tool used in the research of path optimization has been successfully implemented based on this design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	0	Modeling and Simulation,Aerospace Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicle system,Multiple threads,Object-oriented design,Simulation,Unified modeling language
Petri nets based dynamic optimal model for flexible manufacturing system	2005	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	To solve the dynamic optimal scheduling problem of Flexible Manufacturing System (FMS), the Real-time Optimal Shift Controlled Petri Net (ROSCP-N) model was proposed based on the Extended High Level Global Evaluation Petri Net (EHLGEP-N). When abnormal cases such as machine faults and/or urgent jobs insertion occurred in FMS, the ROSCP-N model automatically switched to run the global optimal scheduling algorithm and returned to the original system status in an allowable system time limit to continue according to the new optimal results. Finally, the combination of ROSCP-N with the Genetics based Minimum-Balance (GMB) algorithm was taken as an example to prove the effectiveness of the ROSCP-N model.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Dynamic optimal scheduling model,Flexible manufacturing system,Global structure
Petri net models, functional abstractions, and reduction techniques: Applications to the design of automated manufacturing systems	2005	IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics	The use of generic models in the synthesis of flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs) systems, which allows for rapid modeling and analysis, does not ease the verification task difficulty. Even though generic modules can be verified separately, the verification of the interconnections between modules requires the whole model to be considered. A potential solution is to replace the generic modules with their functional abstractions which realize the external functional behavior of these modules. The number of places and transitions involved in realizing the required functionality is, typically, a fraction of that used to represent complete components. This reduces the complexity of the components of the modeled system, and thus the complexity of the verification model. The verification task can then focus on the correctness of the interfaces, rather then on the internal nature of the components. This paper presents new results that allow for systematic construction of functional abstractions for a class of Petri net models which can be used to represent the primary components of the automated-guided-vehicle-based FMSs.  2005 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	26	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Flexible manufacturing systems (FMSs),Formal modeling,Formal validation,Functional abstractions,Petri nets,Reduction techniques
Multi-agent-based approach to solve part selection and task allocation problem in flexible manufacturing systems	2005	International Journal of Production Research	Agent technology is currently being considered as an important approach for developing intelligent manufacturing systems. It offers a new way of thinking about many of the classical problems in manufacturing engineering. A multi-agent-based approach for solving the part allocation problems in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) is presented that can easily cope with the dynamic environment. Four agents were involved in carrying out the tasks of allocating parts on different machines: communicator, machine, part and material handling device (MHD). Upon arrival in the manufacturing facility, the part informs the communicator agent about the task requirements. The communicator agent divides the task into subtasks and sends a call-for-bids message to the machine and MHD agents. Each machine responds in accordance with its process capabilities and buffer limit. This response may be for the whole task or for one or more subtasks and it contains the price and cost details for these subtasks along with the performance index and acceptance ratio of the machine. The final allocation is made based on the objective function that includes processing and transportation costs and time. An algorithm is presented that is used by the communicator agent for allocating parts to different machines. An illustrative example is given to solve the task allocation on five machines, with each machine having different performance index and acceptance ratio.  2005 Taylor & Francis Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	23	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS),Multi Agent Systems (MAS),Part selection,Task allocation
Considering displacement modes in the fleet management problem	2005	International Journal of Production Research	This paper presents two solution approaches for taking into account the displacement mode (forward or in reverse) of vehicles during the solution of the shortest path problem. In the first approach, a graph including all aspects of the problem is constructed and a classical shortest path algorithm is used to solve the problem. In the second approach, a more simple graph is constructed, and all the constraints of the problem are considered during the solution of the shortest path problem. This problem is important for routing a fleet of automated vehicles on a one-lane bidirectional graph.  2005 Taylor & Francis Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	3	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Fleet management,Graph design,Routing,Shortest path algorithm
Motion generation and adaptive control method of automated guided vehicles in road following	2005	IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems	Dynamics of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are described by a nonlinear nonholonomic model with two inputs: the rear axle torque and the steering angle torque. This model uses integrated longitudinal and lateral behavior. The first part of this paper is concerned with motion generation, taking into account kinodynamics and motor's constraints. Usual kinematics constraints are not always sufficient to provide feasible trajectories; thus, we focus on velocity limitation and the motor's current and slew rate constraints. Optimal velocity is determined for AGVs along a specified path with a known curvature. The main result concerns the realistic situation when the parameters of the model describing the movement of the vehicle are not well known. A nonlinear strategy is proposed to ensure control of the vehicle even if the knowledge of the AGVs constant parameters is not perfect. The proof of the main result is based on the Lyapunov concept and the proposed results are illustrated by simulations and some comments.  2005 IEEE.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	France	19	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	Automated guided vehicles (AGVs),Longitudinal-lateral dynamics,Motion generation,Nonlinear adaptive control
An ant algorithm for the single row layout problem in flexible manufacturing systems	2005	Computers and Operations Research	Single row machine layout problem is one of the most commonly used layout patterns, especially in flexible manufacturing systems. In this paper, this problem is formulated as a non-linear 0-1 programming model in which the distance between the machines is sequence dependent. An ant algorithm has been developed to solve this problem. A technique is proposed to efficiently implement the proposed algorithm. The performance of the proposed heuristic is tested over a number of problems selected from the literature. Computational results indicate that the proposed approach is more effective compared to many existing algorithms in this area.  2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Iran	145	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Ant colony optimization,Facility layout,Heuristics,Single row layout
North American container port capacity: A literature review	2005	Transportation Journal	International marine container volumes have surged over the last several decades, but North American ports and their supporting container distribution networks have struggled to increase capacity to match this expansion. This article seeks to review and organize existing container network capacity literature into a taxonomy based on the interrelated stakeholders of container flows. The article first establishes the industry capacity situation, then examines research of capacity influences from stakeholders, including port authorities, terminal operators, longshore labor, shippers, railroads, drayage carriers, intermediaries, ocean carriers, governments, and local communities. Ultimately, the article attempts to establish the urgency of container network capacity problems and identify areas needing further research.	Journal	j	re	Review	United States	16	Transportation	None
A high precision ultrasonic docking system used for automatic guided vehicle	2005	Sensors and Actuators, A: Physical	With the more and more wide applications of automatic guided vehicle (AGV) in the material handling of modern manufactory system, its docking techniques have drawn extensive attention. The objective of this paper is to investigate the ultrasonic sensor based AGV 2D docking. As an established and cost-effective method, the application of classic ultrasonic sensor still faces certain drawbacks, e.g., low accuracy. In the present work, a novel high-precision, low-cost ultrasonic docking system is developed to locate the AGV relative to the docking workstation. In the proposed scheme, with electromagnetic wave used as system synchronization to trigger the time of flight (TOF) counter, the docking system consists of the ultrasound reception and emission beacons positioned at the same height of docking workstation and AGV, respectively. The 2D position of AGV is obtained from the TOF of ultrasonic signal from the emitter to two receivers. To ensure docking accuracy on low-cost narrow bandwidth ultrasonic transducer, a transducer equalizer based on the adaptive training algorithm is employed to realize high ranging precision (1 mm). Experimental results obtained on a demo AGV are presented and discussed, confirming the validity of the proposed solution, with an AGV docking precision of around ±3 mm in x and y, ±1° in bearing.  2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	25	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Instrumentation,Condensed Matter Physics,Surfaces, Coatings and Films,Metals and Alloys,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	AGV,Docking,Equalization,Ultrasonic ranging
Complexity of flow shop scheduling problems with transportation constraints	2005	European Journal of Operational Research	In most manufacturing and distribution systems, semi-finished jobs are transferred from one processing facility to another by transporters such as Automated Guided Vehicles, robots and conveyors, and finished jobs are delivered to warehouses or customers by vehicles such as trucks. This paper investigates two-machine flow shop scheduling problems taking transportation into account. The finished jobs are transferred from the processing facility and delivered to customers by truck. Both transportation capacity and transportation times are explicitly taken into account in these models. We study the class of flow shop problems by analysing their complexity. For the makespan objective function, we prove that this problem is strongly NP-hard when the capacity of a truck is limited to two or three parts with an unlimited buffer at the output of the each machine. This problem with additional constraints, such as blocking, is also proven to be strongly NP-hard.  2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	France	75	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Complexity,Flexible manufacturing systems,Flow shop,Scheduling
Sequence based hierarchical conflict-free routing strategy of bi-directional automated guided vehicles	2005	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Conflict-free routing is an important problem to be addressed in AGV Systems, in particular when they are bi-directional. This paper considers the problem of routing AGVs in the presence of contingencies. The importance of this work stems from the realization that path-planning approaches are ill suited to AGVSs subject to contingencies. in this paper, a two stage closed-loop control strategy is proposed. in the first control stage, a pre-planning method proposed by Kim and Tanchoco (1991) is used to establish the fastest conflict-free routes for AGVs. The objective of the second stage is the avoidance of deadlocks in the presence of interruptions while maintaining the planned routes. Copyright  2005 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Deadlock,Robust control,Sequences,Traffic control
Design of robust flow-path network for AGV systems using competitive co-evolution with packaging	2005	2005 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	Design process of a robust flow-path network for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems is proposed in this paper. An effectiveness of a system with a robust flow-path network does not sink against any task. However, for this robust flow-path, the number of possible tasks is very large in AGV systems, therefore it is impossible to test the promising flow-path network against all of possible tasks. The problem is solved by the method of difficult task design with Genetic Algorithm (GA). The effective flow-path network is designed with GA simultaneously, because the difficult tasks depend on the flow-path networks. Competitive Co-evolution is applied to the simultaneous design. Results of the designing are shown through simulations and the designed flow-path network makes it possible to complete 10000 tasks that are generated randomly.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	2	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	AGV system,Competitive co-evolution,Flow-path network,Task design
A genetic algorithm approach to simultaneous scheduling of processing machines and multiple-load automated guided vehicles	2005	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	In this paper, a new genetic algorithm (GA) approach to simultaneous scheduling of processing machines and multiple-load automated guided vehicles (AGVs) is proposed. The proposed method is based on a GA for job shop scheduling problems. In the proposed method, a chromosome is composed of operation sequence genes and AGV assignment genes. Operation sequence genes contain processing operations, pickup operations and delivery operations. A decoding scheme considering processing and transportation is introduced. We applied the proposed method to a set of 82 problems which are designed to evaluate methods for simultaneous scheduling of machines and multiple-load AGVs. The result is compared with that of random search and schedule by using a dispatching rule. The proposed method outperforms random search in 54 out of 82 problems while the proposed method obtains better schedule than that of the dispatching rule in 31 out of 82 problems. These simulation results indicate the effectiveness of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	3	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Genetic Algorithm,Manufacturing Scheduling,Material Handling,Multiple load AGV,Simultaneous Scheduling
Highly efficient AGV transportation system management using agent cooperation and container storage planning	2005	2005 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	The development of a highly efficient management methodology for an Automated Container Terminal (ACT) poses a problem for port authorities. The focus here is on a transportation system for an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) for an ACT. In this paper, we design the detailed management models, i.e., agent cooperation and container storage planning for the transportation system. Then, we optimally design systems that are constructed with the use of the designed management models. Comparisons of the systems are made to evaluate cost effectiveness based on the total construction cost and validity of the management models. Finally, a proposal is made for the most efficient management system.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	10	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	Agent cooperation,AGV transportation system,Container storage planning,System management
Vehicle dispatching for highly loaded semiconductor production considering bottleneck machines first	2005	International Journal of Flexible Manufacturing Systems	Semiconductor wafer fabrication lines can be characterized by re-entrant product flow, long production lead-time, large variety of production processes, and large capital investment. These distinctive characteristics make the flow control in the fab very complicated. Throughput rate and lead-time are among the most important performance measures. The throughput rate is usually determined by a bottleneck resource, and the lead-time depends on the machine utilization level and the amount of variability in the system. Due to the high efficiency of material handling and reduced particles, automated material handling systems such as automatic guided vehicles (AGVs), overhead hoist transporters (OHTs), and overhead shuttles (OHSs) are being widely used in wafer fabrication lines (wafer fabs) instead of human operators. Although a material handling system itself is seldom a bottleneck of production in a fab, it is important for that to effectively support the bottleneck machines to maximize the throughput and reduce production lead-time. This paper presents a vehicle dispatching procedure based on the concept of theory of constraints, in which vehicle dispatching decisions are made to utilize the bottleneck machines at the maximum level. Simulation experiments have been performed to compare the proposed vehicle dispatching procedure with existing ones under different levels of machine utilization, vehicle utilization, and local buffer capacity.  Springer Science + Business Media, Inc. 2006.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	23	Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Material flow,Semiconductor wafer fabrication,Theory of constraints,Vehicle dispatching
Federated information mode-matched filter in an IMM algorithm	2005	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	in this paper, a tracking algorithm for autonomous navigation of automated guided vehicles (AGVs) operating in container terminals is presented. The developed tracking algorithm is an interacting multiple model algorithm used to detect other AGVs using fused information from multiple sensors. in order to detect other AGVs, two kinematic models were derived: A constant velocity model for linear motion, and a constant-speed turn model for curvilinear motion. in the constant-speed turn model, a nonlinear information filter is used in place of the extended Kalman filter in nonlinear systems. The model-matched filter used in multi-sensor environments takes the form of a federated nonlinear information filter. in this paper, the structural features and information sharing principle of the federated information filter are discussed. The performance of the proposed filter using a Monte Carlo simulation under various patterns is evaluated. Copyright  2005 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicle,Extended kalman filter,Information filter,Interacting multiple model,Navigation,Sensor fusion,Target tracking filter
Minimum vehicle fleet size under time-window constraints at a container terminal	2005	Transportation Science	Products can be transported in containers from one port to another. At a container terminal these containers are transshipped from one mode of transportation to another. Cranes remove containers from a ship and put them at a certain time (i.e., release time) into a buffer area with limited capacity. A vehicle lifts a container from the buffer area before the buffer area is full (i.e., in due time) and transports the container from the buffer area to the storage area. At the storage area the container is placed in another buffer area. The advantage of using these buffer areas is the resultant decoupling of the unloading and transportation processes. We study the case in which each container has a time window [release time, due time] in which the transportation should start. The objective is to minimize the vehicle fleet size such that the transportation of each container starts within its time window. No literature has been found studying this relevant problem. We have developed an integer linear programming model to solve the problem of determining vehicle requirements under time-window constraints. We use simulation to validate the estimates of the vehicle fleet size by the analytical model. We test the ability of the model under various conditions. From these numerical experiments we conclude that the results of the analytical model are close to the results of the simulation model. Furthermore, we conclude that the analytical model performs well in the context of a container terminal.  2005 INFORMS.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	70	Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Container-port terminal,Fleet sizing,Freight transportation,Lifting vehicles,Time windows
A distributed routing method for multiple AGVs for motion delay disturbances	2005	2005 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	In this paper, we propose a distributed routing method for multiple mobile robots under uncertain motion delays. The feature of the proposed method is that each AGV subsystem creates the routing to minimize the sum of the transportation time and the penalty for collision avoidance constraints taking into account motion delay disturbances for other AGVs. The computational results show that the total transportation time obtained by the proposed method is shorter than that of the conventional method under various type of motion delay disturbances.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	5	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Distributed routing,Motion delay disturbances,Rescheduling
Application of regress algorithm on track control of an automatic guided vehicle	2005	Nongye Jixie Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Machinery	In this paper a novel track control method is presented which has a good control effect and extensive adaptability for an automatic guided vehicle (AGV). With the use of dynamic model of an AGV, the control input can be adjusted repeatedly according to the input and output tracking error signal of the previous operation until perfect tracking results are achieved. Simulations and experiments illustrate the correctness and effectiveness of the proposed method.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Agricultural and Biological Sciences (all),Mechanical Engineering	Automatic guided vehicle,Regress algorithm,Track control
Coordinated fault-tolerant control of autonomous agents: Geometry and communications architecture	2005	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	A one step ahead optimization based control of autonomous agents is proposed. Each agent is modeled as a double integrator. We only define a geometric topology for the agent formation, and by correctly choosing the cost function, show that our algorithm produces a communication topology mirroring the geometric topology. By providing some redundancy in the formation topology it is possible for the system to survive the loss of an agent. Other attractions of the scheme are scalability, the requirement of only local knowledge of the desired formation topology and ease of reconfiguration in the face of loss of agents and/or channels. Copyright  2005 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	10	Control and Systems Engineering	Automated guided vehicles,Co-operative control,Decentralized control,Fault tolerance,Stability
Analytical models of vehicle-based automated material handling systems in semiconductor fabs	2005	IEEE International Symposium on Semiconductor Manufacturing Conference Proceedings	This research explores analytical models useful in the design of vehicle-based Automated Material Handling Systems (AMHS) to support semiconductor manufacturing. The objective is to correctly estimate the throughput and move request delay. The analysis approach is based on queuing network models, but taking into account details of the operation of the AMHS. We analyze the vehicles movement in the system using a Markov chain. This analysis provides the essential parameters such as the blocking probabilities in order to estimate the performance measures. A numerical example is provided to demonstrate and validate the queuing model.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	1	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Engineering (all),Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
AGV system with dual motor drive by distributed control	2005	Key Engineering Materials	With the recent progress in flexible manufacturing systems (FMS) in industry, increasing attention has been given to Automatic Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems. An AGV is a self-powered unit for transporting materials between stations without needing to be controlled by an operator. Such a system has several sensors to recognize the external state, and it is designed to travel between stations without external assistance. To manage each device quickly and independently it requires a distributed controller with a main computer as the host, as well as a number of micro-controllers. In this study, an AGV system with dual motor drive was constructed. A Pentium 4 personal computer was set up as the main host for the distributed control, and this communicated with other micro-controllers in the management of the motor. The speed of each motor was also controlled by a micro-controller.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Materials Science (all),Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	AGV (Automatic Guided Vehicle),Distributed control,Dual motor drive,Hardware module,Multi process,Multi threading method,PC-Based system,Software module
A tracking algorithm for autonomous navigation of AGVs in an automated container terminal	2005	Journal of Mechanical Science and Technology	In this paper, a tracking algorithm for the autonomous navigation of the automated guided vehicles (AGVs) operated in a container terminal is investigated. The navigation system is based on sensors that detect range and bearing. The navigation algorithm used is an interacting multiple model algorithm to detect other AGVs and avoid obstacles using information obtained from the multiple sensors. In order to detect other AGVs (or obstacles), two kinematic models are derived: A constant velocity model for linear motion and a constant-speed turn model for curvilinear motion. For the constant-speed turn model, an unscented Kalman filter is used because of the drawbacks of the extended Kalman filter in nonlinear systems. The suggested algorithm reduces the root mean squares error for linear motions and rapidly detects possible turning motions.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	6	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Automated Guided Vehicle,Extended Kalman Filter,Hybrid,Interacting Multiple Model,Navigation,Nonlinear Filtering,Unscented Filter
Obstacle detection using a Time-of-Flight range camera for Automated Guided Vehicle safety and navigation	2005	Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering	The performance evaluation of an obstacle detection and segmentation algorithm for Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) navigation in factory-like environments using a 3D real-time range camera is the subject of this paper. Our approach has been tested successfully on British safety standard recommended object sizes and materials placed on the vehicle path. The segmented (mapped) obstacles are then verified using absolute measurements obtained using a relatively accurate 2D scanning laser rangefinder. Sensor mounting and sensor modulation issues will also be described through representative data sets.  2005 - IOS Press and the auther(s). All rights reserved.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	12	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science Applications,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	None
On the optimal workloads allocation of an FMS with finite in-process buffers	2005	Lecture Notes in Computer Science	This paper considers a workload allocation problem of a flexible manufacturing system composed of several parallel workstations each with both input and output buffers where two automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are used for input and output material handling. The problem is divided into 4 types according to the capacities of input and output buffers, and then analyzed to yield the highest throughput for the given FMS model. Some interesting properties are derived that are useful for characterizing optimal allocation of workloads, and some numerical results are presented.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2005.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	1	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	FMS,Queueing Network,Throughput,Workload
A design process for adaptive behavior of situated agents	2005	Lecture Notes in Computer Science	Engineering non-trivial open multi-agent systems is a challenging task. Our research focusses on situated multi-agent systems, i.e. systems in which agents are explicitly placed in an environment which agents can perceive and in which they can act. Situated agents do not use long-term planning to decide what action sequence should be executed, but select actions based on the locally perceived state of the world and limited internal state. To cope with change and dynamism of the system, situated agents must be able to adapt their behavior. A well-known family of agent architectures for adaptive behavior are free-flow architectures. However, building a free-flow architecture based on an analysis of the problem domain is a quasi-impossible job for non-trivial agents. To tackle the complexity of designing adaptive agent behavior based on a free-flow architecture, suitable abstractions are needed to describe and structure the agent behavior. The abstraction of a role is obviously essential in this respect. A modeling language is needed as well to model the behavior of the agents. We propose a statechart modeling language to support the design of roles for situated agents. In this paper we describe a design process for adaptive behavior of situated agents as part of a multi-agent oriented methodology. The design process integrates the abstraction of a role with a free-flow architecture. Starting from the results of analysis of the problem domain, the designer incrementally refines the model of the agent behavior. The resulting class diagram serves as a basis for implementation. We illustrate the subsequent design steps with a case study on controlling a collection of automated guided vehicles.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2005.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	10	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Yard trailer routing at a maritime container terminal	2005	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	This paper addresses the trailer routing problem at a maritime container terminal, where yard trailers are normally assigned to specific quay cranes until the work is finished. A more efficient trailer assignment method called "dynamic routing" is proposed. A heuristic was developed and a wide variety of computational experiments were conducted. The results of the experiments demonstrated that the dynamic routing reduces travel distance and generates substantial savings in the trailer fleet size and overall cost (15% reduction). The paper's contribution to the literature is the development of a new routing scheme achieving container handling cost savings for a terminal.  2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	84	Business and International Management,Civil and Structural Engineering,Transportation	Cargo handling,Container transportation,Heuristic,Mathematical programming,Vehicle routing
A global control strategy for urban vehicles platooning relying on nonlinear decoupling laws	2005	2005 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	To solve problems of traffic saturation in cities, new alternative "Urban Transportation Systems" are based on electric vehicles in free-access. One necessary functionality of such systems is their ability to move in a platoon fashion. Platooning of these automatic guided vehicles, relying on RTK-GPS sensors and inter-vehicles communication, is addressed in this paper. The developed control law is based on a global control strategy; actually, it can take into account all the platoon state, and not only the immediate previous vehicle state. Distance here is understood as difference of curvilinear abscissa along a reference trajectory. Relying on nonlinear control theory, lateral and longitudinal control are fully decoupled, and therefore addressed independently. To ensure passengers comfort, additional monitoring functions supervise our control system. Then, experiment, carried out with urban vehicles, and simulations of long platoon, are presented.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	France	23	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	Automatic Guided Vehicles,Mobile robots,Nonlinear control,Platooning,RTK GPS
Complete robotic inspection line using PC-based control, supervision and parameterization software	2005	Robotics and Computer-Integrated Manufacturing	Non-flat ceramic products, like toilets and bidets, are fully inspected at the end of the production process, to search for structural, surface and functional defects. Ceramic pieces are transported to the inspection lines assembled in pallets, carried by electro-mechanical fork-lifters or automatic guided vehicles. Pallets need to be disassembled, while feeding with the inspection lines where human operators execute the inspection tasks. Also, the pieces that pass inspection need to be palletized again for product distribution. Those de-palletizing and palletizing operations are physically very demanding and can be performed with advantages by robots. This paper discusses with enough detail the adopted solutions used to perform those tasks, giving special attention to the software designed to parameterize and supervise the system.  2004 Published by Elsevier Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Portugal	4	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Distributed software,Industrial robotics,Palletizing and de-palletizing
An expert system for vehicle restraint system design	2005	SAE Technical Papers	In an attempt to make vehicle restraint systems more effective in protecting occupants, many advanced safety technologies have been introduced. These advanced technologies are mostly adaptive technologies. The ability of a restraint system to adapt itself to crash parameters like crash speed and type, occupant size, and belt-usage status, offers possible enhancements in occupant protection. Designing a restraint system boils down to the determination of the design variables of either the restraint technologies or vehicle interiors. A restraint system of adaptive technologies involves much more design variables than a restraint system containing only load-limited belts and dual stage inflators, possibly posing a challenge to safety engineers. In the language of Artificial Intelligence, an expert system is a type of application program that makes decisions or solves problems in a particular field by using knowledge and analytical rules defined by experts in the field [1]. A MADYMO-based expert system for restraint system design, ESRSD, is developed in this paper. The expertise of restraint system engineers is incorporated into ESRSD so that it can mimic safety experts' reasoning processes. ESRSD takes an input similar to that of a GA-based restraint system's optimization process developed by I. Yeh, et al. [2]. It includes the variation ranges of design variables and design constraints. The output of ESRSD, however, is a complete set of eligible solutions, unlike in GA, where only the optimal solution and the solutions around it are outputted. A complete solution set will enable safety engineers to tell the "net effect" of each safety technology. This paper covers all the details of ESRSD development. Two restraint systems, one for the driver side and one for the passenger side, containing a variety of advanced safety technologies will be used to demonstrate the application of this tool. The results from ESRSD and GA will be compared as well. Copyright  2005 SAE International.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	3	Automotive Engineering,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Pollution,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Building a semantic-rich service-oriented manufacturing environment	2005	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Service-orientation has emerged as a new promising paradigm for enterprise integration in the manufacturing sector. In this paper, we focus on the approach and technologies for constructing a service-oriented manufacturing environment. The service orientation is achieved via virtualization in which every thing, including machines, equipments, devices, various data sources, applications, and processes, are virtualized as standard-based Web services. The virtualization approach is based on the emerging Web Services Resource Framework (WS-RF). A case study of virtualizing an AGV system using WS-RF is described. The use of Semantic Web Services technologies to enhance manufacturing Web services for a semantic-rich environment is discussed, focusing on OWL-S for semantic markup of manufacturing Web services and OWL for the development of ontologies in the manufacturing domain. An enterprise integration architecture enabled by Semantic Web service composition is also discussed.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2005.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	3	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
An industrial autonomous guided robot	2005	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	There has been much interest on achieving educational and research goals by the use of mobile robot platforms. However these platforms are not usually composed by industrial of the shelf solutions. This paper presents the kind of industrial sensors that can be used in an autonomous mobile robot. The vehicle is supposed to follow a track, make choices on its way respecting visual indications of traffic lights, navigate inside a tunnel and park inside a given area. The original part about this AGV is the implementation by use of available industrial equipment rather than the common PC and/or PICs combination. Copyright  2005 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	2	Control and Systems Engineering	Autonomous mobile robots,Digital images,Encoders,Guidance systems,Industry automation,Sensors
Drift turning of lateral guided vehicle with Sensor Steering Mechanism (variable kinetic friction model)	2005	Proceedings of the ASME International Design Engineering Technical Conferences and Computers and Information in Engineering Conference - DETC2005	In a previous paper, the simulated loci of high-speed cornering did not correspond with experimentally obtained results because the tire model used only the sticking in the Coulomb friction model. If the centrifugal force becomes larger than the cornering force of the tires, then the vehicle does not maintain the desired course. The cornering force is affected by the sticking or slipping condition of the tires. In order to simulate the high-speed cornering trajectory, the present paper assumes three stages of friction: low kinetic friction force at the beginning of slipping, the period of kinetic friction force, and the return to the static friction condition at small slip angles. In addition to the Rear motor Rear drive (RR) type vehicle, the Front motor Front drive (FF) type vehicle with a Sensor Steering Mechanism (SSM) and a 4-wheel steering mechanism is developed. In the experiments of present paper, both of these robots are run on an oval course at high speed. Numerical simulation and experimental results indicate effective prediction by the friction model. Copyright  2005 by ASME.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Engineering (all)	None
Door traversing for a vision-based mobile robot using PCA	2005	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	This paper presents a method that a vision-based mobile robot can find location of doors and can safely traverse the door in complex environments. A robot must be able to find the door in order that it achieves the behavior that is scheduled after traversing a door. In this paper, PCA (Principal Component Analysis) algorithm using a vision sensor is used for a mobile robot to find the location of door. In addition, a fuzzy controller using a sonar data is used for a robot to avoid obstacles and traverse the door.  Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2005.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	6	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Optimal tool trajectory integration in surface manufacturing	2005	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	Automated CAD-guided tool planning has many applications in surface manufacturing, such as spray painting, spray forming, rapid tooling, cleaning and polishing. in our previous work, a general framework has been developed to automatically generate trajectories for a free-form surface for these tasks. Because of the complicated geometry of a free-form surface, it maybe partitioned into multiple patches. After trajectories for all patches are generated, they must be connected to form a complete trajectory. in this paper, the algorithm for automated optimal trajectory connection is developed and the optimal trajectory connection is formulated as an integer programming problem. Experimental tests have been carried out on automotive parts and the results validate the developed approach. This framework can also be extended to other applications such as material deposition using plasma gun. Copyright  2005 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Integer programming,Surface manufacturing,Trajectory connection,Travelling salesman problem
Obstacle avoidance strategy based on adaptive potential fields generated by an electronic stick	2005	2005 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, IROS	In our previous work, an obstacle avoidance algorithm, which used potential fields and a similar strategy to that adopted by a blind person to avoid obstacles whilst walking, was proposed. The problem analyzed consists of an AGV (Autonomous Guided Vehicle) which moves within an office environment with a known floor plan and uses an "electronic stick" made up of infrared sensors to detect unknown obstacles in its path. Initially, a global potential navigation function, defined for each room in the floor plan, incorporates information about the dimensions of the room and the position of the door which the AGV must use to leave the room. Whilst the AGV moves, this global potential navigation function is properly modified to incorporate information about any newly detected obstacle. The main interesting aspect of the proposed approach is that the potential function adaptation involves very low computational burden allowing for the use of Ultra-fast AGVs. Other distinctive features of the algorithm are that it is free from local minima, the obstacles can have any shape, low cost sensors can be used to detect obstacles and an appropriate balance is achieved between the use of the global and the local approaches for collision avoidance. Our present work is a refinement of this strategy that allows for an automatic real time adaptation of the algorithm's parameters. Now, the algorithm's functioning requires only that the minimum distance at which the AGV can approach an obstacle (i.e. the closest it can get to any obstacle) is defined a priori. Aspects of the real implementation of the algorithm are also discussed.  2005 IEEE.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Brazil	8	Artificial Intelligence,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Human-Computer Interaction,Control and Systems Engineering	Adaptive trajectory planning,Autonomous guided vehicle,Obstacle avoidance,Potential fields
An adaptive control of an autonomous guided vehicle system using cell-mediated immune algorithm controller and vision sensor	2005	Journal of Mechanical Science and Technology	In this paper, we proposed an adaptive control method which is named CMIA (cell-mediated immune algorithm) controller with PID scheme. It is based on specific immune response of the biological immune system which is the cell-mediated immune response. It is also applied for the autonomous guided vehicle (AGV) system which is manufactured in this paper. The AGV is used for the port automation to carry container without human and to overcome uncertainty and nonlinearity because of running in the outdoor. To verify the performance of the proposed CMIA controller, some experiments for the AGV system are performed. Finally, the experimental results for the control of steering and speed of an AGV system illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed control scheme. These results for the proposed method also show that it has better performance than other conventional controller design methods.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	2	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Adaptive Control,Autonomous Guided Vehicle (AGV),Cell-Mediated Immune Algorithm (CMIA) Controller,Neural Network Identifier (NNI),Port Automation,Vision Sensor
A cooperative algorithm for autonomous distributed vehicle systems with finite buffer capacity	2005	IEICE Transactions on Fundamentals of Electronics, Communications and Computer Sciences	Recently, there are so many researches on Autonomous Distributed Manufacturing Systems (ADMSs), where cooperation among agents is used to solve problems, such as the scheduling problem and the vehicle routing problem. We target ADMSs where an ADMS consists of two sub-systems: a Production System (PS) and an Autonomous Transportation System (ATS). This paper discusses an on-line Tasks Assignment and Routing Problem (TARP) for ATSs under conditions of given production schedule and finite buffer capacity. The TARP results in a constrained version of the Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows (PDPTW), and this paper gives a mathematical formulation of the problem. This paper, also, proposes a cooperative algorithm to obtain suboptimal solutions in which no deadlocks and buffer overflows occur. By computational experiments, we will examine the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. Computational experiments show that the proposed algorithm is able to obtain efficient and deadlock-free routes even though the buffer p capacity is less. Copyright  2005 The Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	18	Signal Processing,Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided Design,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Applied Mathematics	Autonomous distributed systems,Intelligent manufacturing systems,Multi agent,PDPTW,Vehicle routing
A bio-inspired multi-agent control framework	2005	IFAC Proceedings Volumes (IFAC-PapersOnline)	The biological world has often offered inspirations to novel approaches to solving engineering problems. This paper presents an engineering analogy of the human immune system, known as the artificial immune system (AIS) for the strategic control of multi-agent based systems such as fleet of autonomous guided vehicles or a multi-jointed manipulator. The human immune system is a complex, adaptive and highly distributed system that exhibits the behaviors of autonomy, self-organizing, distributivity, fault tolerance, robustness, learning and memory, which is underpinned by a set of theories including the immune discrimination and specificity theories. A distributed control framework is developed based on the conceptual framework of the immune system. The AIS-based multi-agent control paradigm is studied via two key mechanisms in the generalized control hierarchy, namely, detection of events and the activation of control actions. Simulation and experimental study using a fleet of autonomous guided vehicles in a material handling system to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Copyright  2005 IFAC.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Hong Kong	0	Control and Systems Engineering	Artificial intelligence,Intelligent control,Multi agent system
Gantry robot with extended workspace for pavement sign painting operations	2005	Journal of Mechanical Science and Technology	The current method for pavement sign marking operations is labor-intensive and very dangerous due to the exposure of workers to passing traffic. It also requires blocking traffic for a long period of time resulting serious traffic jam. This paper deals with the development of a robotic system for automating the pavement sign painting operations. The robotic system consists of gantry frame equipped with transverse drive rail and automatic paint spray system. The workspace of the gantry robot is extended to one-lane width with the transverse rail system. This research also includes the development of font data structures that contain the shape information of pavement signs, such as Korean letters, English letters and symbols. The robot path is generated with this font data through the procedures of scaling up/down and partitioning the signs to be painted depending on the workspace size.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	2	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering	Construction Automation,Field Robot,Parement Sign Painting
Adaptation of TS fuzzy models without complexity expansion: HOSVD-based approach	2005	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	One direction of measured data-set based modeling applies fuzzy logic identification tools and results in a fuzzy rule-base model. A typical problem of fuzzy identification methods is that the complexity of the resulting fuzzy rule-base, namely the number of rules in the rule-base, explodes with the modeling accuracy. As a result, the topic of fuzzy rule-base complexity reduction techniques emerged in the last decade. A common disadvantage of fuzzy rule-base complexity reduction methods is that the resulting complexity minimized fuzzy-rule bases cannot be simply adapted to new information. If we have new information that cannot be described by the fuzzy rules of the complexity minimized fuzzy rule-base, then we have two choices. The first choice is to add new fuzzy rules to the fuzzy rule-base until the new information can be described. The second choice is to modify the new information until it can be described by the fuzzy rule-base without using additional fuzzy rules. This second case has the prominent role if the number of fuzzy rules in the fuzzy rule-base is limited. This paper proposes a method for the second choice. The proposed method minimizes the necessary modification of the new information. This paper focuses attention on a recent complexity reduction method, termed Higher Order Singular Value Decomposition (HOSVD)-based complexity reduction, and Takagi-Sugeno (TS) inference operator-based fuzzy rule-bases. An example is used to provide the validation of the proposed method. In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, a control system of a differential-steered automatic guided vehicle is modeled in the paper.  2005 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hungary	16	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Complexity reduction,Higher-order singular value decomposition,Takagi-Sugeno (TS) fuzzy model
Integrating free-flow architectures with role models based on statecharts	2005	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Engineering non-trivial open multi-agent systems is a challenging task. Our research focusses on situated multi-agent systems, i.e. systems in which agents are explicitly placed in a context -an environment- which agents can perceive and in which they can act. Two concerns are essential in developing such open systems. First, the agents must be adaptive in order to exhibit suitable behavior in changing circumstances of the system: new agents may join the system, others may leave, the environment may change, e.g. its topology or its characteristics such as throughput and visibility. A well-known family of agent architectures for adaptive behavior are free-flow architectures. However, building a free-flow architecture based on an analysis of the problem domain is a quasi-impossible job for non-trivial agents. Second, multi-agent systems developers as software engineers require suitable abstractions for describing and structuring agent behavior. The abstraction of a role obviously is essential in this respect. Earlier, we proposed Statecharts as a formalism to describe roles. Although this allows application developers to describe roles comfortably, the formalism supports rigid behavior only, and hampers adaptive behavior in changing environments. In this paper we describe how a synergy can be reached between free-flow architectures and Statechart models in order to combine the best of both worlds: adaptivity and suitable abstractions. We illustrate the result through a case study on controlling a collection of automated guided vehicles (AGVs), which is the subject of an industrial project.  Springer-Verlag Berin Heidelberg 2005.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Belgium	7	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Hybrid Petri net and digraph approach for deadlock prevention in automated manufacturing systems	2005	International Journal of Production Research	This paper proposes a hybrid approach to deadlock prevention in automated manufacturing systems that combines Petri nets (PNs) and digraphs, so taking advantage of the strong points of both techniques. The approach uses digraphs to make the detection of deadlock conditions easier and then translates the obtained information in empty siphons of the PN modelling the same system. The proposed methodology allows the implementation of new PN‐based deadlock prevention control policies. A case study and the simulation results show the benefits of the new control strategies.  2005 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	8	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Automated manufacturing systems,Deadlock prevention,Digraphs,Discrete event systems,Petri nets
Attribute selection for the scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems based on fuzzy set-theoretic approach and genetic algorithm	2005	Journal of the Chinese Institute of Industrial Engineers	Assigning proper dispatching rules dynamically has been shown to enhance various performance measures for a flexible manufacturing system (FMS). To achieve this, real-time salient information of the system is extracted and then a rule's dispatching mechanism is built for the scheduling task. For a dynamic scheduled FMS, two critical issues dominate the performance; the first is the selection of system attributes and the second is the design of the dispatching mechanism. This paper aims to deal with the first issue. A good attribute evaluation method should provide the information from which attribute are selected or removed. In this paper, a supervised attribute mining algorithm (SAMA), which is based on the fuzzy set-theoretic approach and genetic algorithm (GA), is proposed to execute this function. SAMA is able to rank attributes according to their relative importance. In the experiment, a FMS is conducted to demonstrate the validity of the proposed SAMA. The experimental results indicate that the attribute evaluation task and optimal attribute subset selection can be achieved by using the SAMA. Moreover, compared with using all system attributes without selection, performance of the FMS can be improved by using the optimal attributes as input of the scheduler.  2005 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	9	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	Attribute selection,Dynamic scheduling,Flexible manufacturing system,Fuzzy theory,Genetic algorithm
Engineering and horticultural aspects of robotic fruit harvesting: Opportunities and constraints	2005	HortTechnology	Automated solutions for fresh market fruit and vegetable harvesting have been studied by numerous researchers around the world during the past several decades. However, very few developments have been adopted and put into practice. The reasons for this lack of success are due to technical, economic, horticultural, and producer acceptance issues. The solutions to agricultural robotic mechanization problems are multidisciplinary in nature. Although there have been significant technology advances during the past decade, many scientific challenges remain. Viable solutions will require engineers and horticultural scientists who understand crop-specific biological systems and production practices, as well as the machinery, robotics, and controls issues associated with the automated production systems. Focused multidisciplinary teams are needed to address the full range of commodity-specific technical issues involved. Although there will be common technology components, such as machine vision, robotic manipulation, vehicle guidance, and so on, each application will be specialized, due to the unique nature of the biological system. Collaboration and technology sharing between commodity groups offers the benefit of leveraged research and development dollars and reduced overall development time for multiple commodities. This paper presents an overview of the major horticultural and engineering aspects of robotic mechanization for horticultural crop harvesting systems.	Journal	j	cp	Conference Paper	United States	30	Horticulture	Automated production,Machine vision,Selective harvesting
Vehicle planning in unstructured environments	2005	Collection of Technical Papers - InfoTech at Aerospace: Advancing Contemporary Aerospace Technologies and Their Integration	A new physics-based method for autonomous vehicle guidance and planning in unstructured outdoor environments. The method guides a vehicle autonomously over difficult terrain, including areas that approach the maximum rough-terrain ability of the vehicle. Current algorithms focus on static capabilities of the vehicle, such as the largest obstacle that can be negotiated. The new planning system considers the vehicle dynamics, kinematics and geometry to optimise performance. The method utilises a detailed forward simulation of a vehicle interacting with terrain. The forward model has three main parts; Firstly vehicle dynamics are simulated including material properties and engine constraints. Second the three-dimensional shape of the vehicle and environment are modelled, giving points of interaction. Third the planning algorithm searches a space that inherently includes the vehicle characteristics relevant to negotiating unstructured terrain. Terrain properties other than geometry are associated with the various objects in the environment and are active during forward simulation. To plan a path, the forward simulation is guided ahead from the current vehicle position to explore the surrounding environment. The planner both controls and gains information from this exploration. A series of measures are collated at each time step summarising the interaction for the planner. The measures include; average and worst slope, derivative of the direction of the vehicles acceleration, energy expended and vehicle environment interpenetration. Factors such as the velocity to clear a particular section and the effect of the angle of approach to an obstacle are inherently taken into account by the planning system. The new method has been evaluated in field trials of a small off-road vehicle, negotiating unprepared off-road terrain. Copyright  2005 by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Inc. All rights reserved.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Australia	0	Engineering (all)	None
