Positioning automated guided vehicles in a loop layout	2000	European Journal of Operational Research	We address the problem of determining the home positions for m automated guided vehicles (AGVs) in a loop layout where n pickup points are positioned along the circumference (m<n). A home position is the location where idle AGVs are held until they are assigned to the next transportation task. The home positions need to be selected so as to minimize an objective function of the response times, where the response time for a pickup point is defined as the travel time to the pickup point from the nearest home location. For the unidirectional flow system, where all AGVs can move in one direction only, we first point out that the problem of minimizing an arbitrary regular cost function can quite straightforwardly be solved in O(n2) time if m = 1 and in O(mnm) time if m≥2, which is polynomial for a fixed number m of AGVs. For m≥3, we can do better, however: we derive a generic O(mn3) time and O(mn) space dynamic programming algorithm for minimizing any regular function of the response times. For minimizing maximum response time a further gain in efficiency is possible: this problem can be solved in O(n2) time if m = 2 and O(n2 log n) time if m≥3. Our results improve on earlier published work, where it was suggested that problems with m≥2 are NP-hard. For the bidirectional flow system, where the AGVs can move in both directions, the problem of determining the home locations is inherently much more difficult. Important objective functions like average response time and maximum response time can nonetheless still be minimized by the same types of algorithms and in the same amount of time as their unidirectional counterparts, once restrictive conditions apply such that the case m = 1 can be solved in polynomial time. One such restrictive condition is that each AGV travels at constant speed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Netherlands	29	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	None
Conflict resolution in AGV systems	2000	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	Currently, conflict-free routing in AGV systems is established by means of one of the following three approaches: (i) the problem elimination through the adoption of a segmented path flow or tandem queue configuration; (ii) the identification of imminent collisions through forward sensing and their aversion through vehicle backtracking and/or rerouting; or (iii) the imposition of zone control and extensive route pre-planning, typically based on deterministic timing of the vehicle traveling and docking stages. Among these three approaches, the segmented path flow-based approach presents the highest robustness to the system stochasticities/randomness, but at the cost of restricted vehicle routings and the need for complicated handling operations. This paper proposes an alternative conflict resolution strategy that will ensure robust AGV conflict resolution, while maintaining the operational flexibility provided by free vehicle travel on arbitrarily structured guidepath networks. Specifically, the approach advocated in this paper also employs zone control, but it determines vehicle routes incrementally, one zone at a time. Routing decisions are the result of a sequence of safety and performance considerations, with the former being primarily based on structural/logical rather than timing aspects of the system behavior. The resulting control problem is characterized as the AGV structural control. After defining the notion of AGV structural control, the paper proceeds to the formal characterization and analysis of the problem, and to the development of a structural control policy appropriate for the class of AGV resource allocation systems. The paper concludes with some discussion on the accommodation of emerging AGV operational features in the proposed modeling and analysis framework, and the integration of AGV structural control with the broader control of material-flow among the shop-floor workstations.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	144	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Flexible transport system by cooperation of conveyer-loaded AGVs	2000	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	A new transport module for constructing an efficient and flexible material handling system are proposed in this paper: a AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) module loaded a conveyer in which it is possible to hand-over operation between two modules. The operation can solve the deadlock problem among AGVs in the process of material handling. Prototype modules are created and hand-over experiments are made to measure motion characteristics of the modules. Transport simulations are made for a model plant layout by using the values in the former experiments. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed module from the viewpoint of transport efficiency, especially for cellular-type or process-type plant layouts.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Jitter reduction in a real-time message transmission system using Genetic Algorithms	2000	Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Evolutionary Computation, ICEC	The wide use of fieldbus based distributed systems in embedded control applications triggered the research on the problem of transmission network induced jitter in control variables. In this paper we introduce a variant of the classical Genetic Algorithm, which we call Progressive Genetic Algorithm, and show how it can be used to reduce jitter suffered by periodic messages. The approach can be applied either in centrally controlled fieldbuses or in synchronized ones. The algorithm was tested with two well-known and widely used benchmarks: the PSA, coming from automotive industries and the SAE from Automatic Guided Vehicles. It is shown that it is possible to eliminate completely jitter if the adequate transmission rate is available and, if not, a satisfactory reduced jitter can be obtained.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Portugal	6	Engineering (all),Computer Science (all),Computational Theory and Mathematics	None
Petri-net and GA based approach to modeling, scheduling, and performance evaluation for wafer fabrication	2000	Proceedings - IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation	Wafer fabrication is one of the most capital-intensive manufacturing processes in the world, which requires an huge investment in plant and equipment. Also, wafer fabrication is the most complicated one found today. The complexity is as the result of equipment uncertainty, product diversity, process intricacy, ever improving technologies, and variable yields. A significant amount of risk is involved in the wafer fabrication due to huge investment costs, long production cycle time, and short production life cycle. How to survive from such competitive and risky environment has become a major task of effective job-shop scheduling, which has benefits of higher machine utilization, shorter cycle time, higher throughput rate, lower WIP inventory, and greater customer satisfaction. In this paper, a genetic algorithm (GA) embedded search strategy over a hybrid color-timed Petri-Net (HCTPN) for wafer fabrication is proposed. Through the HCTPN model, all possible behaviors of the wafer manufacturing systems such as WIP status and machine status can be completely tracked down by the reachability graph of the net. The chromosome representation of the search nodes in GA is constructed directly from the HCTPN model, recording the information about the appropriate scheduling policy for each workstation in the fab. A better chromosome found by GA is received by the HCTPN based schedule builder, and then a near-optimal schedule is generated.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Taiwan	6	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Artificial Intelligence,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A hybrid approach for dispatching an automated guided vehicle	2000	Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	This paper considers a dispatching problem of an automated guided vehicle (AGV). The primary goal of this paper is to suggest a multi-attribute rule for dispatching an AGV. The attributes to be considered are the number of queues in outgoing buffer of a workstation, distance between an idle AGV and a workstation with a job waiting for the service of vehicle, and the number of queues in input buffer of the destination workstation of a job. The secondary purpose of this paper is to adjust weights of attributes in accordance with the dynamic change of system status. A neural network approach is applied to obtain an appropriate weight vector of attributes based on the current status of the manufacturing system. Backpropagation algorithm is used to train the neural network model. A number of simulation runs are executed under different experimental conditions to compare the several performance measures of the suggested rules and some existing single attribute dispatching rules each other.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	South Korea	0	Engineering (all)	None
Simulation of an evolutionary tuned fuzzy dispatching system for automated guided vehicles	2000	Winter Simulation Conference Proceedings	This paper presents the development and simulation of a novel Genetic Algorithm (GA) based methodology applied to optimal tuning of a fuzzy dispatching system for a fleet of automated guided vehicles in a flexible manufacturing environment. The dispatching rules are further transformed into a continuously adaptive procedure to capitalize the online information available from a shop floor at all times. The entire problem is simulated using MATLAB/SIMULINK. The simulation results obtained show that GA is an efficient and effective tool to achieve optimal performance for the well-known NP-complete scheduling problem.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	6	Software,Modeling and Simulation,Safety, Risk, Reliability and Quality,Chemical Health and Safety,Applied Mathematics	None
Distributed routing and simulation of Automated Guided Vehicles	2000	IEEE Region 10 Annual International Conference, Proceedings/TENCON	The Automated Guided Vehicles (or AGVs for short) have become an important option in the container handling process. We present a parallel simulation system for the study of AGV routing schemes. We model the AGV system based on a time-driven approach and execute the model on an efficient simulation engine implemented by using Cilk, a parallel programming language developed at MIT. We will elaborate on the AGV routing algorithms and traffic control scheme and propose a deadlock-free decentralized routing scheme. The performance results of the scheme are also documented.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	6	Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Simulated annealing algorithms for locating pickup and delivery points in an automated guided vehicle system	2000	Journal of Engineering Valuation and Cost Analysis	This paper focuses on the pickup and delivery location problem in automated guided vehicle (AGV) systems, which is the problem of locating pickup and delivery points of each workstation with the objective of minimizing the total distance of material flows between the pickup and delivery points. Here, the material flow distance between a pickup and a delivery points is defined as the product of the length of the shortest path and flow intensity between the pickup and delivery points. In this paper, we first suggest a procedure for eliminating dominated positions for pickup and delivery points. Then, to find good solutions within the solution space reduced through the elimination procedure, we develop three simulated annealing algorithms. Performance of the suggested algorithms is tested on randomly generated test problems, and results show that the suggested algorithms perform better than an existing method. Also, it is found from the computational results that the elimination procedure is very efficient and helps to obtain good solutions within a reasonable amount of computation time even for very large sized problems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	South Korea	4	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Routing AGVs on a mesh-like path topology	2000	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	Automated Guided Vehicles (or AGVs for short) are now becoming an important option in container terminals for transferring containers, in which the number of vehicles involved could be rather large (in the order of a hundred). Thus it is important to route AGVs efficiently; particularly the moves of AGVs should be free of conflicts and deadlocks. This paper presents a provably efficient algorithm for routing AGVs concurrently on a mesh-like path topology. It is proved that our routing strategy guarantees no deadlocks and conflicts among AGVs when moving towards their destinations; a high degree of concurrency can be achieved during our routing process.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	16	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Collision avoidance among AGVs at junctions	2000	IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Symposium, Proceedings	The movement of a vehicle in an Automated Guided Vehicle System (AGVS) depends on the status of other vehicles present in the system. One of the objectives of automation is to have collision free movement to increase the safety. In this paper, two controllers are suggested that by design guarantee no collision between two vehicles at the junctions. The control laws obtained are used for finding out the initial conditions that will be safe under both of these laws or at least under one law. Accordingly the set of conditions for which collision can not be avoided is determined.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	India	26	Modeling and Simulation,Automotive Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Stable fuzzy state space controllers for an AGV	2000	Neural Networks for Signal Processing - Proceedings of the IEEE Workshop	The primary focus is on the development of an intelligent control scheme, which is insensitive to parametric uncertainty, load and parameter fluctuations and most importantly amenable for real time implementation. In this paper, we present a stable uncoupled direct fuzzy PD/PI control scheme for an outdoor AGV, which is a converted electrically powered golf-car. The controller performance was assessed both through simulations and experimental results. It was established that the fuzzy logic controller (FLC) yielded good performance even under uncertain and variable parameters in the model, unlike the computed torque technique (CTT) or conventional PID control. And in terms of real-time implementation the availability of custom fuzzy chips and the reduced computational complexity of the fuzzy controller as against the CTT, makes the fuzzy controller, an ideal choice amongst the two schemes.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	Singapore	2	Signal Processing,Software,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Logical sensors and control system programming for an autonomous biped walking robot	2000	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems	A new prototype of biped walking robot, named as EP-WAR2 (Electropneumatic Walking Robot), has been built at the Laboratory of Robotics and Mechatronics in Cassino. This prototype has been provided of logical sensors in order to avoid different obstacles which have been classified as right and left corners, right and left walls, and entire wall. A walking analysis of EP-WAR2 has been carried out for each type of these obstacles. The control system is given by a PLC (Programmable Logic Controller). Thus, a specific flow-chart of PLC programming has been based on several subroutines in order to foresee in advance and control several situations during the walking motion. External sensor system and PLC programming have been tested on autonomous motion of EP-WAR2 in unknown environments.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Italy	6	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Computer Science Applications	None
A New Method for Solving Scheduling Problems in Manufacturing Environments	2000	Proceedings of the Joint Conference on Information Sciences	This paper presents a new scheduling method for flexible manufacturing systems(FMS's) which combines a new Petri net(PN) model with a new genetics based hybrid algorithm. Firstly, a new PN model with a place called Global Place G which embodies the notion of global optimization and thus makes it easier for the new PN to interface with global optimization algorithms is presented. Following, a new genetics based hybrid algorithm is proposed whose function is to generate globally optimized, but not necessarily balanced, workload distributions of resources. Whenever a global workload distribution is generated, it is passed on to the G to produce a corresponding feasible, globally optimal schedule by using the new PN. The method presented in this paper makes FMS's scheduling problems both formulated explicitly and solved optimally. Finally, simulation results show that the proposed method is effective, efficient and worthy of more-depth investigations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	0	Computer Science (all)	None
Simulation of robotic courier deliveries in hospital distribution services	2000	Health Care Management Science	Flexible automation in the form of robotic couriers holds the potential for decreasing operating costs while improving delivery performance in hospital delivery systems. This paper discusses the use of simulation modeling to analyze the costs, benefits, and performance tradeoffs related to the installation and use of a fleet of robotic couriers within hospital facilities. The results of this study enable a better understanding of the delivery and transportation requirements of hospitals. Specifically, we examine how a fleet of robotic couriers can meet the performance requirements of the system while maintaining cost efficiency. We show that for clinical laboratory and pharmaceutical deliveries a fleet of six robotic couriers can achieve significant performance gains in terms of turn-around time and delivery variability over the current system of three human couriers per shift or 13 FTEs. Specifically, the simulation results indicate that using robotic couriers to perform both clinical laboratory and pharmaceutical deliveries would result in a 34% decrease in turn-around time, and a 38% decrease in delivery variability. In addition, a break-even analysis indicated that a positive net present value occurs if nine or more FTEs are eliminated with a resulting ROI of 12%. This analysis demonstrates that simulation can be a valuable tool for examining health care distribution services and indicates that a robotic courier system may yield significant benefits over a traditional courier system in this application.  Baltzer Science Publishers BV.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	16	Medicine (miscellaneous),Health Professions (all)	None
An ultra-precise, GPS based planter for site-specific cultivation and plant specific chemical application	2000	2000 ASAE Annual Intenational Meeting, Technical Papers: Engineering Solutions for a New Century	A four row Salvo 650 vacuum planter loaned to this project by Solex Corporation, Dixon, CA was retrofitted with a complete set of 4700 series centimeter accuracy surveying and mapping system donated by Trimble Navigation Ltd. Two single board data loggers were used to acquire and store data in real-time and display it in the tractor cab. The first data logger was interfaced to the centimeter accuracy GPS unit, an encoder for wheel speed, and four optical sensors used to detect the seeds as they fell through seed tubes. The second data monitored the first data logger and reported the planter's performance on the display unit mounted in the tractor cab. Field tests were conducted to check the performance of this planter. Corn was planted (hybrid: Pioneer 3162 R24) at a depth of 5 cm and speed of 3 kph. After plant germination each 50 m row was staked into consecutive 4.6 m sections. Three of the eleven 4.6 m sections in each row were randomly selected for analysis. The results showed that, the accuracy of this planter is very good (4.3 to 5.3 cm) to produce plant map for use in subsequent cultivation.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Engineering (all)	Centimeter accuracy,GPS,Plant map,RTK,Seed map,Ultra-precise planter
Fuzzy control of electrohydraulic steering systems	2000	2000 ASAE Annual Intenational Meeting, Technical Papers: Engineering Solutions for a New Century	This paper presents the development of a fuzzy controller for an electrohydraulic (E/H) steering system for automated agricultural tractors The fuzzy controller uses the wheel angle error and the wheel turning rate as the inputs and provides a voltage control signal to the driver of the E/H steering control valve The wheel angle error was the difference between the reference steering wheel angle and the actual wheel angle The fuzzy control algorithm has been verified using MATLAB simulation and via tests on a hardware in the loop steering simulator and on tractor platform Test results showed that the fuzzy controller had a satisfactory tracking performance for tractor automated guidance applications.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Engineering (all)	Fuzzy control electrohydraulic steering system,Nonlinear control and automated guidance
Visual measurement of orientation error for a mobile robot	2000	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	A vision system is developed for a mobile cleaning robot to detect orientation, which can be used alone or with predicted motion to reduce localization error. By exploiting straight line features found in ceilings with suspended tiles, orientation is found in realtime with a desktop PC implementation. Simple techniques are applied to achieve realtime performance in a system which is suitable for implementation in an embedded system or DSP. Edge strengths and directions are first calculated. Points potentially belonging to line features are then found by applying a dynamically calculated global threshold designed to retain a fixed percentage of edge points, and the application of an edge thinning operation which implements a fast peak detection algorithm. The remaining edge points are then used to determine an initial orientation estimate. Orientations are found by detecting four peaks separated by 90° intervals in a contour-direction histogram. The orientation value is further refined by rejecting points which are not close to the main orientation estimate, and by removing points which are part of very short lines resulting from texture patterns rather than long straight line features. The theoretical basis, system design and prototype implementation, testing, and evaluation are described. The experimental results of integrating a prototype system with an experimental mobile robot are included.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	8	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Allocating optimal index positions on tool magazines using genetic algorithms	2000	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	This paper presents an optimization system software developed for the determination of optimal index positions of cutting tools on the automatic tool changer (ATC) or turret magazine of CNC machine tools. Position selection is performed using a genetic algorithm (GA) which takes a list of cutting tools assigned to certain machining operations together with total number of index positions available on the ATC or turret magazines and, catalogue value of indexing time as the input, and then randomly generates an initial population of position sets (chromosomes). New chromosomes are generated using genetic operators: crossover, reproduction and mutation. A fitness function is used to evaluate the goodness of each chromosome in terms of total tool-indexing time. Based on the fitness values, the next generation is formed from the newly generated sequences and old population. As the iterations are continued, the better sequences with higher fitness values (lower total-indexing times) dominate and the system converges to an optimal positioning set. The system is implemented in C programming language and on a PC. It can be used as stand-alone system or as an integrated module of a process planning system called OPPS-PRI (Optimized Process Planning System for PRIsmatic parts) developed for prismatic parts.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	22	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	None
Unidirectional circular layout for overhead material handling systems	2000	International Journal of Production Research	The reentrant flow type of the semiconductor wafer manufacturing process creates a large amount of overhead material flows in the interbay system. This paper proposes unidirectional circular layout for overhead multi-carrier systems. The layout configuration can potentially reduce the control complexity of heavy traffic flow, streamline the empty carrier supply, and meet the delivery requirements. The layout contains a central loop to reach every stocker at high speed and supply empty carriers, provide prompt delivery service to each loop addition in a dynamic and responsive manner. It is preferred to other track architectures, as minimal traffic control is required for the large amount of wafer flows in semi-conductor fabs. The proposed construction procedure proceeds in two stages. In the first stage, four quantitative measures are provided to select good candidates of main loop layouts in order to minimize the total flow times distances, construction costs and service response time. Once the main loop is chosen, minimum carrier flow requirement and the critical segments can be identified. The required carrier flows depend on the minimum flow requirement on the critical segments. In the second stage, forward and backtrack reducible loops are found as loop additions to connect to exterior stockers (stockers outside the main loop) as well as to eliminate the flows on critical segments. A dynamic programming procedure is presented to minimize the total construction and operating costs in the hybrid loop addition process. This two-stage procedure identifies a number of good and feasible layouts in which multiple layouts are maintained throughout the execution process.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	29	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Automated coil handling and in-process inventory system	2000	AISE Steel Technology	The coil handling and inventory system of the Rockport Works of AK Steel was investigated. Automated coil movements were studied to assess the flow of material and layout of the system. The position of every coil, movement characteristics, coil routing and storage were some of the parameters analyzed using the central computer control. In this context, coil handling in-process system (CHIPS) was used.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	United States	2	Metals and Alloys	None
An integrated material flow system approach for determining the economic production quantity (EPQ)	2000	International Journal of Production Research	Traditionally, the analysis of material flow systems has focused on each of the iudividual components of the system separately (i.e. material handling, production lot size, unit load size, flow path, layout, space, etc). Even though each component is difficult to address on its own, it is imperative that they be addressed concurrently due to their interactions. This paper explores the relationships between the components in the material flow system with respect to determining the economic production quantity (EPQ). This is in contrast to the traditional EPQ model, which considers only set-up cost, inventory cost, and demand, while ignoring other material flow system issues. A multi-item economic production quantity model under a storage space limit is considered with respect to material handling equipment selection and requirements, unit load size, and flow path selection. The integrated material flow system problem is mathematically formulated as a large scale, nonlinear integer programming model, and a heuristic solution procedure is developed. The impact of using an integrated approach to determine the EPQ is illustrated and solutions are compared to both a lower bound and a traditional sequential approach. It is found that an integrated approach provides consistent and significant improvement in the overall solution quality.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	6	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Hammering out the details of full fab automation	2000	Solid State Technology	Foundry supplier Nanya Techology has implemented its fabrication automation using automatic guided vehicles, with an eye to eventual lights-out operations with 300 mm wafers. In general, with 200 mm tools, lack a standard approach to automated guided vehicles interfacing. Nanya engineers are working with both major and specialized tool suppliers for the automation needed.	Trade Journal	d	ar	Article	United States	0	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering,Materials Chemistry	None
Evolutionary tuning of a fuzzy dispatching system for automated guided vehicles	2000	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Part B: Cybernetics	This paper develops a novel genetic algorithm (GA) based methodology for optimal tuning of a reported fuzzy dispatching system for a fleet of automated guided vehicles in a flexible manufacturing environment. The reported dispatching rules are transformed into a continuously adaptive procedure to capitalize the on-line information available from a shop floor at all times. Simulation results obtained show that the GA is very powerful and effective to achieve optimal fuzzy dispatching rules for higher shop floor productivity and operational efficiency.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Singapore	9	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Information Systems,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Characterization of a trajectory recognition optical sensor for an automated guided vehicle	2000	IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement	Characterization of a relatively simple optical sensor used for recognition of the desired fixed trajectory for an automated guided vehicle (AGV), painted on an industrial shop floor, is described. The optical sensor consists of 14 infrared (IR) emitter-detector pairs arranged in two columns and is fixed underneath the vehicle chassis. A microcomputer-based test platform for evaluation of the proposed sensor is also described. The sensor performance is evaluated using two geometrical algorithms and one based on neural networks, with the latter giving better results.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	5	Instrumentation,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Two-dimensional position sensing using absolute-type encoder scheme employing pseudorandom binary arrays	2000	Electronics Letters	A novel absolute-type encoder scheme employing pseudorandom binary arrays for two-dimensional position sensing is described. With the encoder scheme presented, combined measurement of shaft angular and translational position using a single transducer is possible. Brief details on design, construction and testing are given.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United Kingdom	3	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
The OmniMate: A guidewire- and beacon-free AGV for highly reconfigurable applications	2000	International Journal of Production Research	This paper introduces a new automated guided vehicle (AGV) for guidewire-free industrial applications where rapid reconfiguration is required. The AGV, called OmniMate, has full omnidirectional motion capabilities, can correct odometry errors without external references, and offers a large 183 × 91 cm (72 × 36 in) loading deck. A patented, so-called compliant linkage avoids the excessive wheel slippage often found in other omnidirectional platforms. The paper describes the kinematic design and the control system of the platform and explains its unique odometry error correction method, called internal position error correction (IPEC). IPEC renders the OmniMate's odometry almost completely insensitive to even severe irregularities of the floor, such as bumps, cracks, or traversable objects. Dead-reckoning is enhanced further by the addition of a fibre-optics gyroscope. Because of its extraordinary dead-reckoning capabilities the OmniMate can travel over extended distances while following a pre-programmed path fully automatically. The paper describes an implemented 'lead-through' teaching system, in which an operator guides the OmniMate along a desired path, while the OmniMate records the path to memory. Later, in path execution mode, the OmniMate reproduces the path accurately, observing commanded velocities. With this system it is possible and feasible to program or modify a complete path within minutes.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	16	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Performance evaluation of an auction-based manufacturing system using coloured Petri nets	2000	International Journal of Production Research	The next generation of manufacturing systems is assumed to be intelligent enough to make decisions and automatically adjust to variations in production demand, shop-floor breakdowns etc. Auction-based manufacturing is a control strategy in which various intelligent entities in the manufacturing system bid themselves, accept bids and make selections among the bids available based on a heuristic. This paper deals with the simulation modelling and performance evaluation of a push-type auction (negotiation) based manufacturing system embedded in a pull-type production system using coloured Petri nets. Three different models of an auction-based manufacturing system have been discussed. This methodology helps in developing systems for real-time control, anticipation of deadlocks, and evaluation of various performance metrics like machine utilization, automated guided vehicle (AGV) utilization, waiting times, work in process (WIP) etc. Various decision-making rules were identified for the real-time control of auction-based manufacturing systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	21	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Determination of vehicle requirements in automated guided vehicle systems: A statistical approach	2000	Production Planning and Control	Interest in automated material handling systems has been increasing in manufacturing and assembly facilities. Automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) is one such material handling system. One of the decisions in implementing an AGVS is to determine the number of vehicles required for a facility at the early planning stage. This paper undertakes the development of an analytical model using a regression technique to estimate the number of vehicles required by a facility. The model attempts to use characteristics of a facility for which an automated guided vehicle system is under consideration to determine the number of vehicles required. Although several facility characteristics were investigated, only a few were finally included in the model based on the statistical significance of their contributions to predicting vehicle requirements. The predictive abilities of several models hypothesized were compared with results obtained through simulation on some test facilities. Based on the results of the comparisons, a final model was adopted. The vehicle requirements predicted by the model differed from the results obtained from the simulation model only slightly. The results show that regression analysis provides an alternative and promising approach for estimating vehicle requirements for an AGVS, especially during the initial phase of a system design.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	30	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGVS,Layout,Material handling,Regression,Simulation
Order relations among the optimal values under three evaluation criteria and their applications	2000	European Journal of Operational Research	The three fundamental evaluation criteria, (1) the maximum-production rate criterion, (2’) the minimum-cost one and (3) the maximum-profit-rate one, have been utilized in manufacturing optimization, especially, in the optimal machining speed problems of machine tools. It is well known that the optimal machining speed under (3) lies between those under (1) and (2’). The main purpose of this paper is to extend such property to more general OR models (including stochastic ones). To do this, we introduce (2) the maximum-unit-profit criterion, instead of (2’). The (2) is a generalization of (2’). First we prove the existence of optimal vectors under (1), (2) and (3), and then present a fundamental result to derive order relations among the optimal vectors. When the decision vector is one-dimensional, i.e., a scalar, some order relations among the optimal values are given for special cases which are of great importance in practice. As an application, we unify some results which have been already discussed or developed in several references.  2000 Elsevier Science B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	0	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	Economics,Modeling,Optimization,Production
Virtual target approach for resolving the limit cycle problem in navigation of a fuzzy behaviour-based mobile robot	2000	Robotics and Autonomous Systems	A virtual target approach is proposed for resolving the limit cycle problem in navigation of a behaviour-based mobile robot. Starting from the onset point of a possible limit cycle path, the real target is switched to a virtual location and the robot is navigated according to the virtual target set up temporarily and the real environment information sensed, until a switching-back condition is reached. The cause of the limit cycle is analyzed and the abrupt change in target orientations at two consecutive reaction instants is then identified to be the condition for shifting the target from the real location to the virtual one. The condition for switching back to the real target is established using a specific change in the obstacle information sensed. The algorithm is described together with some particular considerations in implementation. Efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach are verified through simulation and experiments conducted with a Nomad 200 robot incorporating a fuzzy behaviour-based controller.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	23	Control and Systems Engineering,Software,Mathematics (all),Computer Science Applications	None
An optimal part sending policy for a production system in a general configuration with a new control strategy	2000	IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Part A:Systems and Humans.	We consider a production system in a general configuration with a new control strategy: the push mechanism for the part transport and the kanban technique for the work-in-process (WIP). The production system is composed of many stations such as an entrance station, a set of work stations, a central station, and an exit station, that are arranged in a general configuration. The push mechanism is followed for transporting a part from a station to a destination station. The kanban technique is adopted for controlling the WIP in a work station. The production system is modeled by a closed queuing network in a general configuration with a Markov part sending mechanism and a machine no blocking (MNB) technique. An optimal part sending policy that maximizes the expected system throughput is formulated into a long run average semi-Markov decision process. Three solution approaches are developed for obtaining optimal or suboptimal solutions. Numerical examples are given to evaluate the quality of the solutions obtained by the solution approaches.  2000 IEEE.	Journal	j	ar	Article	China	3	Software,Control and Systems Engineering,Human-Computer Interaction,Computer Science Applications,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	Blocking,Kanban technique,Push mechanism,Queuing network,Semi-Markov decision process,Throughput
Indicators for measuring performances of morphology and material handling systems in flexible manufacturing systems	2000	International Journal of Production Economics	The aim of this paper is to present some existing and several new indicators of performances useful to help the designer to find a good solution for morphology and choice of material handling systems in flexible manufacturing systems. Our purpose here is to focus on the evaluation of the pair morphology-material handling systems, studied concurrently due to their strong interdependence. As a result of a survey of literature in this area, we present in this paper the indicators we have retained as suited to this purpose and easily implemented. New indicators related to the performances of these systems, such as the flexibility, are also suggested. A classification of indicators is introduced: (1) the operational indicators, which characterize the dynamic behaviour of the studied FMS such as the mean flow-time of jobs or the utilization rates of machines; (2) the strategic indicators which measure the capacity of the system to evolve toward manufacturing new products such as the flexibility on which the emphasis is put; (3) the economic indicators such as the purchasing cost, the functioning cost or the maintenance cost. To better introduce the role, the usefulness of each indicator and their practical use, an illustrative example is presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	23	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Modeling and simulation of the control framework on a flexible manufacturing system	2000	International Journal of Production Economics	A flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is designed to high productivity and production flexibility. But the design of a FMS requires high investment. Furthermore, this preliminary phase is strategic and the decisions at this stage have to be made very carefully in order to ensure that the manufacturing system will successfully satisfy the demands of an ever-changing market. Discrete-event simulation has been widely used to design production systems such as FMSs. More particularly, it has been used to design and size the hardware part of a FMS. On the other hand, simulation is more and more used to design and evaluate decision strategies. In this paper, we propose to integrate in a single simulation model a physical model which corresponds to the hardware elements of the FMS with their physical characteristics and interactions, and a logic model which corresponds to the modeling of the computer control system and its interaction with the material part (i.e., the control framework and the network). For this, we present a methodology which allows the integration in a single simulation model of a logical layer representing the control framework and a physical layer representing the FMS elements (i.e., machines, vehicles, transportation network...) within a discrete-event simulation language. On a FMS, for example described in this paper, the results obtained show that with a high level shop congestion, the control layer does not increase the job flowtime.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	21	Business, Management and Accounting (all),Economics and Econometrics,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Self-organizing neural network approach for the single AGV routing problem	2000	European Journal of Operational Research	In this research, a special form of Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) routing problem is investigated. The objective is to find the shortest tour for a single, free-ranging AGV that has to carry out multiple pick and deliver (P&D) requests. This problem is an incidence of the asymmetric traveling salesman problem which is known to be NP-complete. An artificial neural network algorithm based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature maps is developed to solve the problem, and several improvements on the basic features of serf-organizing maps are proposed. Performance of the algorithm is tested under various parameter settings for different P&D request patterns and problem sizes, and compared with the optimal solution and the nearest neighbor rule. Promising results are obtained in terms of solution quality and computation time.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	29	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research,Information Systems and Management	None
A framework for the selection of idle vehicle home locations in an automated guided vehicle system	2000	International Journal of Production Research	In the study of automated guided vehicles systems (AGVS), one assumption often made in the management of vehicles is the existence of either home locations or a circulatory loop to buffer or hold idle vehicles. A review of AGVS literature reveals that different researchers pursue one idle vehicle management policy or the other. In some studies, idle vehicles are assumed to circulate in some loops in the system while others assume they are routed to some dwell point locations where they are held until they are reassigned. When the dwell point option is implemented, different strategies for implementation are also available. However, what is generally lacking in references to dwell point strategies are the techniques for selecting the optimal or best dwell points for a given facility. In this study, the problem of dwell point or home location specification is addressed. The problem was modelled mathematically to determine the optimal home locations. The emphasis in the paper is on a unidirectional AGVS guide path. The criterion of optimization employed is the minimization of the system response time to vehicle demand points when dispatched from home locations. Solution methodologies are presented and example problems solved to illustrate the applications of the models presented.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	13	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Algorithms for routing AGVs on a mesh topology	2000	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2000.This paper proposes to adapt parallel sorting/message routing algorithms to route Automated Guided Vehicles (or AGVs for short) on meshlike path topologies. Our strategy guarantees that no conflicts will occur among AGVs when moving towards their destinations; a high degree of concurrency can be achieved during our routing process.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	7	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
An integrated analytical/simulation approach for economic design of an AGV system	2000	Journal of the Operations Research Society of Japan	This paper proposes an integrated analytical/simulation approach for designing an automated guided vehicle system (AGVS) which consists of AGVs, machines with input buffers and a dispatching station in a just-in-time (JIT) environment. The objective is to determine the number of AGVs, the input buffer capacities and locations of the machines that minimize a cost function under the constraint that the planned utilization of each machine is achieved. The integrated analytical/simulation approach employs a simulation model to evaluate the performance of the AGVS and an analytical approach to reduce the repetition number of simulations in searching an optimal solution. The analytical approach leads to an efficient iterative procedure based on monotonicity properties of the cost function and the machine utilization in each design factor, and lower bounds of the number of AGVs and the input buffer capacities. Moreover, initial locations of the machines are derived from the HLP inequality. Computational results are given to demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed procedure. It is observed that the lower bounds and the initial locations are the optimal solution in case of deterministic processing times at machines.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	5	Decision Sciences (all),Management Science and Operations Research	None
The performance of multiple-load AGV systems under different guide path configurations and vehicle control strategies	2000	International Journal of Manufacturing Technology and Management	The majority of research on multiple-load Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems has been focused on vehicle control problems. None of it investigates how well multiple-load AGVs will perform under different guide path configurations and different vehicle control strategies (i.e. dispatching rules and load selection and delivery rules). This paper investigates the performance of multiple-load AGV systems in two configurations – unidirectional single loop (SL) and segmented bi-directional single loop (SBSL). Simulation experiments are conducted to study the performance of multiple-load AGVs in these guide path configurations when different combinations of dispatching rules and load selection and delivery rules are applied. Based on this study, one is able to select good control strategies for multiple-load AGV systems with SL guide paths or SBSL guide paths.  2000 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	9	Computer Science Applications,Strategy and Management,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Information Systems and Management,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	guide path configuration,Multiple-load AGV,vehicle control strategy
Dynamic positioning of idle automated guided vehicles	2000	Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing	An automated guided vehicle (AGV) is a mobile robot commonly used to carry loads in material handling systems (MHS). Once a transfer is completed, an AGV stops at a home position, a point where it can park until it is assigned a new task. Determining the home positions is an important control problem with a direct influence on the overall performance of the MHS. The problem can be viewed as a location-allocation problem on a network. In this paper two fast and effective heuristics which dynamically determine the home positions are proposed. The methods were tested using two real-world instances. The obtained results are shown and discussed.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Italy	19	Software,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering,Artificial Intelligence	None
A methodology for the protocol-centered design of agent-based systems	2000	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2000 IEEE.This article presents a novel methodology for the protocol-centered design of agent-based systems. Agents are understood as concurrently interacting autonomous, proactive objects in a distributed environment. The introduced methodology is diagram based and focuses on the initial phase of specifying and exploring communication protocols between agents. It is based on the derivation of protocols from actors and their events. We additionally provide design rules and conventions for the seamless transition of the specification to an implementation. The concepts are presented through an example from Computer Integrated Manufacturing (CIM) which gives the specification of autonomous, automated guided vehicles (ACVs) moving parts between manufacturing workstations.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Conflict resolution in AGV systems	2000	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	Currently, conflict-free routing in AGV systems is established by means of one of the following three approaches: (i) the problem elimination through the adoption of a segmented path flow or tandem queue configuration; (ii) the identification of imminent collisions through forward sensing and their aversion through vehicle backtracking and/or rerouting; or (iii) the imposition of zone control and extensive route pre-planning, typically based on deterministic timing of the vehicle traveling and docking stages. Among these three approaches, the segmented path flow-based approach presents the highest robustness to the system stochas-ticities/randomness, but at the cost of restricted vehicle routings and the need for complicated handling operations. This paper proposes an alternative conflict resolution strategy that will ensure robust AGV conflict resolution, while maintaining the operational flexibility provided by free vehicle travel on arbitrarily structured guidepath networks. Specifically, the approach advocated in this paper also employs zone control, but it determines vehicle routes incrementally, one zone at a time. Routing decisions are the result of a sequence of safety and performance considerations, with the former being primarily based on structural/logical rather than timing aspects of the system behavior. The resulting control problem is characterized as the AGV structural control. After defining the notion of AGV structural control, the paper proceeds to the formal characterization and analysis of the problem, and to the development of a structural control policy appropriate for the class of AGV resource allocation systems. The paper concludes with some discussion on the accommodation of emerging AGV operational features in the proposed modeling and analysis framework, and the integration of AGV structural control with the broader control of material-flow among the shop-floor workstations.  2000, Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Dynamic-zone strategy for vehicle-collision prevention and load balancing in an AGV system with a single-loop guide path	2000	Computers in Industry	One of the advances in computer-aided production is the application of computer control to automated material handling systems. Computer control is especially important to Automated Guide Vehicles (AGVs) since their control problems are more complicated than those of traditional automated material handling systems, e.g., conveyors. Of the many design and control issues of AGVs, an important one is the prevention of vehicle collision. Many traditional vehicle-collision prevention strategies are the so-called zone strategies that divide guide paths into several non-overlapping zones, and restrict the presence of at most one vehicle in any zone at any time. In this paper, the concept of a new vehicle-collision prevention strategy called `dynamic-zone strategy' will be introduced. Detailed procedures based on this new strategy will be proposed for an AGV system with a single-loop guide path. Traditional zone strategies ar fixed-zone strategies in which the zone assigned to each vehicle cannot be changed and vehicles are not allowed to help each other. As a result, fixed-zone strategies often have the disadvantage of not being able to satisfy the transportation demand whenever there is a load imbalance between vehicles. The objective of this paper is to develop a strategy that not only can prevent the collision of vehicles but also can avoid the disadvantage of fixed-zone strategies. To accomplish this, the proposed strategy relies on two procedures - Zone Adjustment Procedure and Zone Assistance Procedure. With Zone Adjustment Procedure, the area of each zone will be changed according to the current production demand. On the other hand, with Zone Assistance Procedure, vehicles are allowed to help each other so that the workload of every vehicle is balanced all the time. The methods of these two procedures will be developed in this paper. In addition, a Simulated Annealing (SA)-based zone-division design method that can find near-optimal zone-division designs will be also be proposed in this paper. Experiments are then conducted to show that the proposed dynamic-zone strategy and the proposed zone-division design method are indeed beneficial to the throughput performance of production systems.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Taiwan	37	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
Parallel simulation of AGVs in container port operations	2000	Proceedings - 4th International Conference/Exhibition on High Performance Computing in the Asia-Pacific Region, HPC-Asia 2000	2000 IEEE.We describe parallel simulations of an Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) system for the container handling at a port. The AGV system is modelled with a time-driven approach and executed on efficient simulation engines implemented by using Cilk, a multi-threaded parallel programming language developed at MIT. The speedup remits of the AGV simulation over sequential versions are documented. We also present congestion control schemes of our AGV routing system.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Singapore	8	Computational Theory and Mathematics,Computer Networks and Communications,Computer Science Applications	None
Holonic manufacturing system for distributed control of automated guided vehicles	2000	Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics	Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) systems traditionally utilize a central controller to assign transportation tasks among vehicles. Because of its rigidity, a centralized architecture may not suitable for modern manufacturing with its rapidly changing markets, demands for products with higher quality, smaller batch sizes, customer specifications, and shorter delivery times. This research applies concepts from holonic manufacturing systems to develop a distributed AGV control system that is flexible and robust in the presence of disturbances. We present the architecture of the holonic manufacturing system, a coordination strategy based on contract nets, and simulation results that indicate an improvement in utilization when compared with traditional centralized control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	22	Control and Systems Engineering,Hardware and Architecture	None
Visually Guided AGV for use as passenger transport in urban areas (81)	2000	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	A small passenger carrying Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) is described which can guide itself along a visual track and detect obstacles in its path. AGVs with this capability have been available for some time, but this AGV is very cheap and reliable. The proposed AGV is intended to provide passenger transport in urban areas, in the manner of a taxi. It can provide personal transport from door to door, and so is capable of providing a service similar to a private car, but at much lower cost.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	United Kingdom	2	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Guidepath design for an automated guided vehicle system: Locating the Pick-up and Delivery stations	2000	Journal of Engineering Valuation and Cost Analysis	An FMS environment requires a flexible and adaptable material handling system. Automated guided vehicles (AGV) provide such a system. One of the components of the network design consists of locating the Pick-up and Delivery (P/D) stations on the guidepath network. In this paper we present integer linear programming formulations to solve optimally the P/D station location problem and we discuss the quality of the bounds generated by the linear relaxations of the formulations. The models presented herein are easy to implement and allow solving problems of realistic size in manufacturing.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Canada	1	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Guided and detecting technology of intelligent robot AGV and new-style AGV	2000	Proceedings of SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering	Intelligent robot automatic guided vehicles (AGV) is a kind of driverless and trackless vehicle which can change its direction and parking place conveniently. It is being adopted in technology of automatic guidance and can automate whole load and unload transportation process if it is equipped with assist load and unload framework. It is representative equipment of flexible manufacture systems and automatic materials handling system. The manners of AGV guided technology are classed as two species. One is placing information medium used for guidance along the running path of AGV and the other is pathless in which the dimension coordinate of ground layout is memoried in AGV and AGV chooses path independently by identifying current location of itself.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	China	3	Electronic, Optical and Magnetic Materials,Condensed Matter Physics,Computer Science Applications,Applied Mathematics,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Comparing different technologies for containers movement in marine container terminals	2000	IEEE Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Proceedings, ITSC	The explosive growth of freight volumes has greatly increased the work of seaports and urged the port authorities to adopt advanced technologies to cope with the booming containerships. Automated operations providing high efficiency have been considered as one of the ways to deal with this problem. Linear Motors Conveyor Systems (LMCS) and Automated Guided Vehicle Systems (AGVS) are the two candidate automation systems that can be used to improve the performance of yard operations. In this paper, simulation models of LMCS and AGVS employed in marine container terminals are developed to investigate the effect of automation and different cargo handling technologies. Yard performance measures are evaluated by Multi Attribute Decision Making (MADM) method to determine the optimal number of vehicles needed to be deployed. The simulation results show how the performance of the terminal increases when LMCS/AGVS are deployed. The differences between the two technologies, LMCS and AGVS, are also investigated using the developed simulation models.	Conference Proceeding	p	ar	Article	United States	14	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Computer Science Applications	None
Evolutionary computation in engineering artificially immune (EAI) system	2000	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2000 IEEE.In this paper, immune networks and the non-network type of engineering artificially immune (EAI) systems are discussed. Moreover, the evolution of the non-network-type EAI system is proposed. The conventional EAI system is treated in a "closed" world, where all antigens are well-known. "Closed" means isolation from the outer world. However, new species of viruses, bacteria, and unknown foreign substances happen to arise in the real world. A new species of antigen affects severe damage to the host. In order to overcome this situation, the EAI system must develop an evolutionary function: to obtain antibodies against a new species of antigens.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	United States	0	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Self-organizing control of carrier sequence in AGV transportation system	2000	IECON Proceedings (Industrial Electronics Conference)	2000 IEEE.This paper proposes a system which realizes a collective autonomous behavior such as an autonomous conveyance order formation in the automatic guided vehicle (AGV) transportation system. We attempt to deal with a large scale distributed autonomous system in a dynamic environment. When using a global evaluation function in order to control each agent, it is necessary to rewrite the global evaluation function of the system whenever the environment changes. If we use such a method, the system cannot be regarded as a real distributed autonomous system. In this paper, we propose two ideas in order to realize a dynamically reconfigurable formation in a dynamic environment, namely, the learning based on the agent's own action and the interaction with the other agents by the relative evaluation. By using these ideas, it is shown that the dynamically reconfigurable formation emerges as an autonomous conveyance order formation of AGV transportation systems.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Japan	1	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Automatic Guided Vehicles: Robust controller design in image space	2000	Autonomous Robots	We have been interested in Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGV) for several years. In this paper, we synthesize controllers for AGV applications using monocular vision. In particular, we are interested in road following and direction change tasks, and in analyzing the influence of extrinsic camera parameter perturbations on vehicle behavior. We use the bicycle as the kinematic vehicle model, and we choose the position of the white band on the road as the sensor signal. We define an interaction between the camera, which is mounted inside the vehicle, and the white band detected in the image space. Using this kind of interaction, we present how to use a pole assignment technique to solve the servoing task. We show the simulation and experimental results (1/10 scale demonstrator) with and without perturbations. We then investigate the use of a robust controller to slow down the effect of perturbations on the behavior of the vehicle.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	9	Artificial Intelligence	None
The block layout shortest loop design problem	2000	IIE Transactions (Institute of Industrial Engineers)	The purpose of this article is to formulate and solve a shortest loop problem associated with the design of material flow handling systems in factories. The problem is formulated as an Integer Linear Program (ILP) initially containing a very large number of constraints. Several simplifications are proposed in order to reduce the problem to a size amenable by standard ILP solvers. Computational results confirm the efficiency and practicality of the proposed approach.  2000, Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	41	Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Reasoning to Anticipate Future by Repeating Memory and Oblivion in Decentralized Autonomous FMS	2000	Nihon Kikai Gakkai Ronbunshu, C Hen/Transactions of the Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers, Part C	This paper describes about the method to decide hypotheses priority ranking by memory, COCOM. In order to increase the reasoning efficiency of Reasoning to Anticipate the Future (RAF) that controls AGVs (Automated Guided Vehicles) in a decentralized autonomous FMS (Flexible Manufacturing Systems). COCOM includes the memory that shows the past production conditions and the AGV actions. By using the memory, COCOM changes the hypotheses by giving the first priority ranking to the hypothesis that is likely to become a true hypothesis. COCOM was applied to the decentralized autonomous FMS which was constructed in a computer. As a result, the number of changing a true hypothesis was reduced, compared with the conventional reasoning.  2000, The Japan Society of Mechanical Engineers. All rights reserved.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	1	Mechanics of Materials,Mechanical Engineering,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	AGV,Decentralized Autonomous System,FMS,Production Planning,Production System
Nonlinear control for a convoy-like vehicle	2000	Automatica	This paper presents a nonlinear control law for a set of unconnected carts which are expected to move as a convoy-like vehicle. Applications of such control scheme can be found in highways where cars are desired to move at the same speed while controlling the distance between them, in automated flexible factories where set of mobile robots are required to follow a leader mobile robot and also in public transports programs where personalized vehicles are assumed to move in a convoy-like configuration. The control law presented in this paper is based on a previous work on feedback design for a train-like vehicle consisting of connected carts (see Canudas-de-Wit, NDoudi-Likoho and Micaelli, Conference on robotics and automation vol. 1 (pp. 14-19). New York: IEEE Press).	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	28	Control and Systems Engineering,Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
A foraging group of autonomous, mobile robots - implementation of hierarchical fuzzy behavior-based control	2000	21st IEEE Convention of the Electrical and Electronic Engineers in Israel, Proceedings	2002 IEEE.A hierarchical, fuzzy, behavior-based algorithm has been implemented successfully for the control of a foraging group of robots. This algorithm enables hybridization of knowledge and behavior-based control. Distinct behaviors are weighed according to their applicability to the current control cycle using global knowledge. Combining fuzzy logic and behavior-based control increases the systems adaptability and robustness.	Conference Proceeding	p	cp	Conference Paper	Israel	2	Electrical and Electronic Engineering	None
Determination of economic order quantities (EOQ) in an integrated material flow system	2000	International Journal of Production Research	The material flow system is the backbone of a manufacturing system as it provides both physical and operational structure. Each component (material handling, until load size, storage space, layout, etc) is a difficult problem to address on its own; however, it is imperative that components be addressed concurrently due to their interactions. This paper explores the relationships between the components in the material flow system with respect to determining the economic order quantity. This is in contrast to the traditional EOQ model, which considers only order cost, inventory cost, and demand, ignoring other material flow system issues. A multi-item economic order quantity (EOQ) model under a storage space limit is considered with respect to material handling equipment selection and requirements, unit load size, and flow path selection. The integrated material flow system problem is mathematically formulated as a large scale, nonlinear integer programming model and a heuristic solution procedure is developed. The impact of using an integrated approach to determine the EOQ is illustrated and solutions are compared to a lower bound. It is found that an integrated approach provides consistent and significant improvement in the overall solution quality.  2000 Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	4	Strategy and Management,Management Science and Operations Research,Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering	None
Sliding Mode Control of a Bioreactor	2000	Korean Journal of Chemical Engineering	In this paper, sliding mode control (SMC) of a bioreactor is considered and is compared with PID control. The magnitude of the error in SMC is found to be lower than that in PID control. Moreover, the magnitudes of cells and nutrients were very close to the selected reference values in SMC, whereas they were quite different in PID control. Overall, SMC was more robust against disturbances and had better performance than PID control.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Turkey	8	Chemistry (all),Chemical Engineering (all)	Bioreactor System,PID Control,Sliding Mode Control
Research in autonomous agriculture vehicles in Japan	2000	Computers and Electronics in Agriculture	Much research on automation in agriculture has been presented in recent years at the annual meetings of the Japanese Society of Agricultural Machinery (JSAM). This research has been performed in universities and government institutes, and by agricultural machinery manufacturers. Because of funding limitations, research in universities has concentrated on methodologies, such as navigation, sensing, and application of control theory. Development of a one dimensional image sensor, and application of neural networks and genetic algorithms, has taken place at Hokkaido University; vision guidance and fuzzy logic application at the University of Tokyo; an automatic follow-up vehicle has been developed at Kyoto University; and an automatic transport vehicle at Ehime University. At research institutes and manufacturers, with their greater financial freedom, more practical systems have been developed. A tilling robot and a driver-less air blast sprayer is being developed in the Bio-oriented Technology Research Advancement Institute (BRAIN); and an autonomous rice planter, a tillage robot and autonomous forage tractor in the research institute of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry, and Fishery (MAFF). Kubota Co. Ltd has developed autonomous rice planting and husbandry vehicles. In Asian countries an autonomous speed sprayer is under study in Korea and an autonomous power sprayer in Taiwan, but little research is performed elsewhere in Asia. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Japan	107	Forestry,Agronomy and Crop Science,Computer Science Applications,Horticulture	Automatic guidance,DGPS,Fiber optical gyroscope,Image processing,Laser range sensor,Robot
Real time collision avoidance algorithm	2000	International Journal of Vehicle Design	A collision avoidance algorithm integrating use of proximity sensors was developed that can be adapted to any two-dimensional work area. The resulting algorithm also involves construction and continual update of an obstacle matrix using information acquired during earlier movements. A stationary robot was used to test the feasibility of the on-line component of the algorithm by guiding its end effector through an obstacle maze. The off-line algorithm Jim was simulated on a 80386-based personal computer.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	0	Automotive Engineering,Mechanical Engineering	None
Choosing social laws for multi-agent systems: minimality and simplicity	2000	Artificial Intelligence	The design of social laws for artificial agent societies is a basic approach to coordinating multi-agent systems. It exposes the spectrum between fully-centralized and fully-decentralized coordination mechanisms. Useful social laws set constraints on the agents' activities which allow them to work individually in a mutually compatible manner. The design of useful social laws is a problem of considerable importance. In many cases, several useful social laws might be considered, and we might wish to have some criteria in order to choose among them. In this paper, we present the notions of minimal and simple social laws, which capture two basic criteria for selecting among alternative (useful) social laws, and study these criteria in the framework of basic settings, namely Automated Guided Vehicles and Distributed Computing. We also present results with regard to computational issues related to minimal and simple social laws, and to the relationship between these two concepts. Together, the new insights provided here can be used as a basic framework for the analysis of 'good' social laws, and initiate research on the selection among alternative social laws.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	68	Language and Linguistics,Linguistics and Language,Artificial Intelligence	None
Virtual Target Strategy in Fuzzy Navigation of Reactive Mobile Robots	2000	Intelligent Automation and Soft Computing	Reactive mobile robot often suffers from a so-called limit cycle problem – the robot wanders indefinitely in a loop in the course of navigation in unknown environment. In this study the cause of the limit cycle is analysed intuitively and then proved mathematically, leading to a necessary condition for identifying the critical points from which the robot likely starts a limit cycle path. By taking into account the abrupt change of the target orientation at the critical points, a virtual target strategy is proposed for resolving the limit cycle problem, in which the real target is switched to a virtual location following the critical point and the robot is navigated according to the virtual target set up temporarily and the real environment information sensed, until aswitching-back condition is reached. The condition for switching back to the real target is established using a specific change in the obstacle information sensed. Main features of the proposed strategy are highlighted by comparing with other approaches for handling the local trapping problems. Efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach are verified through simulation and experiments.  2000 TSI® Press.	Journal	j	ar	Article	New Zealand	1	Software,Theoretical Computer Science,Computational Theory and Mathematics,Artificial Intelligence	Fuzzy logic,Limit cycle,Mobile robot,Reactive navigation,Virtual target
Solving the local minima problem for a mobile robot by classification of spatio-temporal sensory sequences	2000	Journal of Robotic Systems	The local minima problem occurs when a robot navigating past obstacles towards a desired target with no priori knowledge of the environmental gets trapped in a loop. This happens especially if the environment consists of concave obstacles, mazes, and the like. To come out of the loop the robot must comprehend its repeated ttraversal through the same environment, which involves memorizing the environment already seen. This paper proposes a new real-time collision avoidance algorithm with the local minima problem solved by classifying the environment based on the spatio-temporal sensory sequences. A double layered classification scheme is adopted. A fuzzy rule base does the spatial classification at the first level and at the second level Kohonen's self-organizing map and a fuzzy ART network is used for temporal classification. The robot has no prior knowledge of the environment and fuzzy rules govern its obstacle repulsing and target attracting behaviors. As the robot traverses the local environment is modeled and stored in the form of neurons whose weights represent the spatio-temporal sequence of sensor readings. A repetition of a similar environment is mapped to the same neuron in the network and this principle is exploited to identify a local minima situation. Suitable steps are taken to pull the robot out of the local minima. The method has been tested on various complex environments with obstacle loops and mazes, and its efficacy has been established.	Journal	j	ar	Article	India	15	Control and Systems Engineering	None
A guidance-assistance system for agricultural vehicles	2000	Computers and Electronics in Agriculture	This article presents a guidance-assistance system for agricultural machines. It is based on analysis of the vehicle's environment by image processing to deduce a control law in the image space. Two algorithms of image processing and two control laws are presented. It presents some results of crop edge detection and control of the vehicle's trajectory in several conditions. These results show the feasibility of such a project and the necessity to know the reliability of the image processing results to secure the viability of the complete system. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	France	40	Forestry,Agronomy and Crop Science,Computer Science Applications,Horticulture	Agricultural vehicles,Control,Guidance system,Image processing,Texture analysis,Visual servoing
Active vision-based control schemes for autonomous navigation tasks	2000	Pattern Recognition	This paper deals with active-vision-based practical control schemes for collision avoidance as well as maintenance of clearance in a-priori unknown textured environments. These control schemes employ a visual motion cue, called the visual threat cue (VTC) as a sensory feedback signal to accomplish the desired tasks. The VTC provides some measure for a relative change in range as well as clearance between a 3D surface and a moving observer. It is a collective measure obtained directly from the raw data of gray level images, is independent of the type of 3D surface texture. It is measured in [time-1] units and needs no 3D reconstruction. The control schemes are based on a set of If-Then fuzzy rules with almost no knowledge about the vehicle dynamics, speed, heading direction, etc. They were implemented in real-time using a 486-based Personal Computer and a camera capable of undergoing 6-DOF motion.  1999 Pattern Recognition Society.	Journal	j	ar	Article	United States	3	Software,Signal Processing,Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition,Artificial Intelligence	Active vision,Collision avoidance,Visual navigation
A new robotic system for visually controlled percutaneous interventions under CT fluoroscopy	2000	Lecture Notes in Computer Science (including subseries Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics)	Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2000.Minimally invasive CT-guided interventions are an attractive option for diagnostic biopsy and localized therapy delivery. This paper describes the concept of a new prototypical robotic tool, developed in a preliminary study for radiological image-guided interventions. Its very compact and light design is optimized for usage inside a CT-gantry, where a bulky robot is inappropriate, especially together with a stout patient and long stiff instruments like biopsy needles or a trocar. Additionally, a new automatic image-guided control based on “visual servoing” is presented for automatic and uncalibrated needle placement under CT-fluoroscopy. Visual servoing is well established in the field of industrial robotics, when using CCD cameras. We adapted this approach and optimized it for CT-fluoroscopy-guided interventions. It is a simple and accurate method which requires no prior calibration or registration. Therefore, no additional sensors (infrared, laser, ultrasound, etc), no stereotactic frame and no additional calibration phantom is needed. Our technique provides accurate 3D alignment of the needle with respect to an anatomic target. A first evaluation of the robot using CT fluoroscopy showed an accuracy in needle placement of ±0.4 mm (principle accuracy) and ±1.6 mm in a small pig study. These first promising results present our method as a possible alternative to other needle placement techniques requiring cumbersome and time consuming calibration procedures.	Book Series	k	cp	Conference Paper	Germany	53	Theoretical Computer Science,Computer Science (all)	None
Neural network approach for a robot task sequencing problem	2000	Artificial Intelligence in Engineering	This paper presents a neural network approach with successful implementation for the robot task-sequencing problem. The problem addresses the sequencing of tasks comprising loading and unloading of parts into and from the machines by a material-handling robot. The performance criterion is to minimize a weighted objective of the total robot travel time for a set of tasks and the tardiness of the tasks being sequenced. A three-phased parallel implementation of the neural network algorithm on Thinking Machine's CM-5 parallel computer is also presented which resulted in a dramatic increase in the speed of finding solutions. To evaluate the performance of the neural network approach, a branch-and-bound method and a heuristic procedure have been developed for the problem. The neural network method is shown to give good results and is especially useful for solving large problems on a parallel-computing platform.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Israel	15	Computer Science (all),Engineering (all)	None
A bibliography of neural network business applications research: 1994-1998	2000	Computers and Operations Research	The purpose of this paper is to present a comprehensive bibliography of neural network application research in business during the period of 1994-1998. Our extensive literature searches have identified a total of 302 research articles. A classification of these articles by year reveals that a large amount of research has been published in the last five years. Production/operations, finance, marketing/distribution, and information systems were found as the most popular application areas. Information on neural network development language/tool, learning paradigm, computing operating environment, journals and authors are included. An in-depth comparison with the previous survey findings and potential future research trend in the neural network business research are discussed.  2000 Elsevier Science B.V.	Journal	j	ar	Article	Hong Kong	96	Computer Science (all),Modeling and Simulation,Management Science and Operations Research	Bibliography,Neural network
